URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1030418/000095011603000159/0000950116-03-000159.txt

	03526494

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1777 SENTRY PARKWAY WEST
		CITY:			BLUE BELL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19422
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6102960919

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		279B GREAT VALLEY PARKWAY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIONIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970109

PREM14A

prem14a.txt

PREM14A

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION

    Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
                                    of 1934

                                (Amendment No. )

Filed by the Registrant |X|

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant |_|

Check the appropriate box:

|X| Preliminary Proxy Statement
|_| Confidential, for Use of the Commission only (as permitted by Rule
    14a-6(e)(2))
|_| Definitive Proxy Statement
|_| Definitive Additional Materials
|_| Soliciting Material Pursuant to Rule 14a-12

                              BIONX IMPLANTS, INC.
                 ----------------------------------------------
                (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Consent Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

|_|  No fee required.

|X| Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11.

       (1)  Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
            Common Stock, par value $.0019 per share

       (2)  Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
            10,773,397 shares of Common Stock.

       (3)  Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed
            pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which
            the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): The
            filing fee is determined based upon the product of 10,773,397 shares
            of Common Stock and the merger consideration of $4.35 per share. In
            accordance with Section 14(g) of the 34 Act, the filing fee was
            determined by calculating a fee of $92 per $1,000,000 of the amount
            calculated pursuant to the preceding sentence.

       (4)  Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: $46,864,276.95

       (5)  Total fee paid: $4,312

|_| Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

|_| Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule
0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid
previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or
the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

       (1) Amount Previously Paid:
       (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
       (3) Filing Party:
       (4) Date Filed:

                              BIONX IMPLANTS, INC.
                            1777 Sentry Parkway West
                             Gwynedd Hall, Suite 400
                          Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422

                                 ________, 2003
Dear Stockholder:

         You are cordially invited to attend a Special Meeting of Stockholders
of Bionx Implants, Inc. to be held on _______, ________ __, 2003 at 9:00 a.m.,
local time, at our corporate headquarters, 1777 Sentry Parkway West, Gwynedd
Hall, Suite 400, Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422.

         At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon a
proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of January 13,
2003, by and among Bionx Implants, Inc., CONMED Corporation and CONMED's
wholly-owned subsidiary, Arrow Merger Corporation, and the transactions
contemplated thereby. If the merger contemplated by the agreement and plan of
merger is completed, we will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of CONMED. At the
effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of our common stock will be
converted into the right to receive $4.35 in cash.

         In connection with the merger, we have agreed to cancel our outstanding
common stock options prior to the effective time and to pay to the holder of
each option an amount of cash equal to the product of (a) the number of shares
of stock issuable upon exercise of the option multiplied by (b) the amount by
which $4.35 exceeds the exercise price per share payable under the option.

         After careful consideration, our board of directors has unanimously
approved the agreement and plan of merger and has determined that the agreement
and plan of merger and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
merger and the merger consideration, are fair to, and in the best interests of,
us and our stockholders. Our board of directors recommends that you vote "FOR"
the proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger and the transactions
contemplated thereby.

         This proxy statement gives you detailed information about the special
meeting, the agreement and plan of merger and the merger, and it includes the
agreement and plan of merger as Annex A. We encourage you to read the proxy
statement and the agreement and plan of merger carefully. In particular, please
note that if the agreement and plan of merger is terminated under specified
circumstances, we will be required to pay CONMED a termination fee of $2.5
million plus certain of CONMED's expenses.

         We cannot complete the merger unless holders of a majority of the votes
cast at the special meeting vote to adopt the agreement and plan of merger and
the transactions contemplated thereby, assuming a quorum is present at the
meeting in person or by proxy. As a condition to the signing of the agreement
and plan of merger, CONMED required stockholders beneficially owning
approximately 51% of the outstanding shares of our common stock to enter into a
voting agreement with regard to the common stock over which they have voting
power to vote such shares in favor of the adoption of the agreement and plan of
merger and the transactions contemplated thereby. As a result, stockholder
approval of the agreement and plan of merger and the transactions contemplated
thereby is assured.

         Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting in person, it is
important that your shares be represented and voted at the meeting. Please date,
sign, and return your proxy card promptly in the enclosed envelope to assure
that your shares will be represented and voted at the meeting, even if you
cannot attend. If you attend the special meeting, you may vote your shares in
person even though you have previously signed and returned your proxy card.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          Gerard S. Carlozzi
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

                              BIONX IMPLANTS, INC.

                    NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                            To Be Held _______, 2003

         A Special Meeting of Stockholders of Bionx Implants, Inc. will be held
at Bionx Implants' corporate headquarters, 1777 Sentry Parkway West, Gwynedd
Hall, Suite 400, Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422 on _________, ________ ___, 2003
at 9:00 a.m., local time. At the meeting you will be asked to consider and act
upon a proposal recommended by our board of directors to adopt the agreement and
plan of merger, dated as of January 13, 2003, by and among Bionx Implants, Inc.,
CONMED Corporation and Arrow Merger Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
CONMED, and the transactions contemplated thereby.

         Under the agreement and plan of merger, Arrow Merger Corporation will
be merged with and into Bionx, and Bionx will become a wholly-owned subsidiary
of CONMED. At the effective time of the merger, each share of our common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the merger will be converted into the right to
receive $4.35 in cash. In connection with the merger, we have agreed to cancel
our outstanding common stock options prior to the effective time and to pay to
the holder of each option an amount of cash equal to the product of (a) the
number of shares of stock issuable upon exercise of the option multiplied by (b)
the amount by which $4.35 exceeds the exercise price per share payable under the
option.

         Only the holders of record of our common stock at the close of business
on _______ __, 2003, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special
meeting and any adjournment thereof.

         We urge you to read the accompanying proxy statement carefully as it
contains details of the proposed merger and other important information related
to the merger.

                       By Order of the Board of Directors

                                  Drew Karazin
                                    Secretary

Blue Bell, Pennsylvania
___________ __, 2003

                                    IMPORTANT
         WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO BE PRESENT AT THE MEETING, PLEASE MARK,
DATE AND SIGN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURN IT IN THE ENVELOPE THAT HAS
BEEN PROVIDED. NO POSTAGE IS REQUIRED FOR MAILING IN THE UNITED STATES. IN THE
EVENT YOU ARE ABLE TO ATTEND THE MEETING, YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR PROXY AND VOTE
YOUR SHARES IN PERSON.

                                

                                                                                                              Page
                                                                                                              ----

SUMMARY TERM SHEET........................................................................................

QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MERGER................................................................................

THE SPECIAL MEETING.......................................................................................

     General..............................................................................................

     Date, Time and Place.................................................................................

     Matters to be Considered at the Special Meeting......................................................

     Record Date .........................................................................................

     Quorum, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes.............................................................

     Voting Rights; Votes Required for Approval...........................................................

     Proxies..............................................................................................

     How to Vote..........................................................................................

     Expenses of the Proxy Solicitation...................................................................

     Dissenters' Rights...................................................................................

THE COMPANIES.............................................................................................

     Bionx Implants, Inc..................................................................................

     CONMED Corporation...................................................................................

     Arrow Merger Corporation.............................................................................

THE MERGER................................................................................................

     Background of the Merger.............................................................................

     Recommendations of Our Board of Directors; Our Purpose and Reasons for the Merger....................

     Opinion of Our Financial Advisor.....................................................................

     Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger that Differ From Your Interests...........................

     Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences...............................................

     Anticipated Accounting Treatment of the Merger.......................................................

     Regulatory Approvals Relating to the Merger..........................................................

     Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger...........................................................

     Payment of Cash for Our Securities...................................................................

     Payment of Cash for Our Stock Options................................................................

                                      -i-

     Delisting of Our Common Stock After the Merger.......................................................

     Financing for the Merger.............................................................................

     Past Contacts, Transactions or Negotiations..........................................................

THE MERGER AGREEMENT......................................................................................

     Structure............................................................................................

     Effective Time of the Merger.........................................................................

     Surrender and Exchange of Share Certificates.........................................................

     Treatment of Stock Options...........................................................................

     Representations and Warranties.......................................................................

     Conduct of Business Prior to the Merger..............................................................

     Access to Information................................................................................

     Notification of Developments.........................................................................

     Agreement Not to Solicit Other Offers................................................................

     Reasonable Efforts...................................................................................

     Public Announcements.................................................................................

     Employee Benefits....................................................................................

     Conditions Precedent.................................................................................

     Termination..........................................................................................

     Amendments...........................................................................................

     Extension and Waiver.................................................................................

     Fees and Expenses....................................................................................

     Voting Agreement.....................................................................................

STOCK OWNERSHIP BY MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS..................................................

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS................................................................................

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS..............................................................................

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.......................................................................

LIST OF ANNEXES

Annex A           Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 13, 2003,
                  by and among Bionx Implants, Inc., CONMED Corporation
                  and Arrow Merger Corporation

Annex B           Voting Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2003, by and among
                  CONMED Corporation and the persons named therein.

Annex C           Fairness Opinion, dated January 12, 2003, issued by U.S.
                  Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc.

                                      -ii-

                              BIONX IMPLANTS, INC.
                            1777 Sentry Parkway West
                             Gwynedd Hall, Suite 400
                          Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422

                                -----------------

                                 PROXY STATEMENT
                      FOR A SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                         To Be Held __________ ___, 2003

         A Special Meeting of Stockholders of Bionx Implants, Inc. will be held
at Bionx Implants' corporate headquarters, 1777 Sentry Parkway West, Gwynedd
Hall, Suite 400, Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422 on _________, ________ ___, 2003
at 9:00 a.m., local time. Our board of directors is soliciting the enclosed
proxy. It is anticipated that this proxy statement and the accompanying proxy
card will first be mailed to holders of our common stock on or about ________
__, 2003.

         Except as otherwise specifically noted, "Bionx," "we," "our," "us" and
similar words in this proxy statement refer to Bionx Implants, Inc. and its
subsidiaries including, in some cases, after giving effect to the proposed
merger.

                               SUMMARY TERM SHEET

         The following summary, together with the question and answer section
that follows, provides an overview of the transactions discussed in this proxy
statement and presented in the attached annexes. The summary also contains
cross-references to the more detailed discussions elsewhere in the proxy
statement. You should carefully read this entire proxy statement and the
attached annexes in their entirety.

The Companies (page __)

         Bionx Implants, Inc.

         Based in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, Bionx develops and manufactures
self-reinforced, resorbable polymer implants including screws, pins, and
meniscal implants for use in a variety of orthopedic applications including
sports medicine and fracture fixation. In 2001, Bionx recorded revenues of $18.9
million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2002, Bionx's revenues were
$13.6 million.

         CONMED Corporation

         CONMED is a medical technology company specializing in instruments,
implants, and video equipment for arthroscopic sports medicine, and powered
surgical instruments, such as drills and saws, for orthopedic, ENT,
neuro-surgery, and other surgical specialties. CONMED is also a leading
developer, manufacturer and supplier of RF electrosurgery systems used routinely
to cut and cauterize tissue in nearly all types of surgical procedures
worldwide, and endoscopy products such as trocars, clip appliers, scissors, and
surgical staplers. CONMED offers integrated operating room design and intensive
care unit service managers. CONMED also manufactures and sells a full line of
ECG electrodes for heart monitoring and other patient care products.
Headquartered in Utica, New York, CONMED's 2,500 employees distribute its
products worldwide from ten manufacturing locations.

         Arrow Merger Corporation

         Arrow Merger Corporation is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CONMED,
incorporated by CONMED in January 2003 solely for the purpose of merging with
Bionx.

Overview of the Transaction (page __)

         We have entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger, dated
as of January 13, 2003 (the "merger agreement"), by and among CONMED, Arrow
Merger Corporation and Bionx. Under the agreement, Arrow Merger Corporation will
be merged with and into Bionx and CONMED will own all of our capital stock.
Bionx will be the surviving legal entity in the merger.

Recommendation of the Board of Directors (pages __ through __)

         Our board of directors has determined that the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger and the merger
consideration, are fair to, and in the best interests of, us and our
stockholders, and recommends that our stockholders vote FOR the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. To review
the background and reasons for the transactions in detail, see "The
Merger--Recommendations of Our Board of Directors; Our Purpose and Reasons for
the Merger" beginning on page __.

Opinion of Our Financial Advisor (pages __ through __)

         When it approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, our board of directors received the written opinion of U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray Inc., our financial advisor, that, as of the date of that opinion,
and based upon and subject to the matters and various assumptions stated in that
opinion, the $4.35 per share in cash to be received by our common stockholders
pursuant to the merger agreement was fair to our common stockholders from a
financial point of view.

         U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray provided its advisory services and its
opinion for the information and assistance of our board of directors in
connection with its consideration of the merger. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's
opinion is not a recommendation as to how any stockholder should vote at the
special meeting. The full text of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's written opinion
is attached to this proxy statement as Annex C. You are encouraged to read this
opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the assumptions made,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken.

Terms of the Merger Agreement (pages __ through __)

         The merger agreement is attached to this proxy statement as Annex A.
You should read the merger agreement carefully. Our board of directors has
approved the merger agreement, and it is the binding legal agreement that
governs the terms of the merger.

         Structure

         Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, Arrow Merger
Corporation, CONMED's wholly-owned subsidiary, will be merged with and into
Bionx. Following the merger, the separate existence of Arrow Merger Corporation
will cease and Bionx will continue as the surviving corporation as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of CONMED.

         At the effective time of the merger, each issued and outstanding share
of our common stock will be converted automatically into the right to receive
$4.35 in cash.

         In connection with the merger, we have agreed to cancel our outstanding
common stock options prior to the effective time and to pay to the holder of
each option an amount of cash equal to the product of (a) the number of shares
of stock issuable upon exercise of the option multiplied by (b) the amount by
which $4.35 exceeds the exercise price per share payable under the option.

         Conditions Precedent

         The completion of the merger depends on the satisfaction of a number of
conditions, including conditions relating to the:

         o    adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions
              contemplated thereby by our stockholders;
         o    absence of legal prohibitions to the completion of the merger;
         o    receipt of required consents; and
         o    accuracy of our and CONMED's representations and warranties and
              compliance by both parties with their covenants.

                                       -2-

        Termination

         We and CONMED may terminate the merger agreement by mutual consent. In
addition, the merger agreement may be terminated and the merger may be abandoned
at any time prior to the completion of the merger:

          o    by us, if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty
               covenant or agreement made by CONMED or Arrow Merger Corporation
               in the merger agreement, or any such representation and warranty
               shall have become untrue after the date of the merger agreement
               such that certain conditions precedent to the merger relating to
               the truth and accuracy of such representations and warranties
               would not be satisfied and such breach or condition is not
               curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after written
               notice is given;

          o    by CONMED, if our board of directors withdraws or adversely
               modifies in any material respect its approval or recommendation
               of the merger agreement or fails to reconfirm its recommendation
               in favor of the merger agreement within five business days after
               a written request by CONMED to do so, there has been a breach of
               any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by us in
               the merger agreement, or any such representation and warranty
               shall have become untrue after the date of the merger agreement
               such that certain conditions precedent to the merger relating to
               the truth and accuracy of such representations and warranties
               would not be satisfied and such breach or condition is not
               curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after written
               notice is given or we or any of our affiliates, representatives
               or agents take any action that is proscribed by the
               non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement;

          o    by either party if the merger is not completed on or before July
               31, 2003, but a party may not terminate the merger agreement if
               its failure to fulfill any of its obligations under the merger
               agreement has been the cause of the merger not being completed by
               that date;

          o    by either party if our stockholders do not adopt the merger
               agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby by the
               requisite vote; or

         o    by either party if any governmental authority or court has taken
              any action prohibiting the transactions contemplated by the merger
              agreement.

         We must pay a termination fee of $2.5 million to CONMED and reimburse
CONMED for its out-of-pocket expenses (excluding investment banking fees) if:

         o    CONMED terminates the merger agreement because our board of
              directors withdraws or adversely modifies in any material respect
              its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement or fails to
              reconfirm its recommendation in favor of the merger agreement
              within five business days after a written request by CONMED to do
              so; or

         o    CONMED terminates the merger agreement because we, or any of our
              affiliates, representatives or agents take any action that is
              proscribed by the non-solicitation provisions of the merger
              agreement.

         Survival of Representations and Warranties

         None of our or CONMED's representations and warranties made in the
merger agreement will survive the closing of the merger.

         Agreement Not to Solicit Other Offers

         We have agreed not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit,
encourage or otherwise facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal or
offer with respect to any merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation,
or similar transaction involving, or any purchase of, all or 25% or more of the
assets or 25% or more of any equity securities of Bionx or any of our
subsidiaries. We have also agreed that neither we nor our employees, agents or
representatives will engage in any negotiations or provide any confidential
information to or have any discussions with any person other than CONMED
relating to such a transaction. In addition, we have agreed to notify CONMED
immediately if we receive any such offers or proposals.

                                      -3-

Voting Agreement (page __)

         Persons (including certain of our directors and executive officers)
who, in the aggregate, control the voting power over 51.23% of the shares of our
common stock (or 5,519,403 shares), are parties to a voting agreement, dated as
of January 13, 2003, pursuant to which they have agreed to vote all of the
shares of our common stock over which they have voting power in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the merger, and against any similar alternative proposal or offer with
respect to a transaction with a party other than CONMED. The voting agreement
terminates upon the earliest to occur of (i) the termination of the merger
agreement, (ii) the effective time of the merger and (iii) January 13, 2004. A
copy of the voting agreement is included in this proxy statement as Annex B.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger (page __ through __)

         Some members of our board of directors and certain of our key employees
have interests in the merger that may differ from your interests as a holder of
our common stock, and that may present, or appear to present, a conflict of
interest. For example, certain of our key employees will receive severance
payments and "stay bonuses" upon completion of the merger.

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences (page __)

         The merger will be a taxable transaction to our stockholders. For
United States federal income tax purposes, our stockholders will generally
recognize gain or loss in the merger in an amount determined by the difference
between the cash they receive for their shares of our stock and their tax basis
in our stock. Because determining the tax consequences of the merger can be
complicated, we advise that our stockholders should consult their own tax
advisors in order to understand fully how the merger will affect them.

Anticipated Accounting Treatment (pages __)

         The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. Under this method of accounting, the purchase price will be
allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated
fair values.

Regulatory Approvals (page __)

         We are not aware of any federal or state regulatory requirements that
must be complied with or approvals that must be obtained to consummate the
merger, other than the filing of articles of merger with the Department of State
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the filing of this proxy statement with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Dissenters' Rights (page _)

         Under Pennsylvania law, our stockholders are not entitled to
dissenters' appraisal rights with respect to the proposed merger.

                                      -4-

                           QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MERGER

Why am I receiving this proxy statement and proxy card?

         You are receiving a proxy statement and proxy card because you own
shares of common stock of Bionx Implants, Inc. This proxy statement describes
the issue on which we would like you, as a stockholder, to vote. It also gives
you information on this issue so that you can make an informed decision.

What am I voting on?

         You are being asked to consider and vote to adopt the merger agreement
we entered into with CONMED and Arrow Merger Corporation to combine the
companies. As a result of the merger, Arrow Merger Corporation will be merged
with and into Bionx, CONMED will own all of our capital stock and our common
stock will no longer be traded on The Nasdaq National Market System or
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

What will I received for my shares of Bionx common stock if the merger is
completed?

         You will receive $4.35 in cash, without interest, for each share of our
common stock that you own immediately before the merger.

What will I receive for my stock options if the merger is completed?

         In connection with the merger, we have agreed to cancel our outstanding
common stock options prior to the effective time and to pay to the holder of
each option an amount of cash equal to the product of (a) the number of shares
of stock issuable upon exercise of the option multiplied by (b) the amount by
which $4.35 exceeds the exercise price per share payable under the option.

What vote is required to adopt the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby?

         For the merger to occur, the merger agreement must be adopted by
holders of a majority of the votes cast at the special meeting by holders of our
common stock. As a condition to the signing of the merger agreement, CONMED
required persons (including certain of our directors and executive officers)
having voting power with respect to approximately 51% of our common stock to
enter into a voting agreement. They have agreed to vote the common stock over
which they have voting power in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger. Therefore, you
should expect that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby will be adopted at the special meeting regardless of the votes of any
other stockholders. For additional information regarding the voting agreement,
please see page __.

When do you expect the merger to be completed?

         We plan to complete the merger as soon as possible after the special
meeting, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions to the
transactions, which are described in this proxy statement. We cannot predict
when, or if, these conditions will be satisfied or waived.

What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger?

         Your receipt of cash in exchange for your shares of our capital stock
will be a taxable transaction to you. We urge you to consult your own tax
advisors to determine the effect of the merger on you under federal law, and
under your own state and local tax laws.

Why is the board of directors recommending adoption of the merger?

         Following its consideration of a number of factors, including the
opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray as to the fairness of the merger, from a
financial point of view, to our common stockholders, our board unanimously
determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the merger consideration and the merger, are advisable and fair to and
in the best interests of our stockholders. Our board therefore recommends that
you vote "FOR" adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby.

                                      -5-

Does CONMED have the financial resources to pay for the common stock?

         The aggregate consideration payable to our stockholders in the merger
is approximately $46.9 million. CONMED has advised us that it has the resources
to fund the consideration to be paid to the holders of our common stock in the
merger. There is no financing condition to the consummation of the merger.

How do I vote?

         You may cast your vote in either of the following ways:

         o by completing the accompanying proxy card and returning it in the
           enclosed envelope; or

         o by appearing and voting in person at the special meeting.

         If your shares are held in "street name," which means that your shares
are held in the name of a bank, broker or other financial institution instead of
in your own name, you must either direct the financial institution as to how to
vote your shares or obtain a proxy from the financial institution to vote at the
special meeting.

May I change my vote?

         You may change your vote by following any of these procedures:

         If you are a stockholder "of record," meaning that your shares are
registered in your name, then in order for you to revoke your proxy, you must do
one of the following before the vote is taken at the special meeting:

         o    send written notice revoking your proxy to our Corporate
              Secretary at 1777 Sentry Parkway West, Gwynedd Hall, Suite 400,
              Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422;

         o    sign and return another proxy with a later date; or

         o    vote in person at the special meeting.

         If you are not a holder of record but you are a "beneficial holder,"
meaning that your shares are registered in another name (for example, in "street
name"), you must follow the procedures required by the holder of record, which
is usually a brokerage firm, bank or other financial institution, to revoke a
proxy. You should contact the holder of record directly for more information on
these procedures.

         In any event, you may not change your vote or revoke your proxy after
the vote is taken at the special meeting.

How do I vote in person?

         If you plan to attend the special meeting and wish to vote in person,
we will give you a ballot when you arrive. If your shares are held in "street
name," you must bring an account statement or letter from the brokerage firm or
bank showing that you were the beneficial owner of the shares on ________ __,
2003, the record date for determining which of our stockholders are entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting, in order to be admitted to the
special meeting. In addition, if you want to vote your shares that are held in
street name, you must obtain a "legal proxy" from the holder of record and
present it at the special meeting.

Should I send in my stock certificates now?

         No, you should not send us your stock certificates prior to the merger.
If the merger is completed, you will receive written instructions for exchanging
your stock certificates for cash.

                                      -6-

Who can help answer my questions about the transactions?

         If you have additional questions about these transactions, you should
contact Drew Karazin, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, at
215-643-5000, extension 112.

                               THE SPECIAL MEETING
General

         This proxy statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation
of proxies from the holders of our common stock by our board of directors for
use at a special meeting of our stockholders and any adjournment or postponement
of that meeting.

         This proxy statement is first being mailed to our stockholders on or
about _________, 2003.

Date, Time and Place

         Our special meeting will be held be held on _______, ________ __, 2003
at 9:00 a.m., local time, at our corporate headquarters, 1777 Sentry Parkway
West, Gwynedd Hall, Suite 400, Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422.

Matters to be Considered at the Special Meeting

         At the special meeting, the holders of our common stock will be asked
to consider and vote upon a proposal recommended by our board of directors to
adopt the agreement and plan of merger, dated as of January 13, 2003, by and
among Bionx, CONMED, and Arrow Merger Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
CONMED, and the transactions contemplated thereby.

Record Date

         Our board of directors has fixed the close of business on __________
__, 2003, as the record date for the special meeting. Only persons who are
stockholders as of the record date are entitled to vote. As of the record date,
_______ shares of common stock were issued, outstanding, and entitled to vote at
the special meeting.

Quorum, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

         A majority of our outstanding shares of common stock as of the record
date, equal to ________ shares, must be present at the meeting either in person
or by proxy in order to hold the meeting and conduct business. This is called a
quorum. Abstentions and broker non-votes (meaning proxies submitted by brokers
as holders of record on behalf of their customers that do not indicate how to
vote on the proposal) are also considered part of the quorum.

Voting Rights; Votes Required for Approval

         Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter
considered at the meeting. The adoption of the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the votes cast, in person or by proxy, at the special meeting. Abstentions and
broker non-votes are only counted for the purpose of determining whether a
quorum is present. For purposes of determining the votes cast with respect to a
matter presented at the special meeting, only those votes cast "FOR" or
"AGAINST" are included.

         Persons who control, in the aggregate, the voting power over 51% of our
common stock are parties to a voting agreement, dated January 13, 2003, pursuant
to which they have agreed to vote all of the shares of common stock over which
they have voting power in favor of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger. As a result of the voting agreement,
stockholder approval of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby is assured. A copy of the voting agreement is included in this proxy
statement as Annex B.

                                      -7-

Proxies

         We request that our stockholders complete, date and sign the
accompanying proxy card and promptly return it in the accompanying envelope. If
you receive more than one proxy card, it means that you have multiple accounts
at the transfer agent and/or with brokers. Please sign and return all proxy
cards to ensure that all your shares are voted.

         If your shares are held in street name, your brokerage firm may vote
your shares under certain circumstances. These circumstances include certain
"routine" matters, such as the election of directors, but do not include other
matters, including adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby. Accordingly, it is important that you provide voting
instructions to your broker if your shares are held in street name. Brokers will
provide instructions to beneficial owners on how to direct the broker to vote
the shares. Broker non-votes (meaning proxies submitted by brokers as holders of
record on behalf of their customers that do not indicate how to vote on the
proposal), as well as abstentions, are counted for purposes of establishing a
quorum but will not be deemed to be a vote cast for purposes of determining the
number of votes cast for or against the proposal.

         All properly executed proxies that we receive prior to the vote at the
special meeting, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the
instructions indicated on the proxies. If no direction is indicated (other than
broker non-votes) on a signed proxy card, your proxy will be voted FOR the
proposal described in this proxy statement. Our board of directors does not
currently intend to bring any other business before the special meeting and our
board of directors is not aware of any other matters to be brought before the
special meeting. If other business properly comes before the special meeting,
the proxies will be voted in accordance with the judgment of the proxy holders.

         If you are a stockholder "of record," meaning that your shares are
registered in your name, then in order for you to revoke your proxy, you must do
one of the following before the vote is taken at the special meeting:

         o    send written notice revoking your proxy to our Corporate
              Secretary at 1777 Sentry Parkway West, Gwynedd Hall, Suite 400,
              Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422;

         o    sign and return another proxy with a later date; or

         o    vote in person at the special meeting.

         If you are not a holder of record but you are a "beneficial holder,"
meaning that your shares are registered in another name (for example, in "street
name"), you must follow the procedures required by the holder of record, which
is usually a brokerage firm, bank or other financial institutions, to revoke a
proxy. You should contact the holder of record directly for more information on
these procedures.

         In any event, you may not change your vote or revoke your proxy after
the vote is taken at the special meeting.

How to Vote

         You may vote by mail. You do this by signing your proxy card and
mailing it in the enclosed, prepaid and addressed envelope. If you mark your
voting instructions on the proxy card, your shares will be voted as you
instruct. You may vote "FOR," "AGAINST" or "ABSTAIN" with respect to the merger
proposal. A properly executed proxy marked "ABSTAIN" will not be voted, although
it will be counted for purposes of determining whether there is a quorum. If you
just sign your proxy card with no further instructions, your shares will be
counted as a vote "FOR" the merger proposal.

         You may vote in person at the special meeting. Written ballots will be
passed out to stockholders who wish to vote at the meeting. If you hold your
shares in street name through a broker or other nominee, you must request a
legal proxy from your stockbroker in order to vote at the meeting.

Expenses of the Proxy Solicitation

         Bionx will bear the entire cost of solicitation of proxies, including
preparation, assembly, printing and mailing of this proxy statement, the proxy
and any additional information furnished to stockholders.

                                      -8-

         Copies of solicitation materials will be furnished to banks, brokerage
houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding in their names shares of common stock
beneficially owned by others to forward to these beneficial owners. We may
reimburse persons representing beneficial owners of common stock for their costs
of forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Original
solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, telegram of
personal solicitation by our directors, officers or other regular employees. No
additional compensation will be paid to directors, officers or other regular
employees for their services.

Dissenters' Rights

         Bionx is a Pennsylvania corporation. Under Pennsylvania law, our
stockholders will not have appraisal rights, sometimes referred to as
"dissenters' rights", in connection with the merger.

                                  THE COMPANIES

Bionx Implants, Inc.

         Based in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, Bionx develops and manufactures
self-reinforced, resorbable polymer implants including screws, pins, and
meniscal implants for use in a variety of orthopedic applications including
sports medicine and fracture fixation. In 2001, Bionx recorded revenues of $18.9
million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2002, Bionx's revenues were
$13.6 million.

         Bionx Implants, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1996 and
reincorporated in Pennsylvania in 1999. The mailing address of our principal
executive offices is 1777 Sentry Parkway West, Gwynedd Hall, Suite 400, Blue
Bell, Pennsylvania 19422; telephone: 215-643-5000.

CONMED Corporation

         CONMED is a medical technology company specializing in instruments,
implants, and video equipment for arthroscopic sports medicine, and powered
surgical instruments, such as drills and saws, for orthopedic, ENT,
neuro-surgery, and other surgical specialties. CONMED is also a leading
developer, manufacturer and supplier of RF electrosurgery systems used routinely
to cut and cauterize tissue in nearly all types of surgical procedures
worldwide, and endoscopy products such as trocars, clip appliers, scissors, and
surgical staplers. CONMED offers integrated operating room design and intensive
care unit service managers. CONMED also manufactures and sells a full line of
ECG electrodes for heart monitoring and other patient care products.
Headquartered in Utica, New York, CONMED's 2,500 employees distribute its
products worldwide from ten manufacturing locations.

         CONMED Corporation is a New York corporation incorporated on February
5, 1970. The mailing address of CONMED's principal executive offices is 525
French Road, Utica, New York 13502; telephone: 315-797-8375.

Arrow Merger Corporation

         Arrow Merger Corporation is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CONMED, which
was incorporated in January 2003 solely for the purpose of merging with Bionx.
The mailing address of Arrow Merger Corporation's principal executive offices is
c/o CONMED Corporation, 525 French Road, Utica, New York 13502; telephone:
315-797-8375.

                                   THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

         As a result of the competitive environment in which Bionx operates, and
the fact that many of our competitors have larger operations, are better
capitalized and have stronger distribution channels for their products than we
do, during the second half of 2001 and during 2002, our management decided to
evaluate different strategic alternatives for Bionx. We explored a number of
alternatives, including various licensing arrangements, a roll-up of similarly
situated companies in our industry, a leveraged buy-out and a business
combination or sale of the company, all with the goal of maximizing stockholder
value.

                                      -9-

         In October 2001, we engaged U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray as our financial
advisor for the purpose of advising management concerning this strategic review.
Between November 2001 and March 2002, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray contacted 36
companies to discuss a possible business transaction with Bionx. Of the
companies contacted, 18 expressed an interest in receiving information about
Bionx and a confidential offering memorandum was sent to each of them. Five of
those companies, including CONMED, provided written indications of interest.
Management presentations were made to four companies, including CONMED. Bionx,
through U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, continued to negotiate with several of the
companies who had expressed an interest in pursuing a business transaction with
Bionx, but no agreement was reached.

         In September 2002, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray received an indication of
interest from another potential acquiror (the "Second Potential Acquiror").
Representatives of Bionx met with representatives of the Second Potential
Acquiror in September and October 2002.

         In November 2002, the Second Potential Acquiror expressed an interest
in Bionx at a per share price of $3.00 to $3.50. The board rejected the offer
as too low. Later in November 2002, the Second Potential Acquiror increased its
offer to $3.75 per share. Also in November 2002, representatives of CONMED
contacted Bionx and indicated an interest in submitting a bid to acquire the
company.

         On December 5, 2002, Bionx received an offer from CONMED for a cash
merger at a price of $4.00 per share. On December 9, 2002, Bionx received an
offer from the Second Potential Acquiror for a stock and cash merger at a price
of $3.75 per share. At management's request, representatives of U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray contacted the Second Potential Acquiror's investment banker and
asked for the Second Potential Acquiror's best price. On December 12, 2002, U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray was informed that the Second Potential Acquiror would not
raise its price.

         During a telephone board meeting on December 13, 2002, in which Bionx's
legal and financial advisors also participated, Bionx's board authorized Bionx
to enter into an exclusivity agreement with CONMED, as CONMED had requested. On
December 13, 2002, CONMED and Bionx executed an exclusivity agreement pursuant
to which they agreed to negotiate a definitive agreement pertaining to a cash
merger. While Bionx had suggested that the exclusivity period end on December
31, 2002, CONMED wanted the exclusivity period to extend until January 13, 2003
to allow sufficient time to complete its due diligence and negotiate the merger.
The exclusivity agreement executed by the parties provided that the period of
exclusivity would extend until January 13, 2003.

         On December 17, 2002, Bionx received an unsolicited letter from the
Second Potential Acquiror indicating that it revised its offer to between $4.05
and $4.15 per share in cash.

         On December 18, 2002, the board of directors of Bionx conducted a
telephone meeting. Representatives from U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and
Lowenstein Sandler PC, counsel to Bionx, participated in the meeting. The board
reviewed the text of the exclusivity letter with CONMED and the letter from the
Second Potential Acquiror. The exclusivity letter with CONMED expressly stated
that Bionx would be entitled to negotiate with a third party if the third party
submitted an unsolicited proposal that the board reasonably determined would be
a superior proposal. The board, after discussion and with the advice of its
advisors, concluded that the Second Potential Acquiror's proposal was a superior
proposal, given the higher cash purchase price.

         On the following day, December 19, 2002, representatives of Bionx
advised representatives of CONMED that Bionx had received an unsolicited
proposal which, in the board's view, constituted a superior proposal. Bionx
therefore advised CONMED that Bionx would be negotiating with the Second
Potential Acquiror in addition to CONMED, without identifying the Second
Potential Acquiror or the price. Representatives of Bionx advised CONMED that
they still expected to complete the process by January 13, 2003.

         On the same date, representatives of Bionx contacted representatives of
the Second Potential Acquiror and indicated that Bionx would proceed to
negotiate with the Second Potential Acquiror. The Second Potential Acquiror,
like CONMED, was advised that the target date for signing the definitive
agreement was no later than January 13, 2003.

                                      -10-

         On December 19, 2002, Lowenstein Sandler PC circulated a draft
definitive agreement to both the Second Potential Acquiror and CONMED. Upon
receiving the draft, and before commenting on it, representatives of CONMED
indicated that they desired to accelerate the signing of a definitive agreement.

         On December 23, 2002, Bionx received from CONMED a mark-up of the
definitive agreement. CONMED's mark-up reflected a $4.00 per share price. On
December 27, 2002, Bionx responded by sending to CONMED a revised merger
agreement reflecting some, but not all, of the changes proposed by CONMED. Bionx
deleted all reference to the $4.00 price in its response to CONMED.

         On January 2, 2003, CONMED advised Bionx that CONMED had completed its
due diligence and wanted to be in a position to have the definitive agreement
executed by January 8, 2003.

         Although the Second Potential Acquiror was proceeding with due
diligence, by January 2, 2003, the Second Potential Acquiror still had not
provided a mark-up of the draft merger agreement initially circulated on
December 19, 2002. On January 2, 2003, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Lowenstein
Sandler PC and Gerard S. Carlozzi, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Bionx, made separate calls to the Second Potential Acquiror's representatives
indicating the importance of the Second Potential Acquiror providing a written
response to the draft merger agreement. On January 2, 2003, representatives of
the Second Potential Acquiror's investment banker advised U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray that the Second Potential Acquiror would submit a written mark-up of the
agreement on January 3, 2003, and would be prepared to meet to negotiate that
agreement shortly thereafter.

         On January 3, 2003, representatives of CONMED and Bionx's chief
executive officer and their respective counsel conducted a telephone meeting in
which CONMED expressed its concerns regarding the draft merger agreement
provided by Bionx on December 27, 2002. Specifically, the participants on the
telephone conference discussed CONMED's desire to obtain irrevocable proxies
from the principal stockholders of Bionx to vote in favor of the merger.
Lowenstein Sandler PC indicated that there were significant difficulties in
allowing the principal stockholders to sign irrevocable proxies. Lowenstein
Sandler PC's statements were based on advice it had received from Pennsylvania
counsel that it would be problematic to grant irrevocable proxies to CONMED at
that time, as CONMED was the lower bidder. CONMED's representatives expressed
disappointment with this position stating that it was not interested in pursuing
a transaction unless CONMED had obtained irrevocable proxies from the principal
stockholders of Bionx to vote in favor of the merger. Subsequent to the
conference call, CONMED's representatives notified Bionx that they would cease
all negotiations unless, by 5:00 p.m. on January 3, 2003, Bionx advised CONMED
that (a) the principal stockholders of Bionx would be prepared to give
irrevocable proxies to vote in favor of the proposed merger and (b) its board
was prepared to commit to have the definitive agreement signed by Monday,
January 6, 2003. After consultation with representatives of Lowenstein Sandler
PC and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, Bionx concluded that it would not agree to
CONMED's conditions while it was also entertaining a superior proposal.

         On January 3, 2003, Bionx advised the Second Potential Acquiror that if
it received the Second Potential Acquiror's mark-up on January 3, 2003, it would
be prepared to discuss the Second Potential Acquiror's mark-up in a telephone
meeting on Sunday, January 5, 2003 and, if matters could not be resolved to the
parties' satisfaction on that date, to schedule a face-to-face meeting with the
Second Potential Acquiror on Tuesday, January 7, 2003.

         During the evening of January 3, 2003, the Second Potential Acquiror
delivered to Bionx a revised merger agreement and a form of stockholder support
agreement.

         On January 5, 2003, conference calls were conducted with
representatives of the Second Potential Acquiror and Bionx and their respective
legal and financial advisors. They discussed the issue of stockholder
irrevocable proxies. The Second Potential Acquiror's counsel indicated that the
Second Potential Acquiror would not be interested in pursuing a transaction if
it did not receive irrevocable proxies from the principal stockholders. The
parties also negotiated various other issues raised by the mark-up received from
the Second Potential Acquiror on January 3, 2003. At the conclusion of the
meeting, it was agreed that the parties would meet in person at Lowenstein
Sandler PC's offices on January 7, 2003. A potential timetable was developed,
assuming that the parties were in agreement on substantive issues. Under that
timetable, it was contemplated that a definitive agreement would be executed on
or about January 13, 2003.

                                      -11-

         On January 6, 2003, Lowenstein Sandler PC circulated a marked draft of
the merger agreement to representatives of Bionx and the Second Potential
Acquiror. The draft did not respond to the principal deal protection provisions
proposed by the Second Potential Acquiror, noting instead that such issues
remained open for further consideration. During this time, the Second Potential
Acquiror was proceeding with its due diligence.

         Also on January 6, 2003, a representative of Bionx and a representative
of CONMED had a conversation and decided that the parties' lawyers should
discuss the alternatives to irrevocable proxies from stockholders so that CONMED
could assess whether such alternatives were viable for CONMED.

         During the evening of January 6, 2003, the Bionx board conducted a
meeting to discuss the status of the negotiations.

         On January 7, 2003, Gerard S. Carlozzi and Bionx's legal and financial
advisors received a letter from CONMED confirming that its December 5, 2002
offer letter was withdrawn and confirming that, based on advice from CONMED's
Pennsylvania counsel, obtaining irrevocable proxies from the principal
stockholders of Bionx to vote in favor of the merger was permissible under
Pennsylvania law and informing Bionx of the basis under Pennsylvania law for
this position.

         Also on January 7, 2003, representatives of the Second Potential
Acquiror and its financial and legal advisors held a negotiating session at
Lowenstein Sandler PC's offices with representatives of Bionx and its financial
and legal advisors.

         On January 8, 2003, the Bionx board met again by telephone conference
call. Representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Lowenstein Sandler PC
also participated. The purpose of the meeting was to review negotiating
strategies regarding certain deal protection issues. The board directed its
advisors to indicate to the Second Potential Acquiror that Bionx was seeking a
price of at least $4.45 per share before they would agree to irrevocable proxies
from the principal stockholders. Upon completion of that meeting, Bionx's
financial and legal advisors communicated those views to the Second Potential
Acquiror and its advisors.

         On January 9, 2003, Bionx responded to CONMED's January 7, 2003 letter
withdrawing its offer. Shortly after CONMED received that letter, a
representative of CONMED contacted Gerard S. Carlozzi and indicated that CONMED
was, notwithstanding its withdrawal of its offer, willing to continue to discuss
a potential business combination with deal protection, in the form of voting
agreements without a fiduciary out or a break-up fee, satisfactory to CONMED.

         On January 9, 2003, there were numerous discussions between Lowenstein
Sandler PC and the Second Potential Acquiror's counsel regarding deal protection
issues. Also on January 9, 2003, the Second Potential Acquiror's investment
banker advised U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray that the Second Potential Acquiror
rejected the opportunity for a transaction at $4.45 with irrevocable proxies and
was not prepared to increase its bid beyond the $4.05 to $4.15 range.
Concurrently, the Second Potential Acquiror's counsel made an alternate proposal
in which the stockholder agreement initially proposed by the Second Potential
Acquiror was reduced so that it would cover less than 50% of the outstanding
shares.

         On January 10, 2003, a representative of Needham and Co., CONMED's
financial advisor, contacted Terry Wall, the chairman of the board of Bionx and
its largest stockholder, and asked him what price CONMED would have to agree to
pay in order to assure that the stockholders would execute irrevocable proxies.
Mr. Wall stated that it would be necessary for CONMED to reach $4.45 per share.
CONMED, through its representatives at Needham, later responded to Terry Wall by
indicating that it would pay $4.35 per share provided that the board committed
on January 10, 2003 to sign, by January 11, 2003, a merger agreement that,
through a related voting agreement, would provide CONMED with irrevocable
proxies. CONMED's revised proposal, which had been approved by its board, was
not subject to due diligence and did not include any financing contingencies.

         On January 10, 2003, after the communication from CONMED's financial
advisor, Bionx advised the Second Potential Acquiror that it had received an
offer that exceeded the top of the Second Potential Acquiror's range. The Second
Potential Acquiror's investment banker and chief executive officer indicated to
Bionx that the Second Potential Acquiror was not in a position to increase its
bid at all on January 10, 2003, and that Bionx would be unable to obtain any
commitment from the Second Potential Acquiror until, at the earliest, the middle
of the following week. The Second Potential Acquiror advised Bionx that the
delay was occasioned by the Second Potential Acquiror's need to perform
additional financial due diligence in Finland. The Second Potential Acquiror's
representatives stated that it was conceivable that their price could increase
after that due diligence was completed, although they made it clear they could
give no assurance that there would be any increase in the price.

                                      -12-

         On January 10, 2003, at Bionx's request, CONMED's representatives
submitted to Bionx a revised merger agreement and resubmitted a voting agreement
previously supplied by CONMED to Bionx. After Bionx received those agreements,
during the evening on January 10, 2003, CONMED and Bionx negotiated a letter
governing the parties' negotiations over the period from January 10, 2003
through January 13, 2003. Prior to executing that agreement, Bionx's board
conducted a telephone meeting. At that meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
expressed its opinion that the price of $4.35 is fair to Bionx's stockholders
from a financial point of view as of that date. In light of the Second Potential
Acquiror's statements that it could give no assurance that it would ever
increase its price, the board decided to accept CONMED's offer, rather than risk
losing the transaction with CONMED. Since CONMED's price was the higher offer,
after consultation with Lowenstein Sandler PC, the principal stockholders of
Bionx agreed to sign irrevocable proxies in favor of the merger. The principal
stockholders were willing to execute irrevocable proxies based also in part on
the advice from Pennsylvania counsel that it would be permissible under
Pennsylvania law to execute irrevocable proxies in favor of the higher
bidder. The letter signed by the parties indicated that the board would accept
CONMED's $4.35 price, assuming that the parties reached agreement on the terms
of a merger agreement and voting agreement before the market opened on January
13, 2003. The letter also indicated that the obligations of the stockholders
under the voting agreement would not be subject to any "fiduciary outs".

         On January 11 and 12, 2003, representatives of Lowenstein Sandler PC,
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Gerard S. Carlozzi negotiated with
representatives of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, CONMED's outside legal counsel,
CONMED and its financial advisor to complete the merger agreement.

         On January 12, 2003, at a telephone meeting commencing at 9:00 p.m.,
the board of directors of Bionx approved the merger agreement and copies of the
voting agreement were executed by various stockholders. Subsequent to the
board's approval of the merger agreement and the approval of the voting
agreement by the stockholders party thereto, such agreements were executed by
the parties.

         On the morning of January 13, 2003, we issued a joint press release
with CONMED announcing the signing of the merger agreement and voting agreement.

Recommendations of Our Board of Directors; Our Purpose and Reasons for the
Merger

         In reaching the determination to approve the merger agreement and
recommend that our stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, our board of directors
consulted with financial and legal advisors and with our senior management and
considered a number of factors, including without limitation, the following
material factors:

     o    the belief by the board that $4.35 per common share was the highest
          price that CONMED would agree to pay or that could be obtained from
          any other source reasonably capable of consummating a transaction at
          the present time, basing its belief on a number of factors, including
          the fact that (a) intense negotiations had taken place between CONMED
          on the one hand, and the board's representatives, on the other hand,
          with respect to the merger consideration; (b) the board and its
          representatives had previously negotiated with other potential
          acquirors and CONMED equaled or bettered those proposals each time;
          and (c) the offer of $4.35 per share in cash was the best overall
          offer received;

     o    the merger consideration to be received by our common stockholders in
          the merger represents a premium of approximately 45% over our $3.00
          per share closing price on January 10, 2003, the last full trading day
          before our public announcement of the signing of the merger agreement;
          a premium of approximately 39% over our 30 trading day (ended on
          January 10, 2003) closing average of $3.13 per share; and a premium of
          approximately 61% over our 60 trading day (ended January 10, 2003)
          closing average of $2.70 per share;

     o    the volumes at which our common stock has traded in recent periods; in
          particular, the fact that the average daily trading volume of our
          common stock over the 52 weeks ended January 10, 2003 (the trading day
          immediately preceding the announcement of the signing of the merger
          agreement) was 12,000 shares; due to the small trading volume of our
          common stock, it is reasonable to assume that any effort by a
          stockholder to dispose of a significant number of shares would
          adversely affect the market price of our common stock;

     o    the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including provisions
          relating to or resulting in the exclusion from the calculation of the
          per share price to be received by our stockholders of all of our
          expenses incurred in connection with a successful transaction;

                                      -13-

     o    the ability of CONMED to complete the acquisition and to pay the
          merger consideration pursuant to the merger agreement, without any
          outside financing requirements;

     o    CONMED's experience in consummating acquisitions; and

     o    the written opinion of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to our board of
          directors, dated January 12, 2003, to the effect that, subject to the
          assumptions, matters considered and limitations contained in the
          opinion, as of that date, the consideration to be received by the
          holders of our common stock in the merger is fair to such holders from
          a financial point of view, and the financial presentation made to the
          board of directors by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray in connection with
          the delivery of the opinion. The full text of the opinion, which
          describes the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on
          the review undertaken by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray in connection with
          the opinion, is attached as Annex C and our stockholders are
          encouraged to read the opinion in its entirety.

         Our board of directors also considered the following potentially
negative factors in their deliberations concerning the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, which factors are not listed in any relative
order of importance:

     o    following the merger, our stockholders will cease to participate in
          any future earnings growth or increase in our value;

     o    the actual or potential conflicts of interest that certain of our
          officers and directors have in connection with the merger, including
          the severance arrangements applicable for certain of our executive
          officers. See "The Merger--Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger
          that Differ From Your Interests"; and

     o    the possibility that the merger will not be consummated and the
          resulting effects to us and to our stockholders.

         The foregoing discussion of the factors considered by our board of
directors in making the decision to approve the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby and to recommend that our stockholders vote to
adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby is not
meant to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered by our
board of directors to support its recommendation. In light of the number and
variety of factors that our board of directors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
our board of directors did not find it practicable to assign relative weights to
the foregoing factors, and, accordingly, our board of directors did not do so.
Rather, our board of directors based its recommendation on the totality of the
information presented to and considered by the board. In addition, individual
members of our board of directors may have given different weight to different
factors.

         OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS BELIEVES THAT THE MERGER IS ADVISABLE AND FAIR
TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, OUR STOCKHOLDERS. OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS
APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" ADOPTION OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.

Opinion of Our Financial Advisor

         We retained U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to act as our financial advisor,
and, if requested, to render to the board of directors an opinion as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by
the holders of our common stock in the transaction. We selected U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray as our financial advisor based on U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's
reputation, experience and familiarity with Bionx. As a customary part of its
investment banking business, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray is regularly engaged in
valuations of businesses and securities in connection with acquisitions and
mergers, underwritings, secondary distributions of securities, private
placements and valuations for other purposes.

         U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray delivered to our board of directors on
January 12, 2003 its written opinion, as of that date and based upon and subject
to the assumptions, factors and limitations set forth in the opinion and
described below, that the proposed consideration to be received in the merger by
holders of our common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of our common stock. A copy of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray's written opinion is attached to this document as Annex C
and is incorporated into this document by reference.

                                      -14-

         While U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray rendered its opinion and provided
certain analyses to the board of directors, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray was not
requested to and did not make any recommendation to the board of directors as to
the specific form or amount of the consideration to be received by the holders
of our common stock in the proposed merger. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's
opinion, which was directed to our board of directors, addresses only the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the proposed consideration payable
to the holders of our common stock in the proposed merger, does not address our
underlying business decision to proceed with or effect the merger or structure
thereof, or the relative merits of the merger compared to any alternative
business strategy or transaction in which we might engage and does not
constitute a recommendation to any of our stockholders as to how to vote in the
merger.

         In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's review
included:

          o    a draft dated January 12, 2003 of the merger agreement;

          o    certain publicly available financial, operating and business
               information related to Bionx;

          o    certain publicly available market and securities data of Bionx
               and of selected public companies deemed comparable to Bionx;

          o    to the extent publicly available, financial terms of certain
               acquisition transactions deemed comparable to the proposed
               merger; and

          o    certain internal financial information of Bionx prepared for
               financial planning purposes and furnished by its management.

         In addition, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray visited our headquarters and
conducted discussions with members of our senior management concerning the
financial condition, current operating results and business outlook for Bionx.

         The following is a summary of the material analyses and other
information that U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray prepared and relied on in delivering
its opinion to our board of directors:

Implied Consideration

         Giving effect to the $4.35 per share cash consideration and the
outstanding Bionx common shares and common share equivalents, U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray calculated the aggregate implied fully diluted equity value of the cash
consideration payable in the transaction for Bionx common stock to be
approximately $48.3 million (using the treasury stock method to value all stock
options). U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray also calculated the implied "enterprise
value" (equity value plus debt less cash) of Bionx to be approximately $44.4
million as of January 12, 2003.

Market Analysis

         U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed the stock trading history of Bionx
common stock at the dates or for the periods indicated below:

          Closing price on January 10, 2003........................$3.00
          30 trading day closing average...........................$3.13
          60 trading day closing average...........................$2.70
          26 week high closing price...............................$4.50
          26 week low closing price................................$1.54
          52 week high closing price...............................$5.65
          52 week low closing price................................$1.54

Comparable Company Analysis

         U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared financial information and valuation
ratios relating to Bionx to corresponding data and ratios from sixteen publicly
traded companies deemed comparable to Bionx. Two groups of eight companies each
were selected from companies in the medical technology industry: medical
technology companies focused on orthopedics (the Orthopedic Group) and medical
technology companies with market capitalizations between $20 million and $75
million (the Micro-Cap Medical Technology Group).

                                      -15-

This analysis produced multiples of selected valuation data as follows:

                Orthopedic Group
                ----------------
                                                   Bionx (1)                       Selected Companies
                                                   --------                        ------------------
                                                                     Low           Mean         Median        High
                                                                     ---           ----         ------        ----

Enterprise value                                    $44.4          $48.8        $185.1         $134.5      $430.0
2002 revenue growth                                  (2.3%)          5.6%         13.7%          13.6%       23.2%
2003 revenue growth                                  19.7%           3.7%         15.3%          14.8%       24.0%
Enterprise value to latest twelve months              2.4x           0.8x          2.1x           2.0x        4.0x
revenue
Enterprise value to 2003 revenue                      2.0x           0.8x          1.7x           1.5x        3.0x
Enterprise value to latest twelve months             76.5x           6.1x         16.4x          18.0x       22.9x
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization
Calendar 2003 price to earnings ratio                32.5x          14.0x         20.1x          20.2x       23.7x

- -------------
(1) Based on $4.35 per share consideration.

      Micro-Cap Medical Technology Group
      ----------------------------------
                                                   Bionx (1)                     Selected Companies
                                                   --------                      ------------------
                                                                     Low         Mean          Median       High
                                                                     ---         ----          ------       ----

Enterprise value                                    $44.4           $0.6         $34.1          $33.2       $66.1
2002 revenue growth                                  (2.3%)         (1.1%)        11.9%           9.4%       31.0%
2003 revenue growth                                  19.7%           9.8%         20.0%          16.3%       37.8%
Enterprise value to latest twelve months              2.4x           0.5x          1.6x           1.9x        2.3x
revenue
Enterprise value to 2003 revenue                      2.0x           0.4x          1.2x           1.4x        1.7x
Enterprise value to latest twelve months             76.5x           0.2x         17.6x          20.2x       35.8x
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization
Calendar 2003 price to earnings ratio                32.5x          13.3x         14.3x          14.3x       15.3x

- ------------
(1) Based on $4.35 per share consideration.

Selected Transaction Analysis

         U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed ten acquisition transactions (the
Selected Transactions) involving transactions that it deemed comparable to the
merger. It selected these transactions by searching public filings, analysts'
reports and other sources and by applying the following criteria:

     o    transactions where the target manufactures devices for the ENT,
          Orthopedic or Neurosurgery markets;

     o    transactions involving target companies with enterprise values less
          than $200 million;

                                      -16-

     o    transactions that were announced or completed since January 1, 1997;
          and

     o    transactions in which the acquiring company purchased a controlling
          interest in the target.

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray compared the resulting multiples of selected
valuation data to multiples for Bionx derived from the consideration payable in
the merger.

                                                    Bionx (1)                     Selected Transactions
                                                    --------                      ---------------------
                                                                     Low           Mean         Median        High
                                                                     ---           ----         ------        -----

Forward twelve months revenue growth                 19.7%           0.0%         26.6%          19.2%       58.4%
Latest twelve months revenue growth                  (1.8%)         (3.0%)        32.8%          31.9%       80.0%
Enterprise value to forward twelve months             2.0x           1.0x          2.2x           2.0x        3.7x
revenue
Enterprise value to latest twelve months              2.4x           1.3x          2.9x           2.7x        5.0x
revenue

- -----------
(1) Based on $4.35 per share consideration.

Premiums Paid Analysis

         U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray reviewed publicly available information for
a group of sixty-five selected pending or completed acquisition transactions
since January 1, 1997 involving medical technology companies and a change of
control.

         The table below shows a comparison of those premiums to the premium
that would be paid to Bionx stockholders based on the implied value payable in
the merger. The premium calculations for Bionx stock are based upon an assumed
announcement date of January 10, 2003.

                                                   Bionx (1)                      Selected Transactions
                                                   --------                       ---------------------
                                                                     Low           Mean         Median      High
                                                                     ---           ----         ------      ----

One week before announcement (2)                     29.9%          (7.7%)        37.3%          35.8%      111.3%
One month before announcement (3)                    55.4%           1.7%         51.2%          48.7%      120.9%
30 day average premium (4)                           39.0%

- ------------
(1) Based on $4.35 per share consideration.
(2) Bionx premiums based on Bionx closing stock price of $3.35 on
    January 3, 2003.
(3) Bionx premiums based on Bionx closing stock price of $2.80 on
    December 13, 2002.
4)  30 trading days ended on January 10, 2003 - average of $3.13 per share.

Bionx Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

         U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray performed a discounted cash flow analysis
for Bionx in which it calculated the present value of the projected hypothetical
future cash flows of Bionx using internal financial planning data prepared by
Bionx management. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray estimated a range of theoretical
values for Bionx based on the net present value of its implied annual cash flows
and a terminal value for Bionx at a calendar year end 2007 calculated based upon
a multiple of revenue. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray applied a range of discount

                                      -17-

rates of 20% to 30% and a range of revenue multiples of 1.8x to 2.2x to derive a
terminal value in 2007. This analysis yielded the following results:

                                                  Based on $4.35 per share                Projected (1)
                                                        consideration             Low           Mid         High
                                                  ------------------------        ---           ----        -----

Aggregate equity value ($ millions)                          $48.3               $31.8          $40.1        $51.1

Fully diluted per share value of Bionx                       $4.35               $2.93          $3.65        $4.58

- -------------
(1) Based on terminal revenue multiples of 1.8x to 2.2x and discount
    rates of 20% to 30%.

         In reaching its conclusion as to the fairness of the merger
consideration and in its presentation to the board of directors, U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray did not rely on any single analysis or factor described above,
assign relative weights to the analyses or factors considered by it, or make any
conclusion as to how the results of any given analysis, taken alone, supported
its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selection of portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it,
without considering all of the factors and analyses, would create a misleading
view of the processes underlying the opinion.

         The analyses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or future results, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than suggested by the analyses. Analyses relating to the value
of companies do not purport to be appraisals or valuations or necessarily
reflect the price at which companies may actually be sold. No company or
transaction used in any analysis for purposes of comparison is identical to
Bionx or the merger. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the comparisons
is not mathematical; rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments
about differences in the companies to which Bionx was compared and other
factors that could affect the public trading or transactional value of the
companies.

         For purposes of its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon and
assumed the accuracy, completeness and fairness of the financial statements and
other information provided to it by Bionx, or otherwise made available to it,
and did not assume responsibility for the independent verification of that
information. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray relied upon the assurances of the
management of Bionx that the information provided to it by Bionx was prepared on
a reasonable basis, and the financial planning data and other business outlook
information reflects the best currently available estimates and judgment of
management, and management was not aware of any information or facts that would
make the information provided to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray incomplete or
misleading. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray expressed no opinion as to such financial
planning data and other business outlook information or the assumptions on which
they are based.

         For purposes of its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray assumed that
the merger will be consummated pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement
without material modifications thereto and without waiver by any party of any
material conditions or obligations thereunder. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
undertook no independent analysis of any owned or leased real estate, or any
pending or threatened litigation, possible unasserted claims or other contingent
liabilities, to which Bionx or its affiliates was a party or may be subject and
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's opinion made no assumption concerning and therefore
did not consider the possible assertion of claims, outcomes or damages arising
out of any such matters.

         In arriving at its opinion, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray did not perform
any appraisals or valuations of any specific assets or liabilities of Bionx and
was not furnished with any such appraisals or valuations. U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray expressed no opinion as to the price at which shares of Bionx common
stock have traded or at which such shares may trade following announcement of
the merger or at any future time. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray's opinion addressed
only the merger consideration to be received by holders of the common stock of
Bionx and no other transaction terms or arrangements, or the ability of CONMED
to fund the merger consideration. The opinion is based on information available
to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and the facts and circumstances as they existed
and were subject to evaluation on the date of the opinion. Events occurring
after that date could materially affect the assumptions used in preparing the
opinion. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray has not undertaken to and is not obligated
to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion or otherwise comment on any events
occurring after the date it was given.

                                      -18-

         U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, as a customary part of its investment
banking business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions, underwritings and secondary
distributions of securities, private placements and valuations for estate,
corporate and other purposes. In the ordinary course of its business, U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray and its affiliates may actively trade securities of Bionx
for their own accounts or the accounts of their customers and, accordingly, may
at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

         Under the terms of the engagement letter dated October 31, 2001, Bionx
has paid to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray a retainer of $75,000 and a fee of
$500,000 for rendering its opinion. Bionx has agreed to pay U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray an additional fee of $750,000 in the event of the consummation of the
merger. Whether or not the transaction is consummated, Bionx has agreed to pay
certain out-of-pocket expenses of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and to indemnify
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray against certain liabilities incurred. U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray has no other material relationship with us or any of our
affiliates, and has no material relationship with CONMED.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger that Differ From Your Interests

         In considering the recommendations of our board of directors with
respect to the merger, our stockholders should be aware that certain members of
our board of directors and management may have interests in the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby that are in addition to the interests
of our stockholders generally. These interests include the following:

          o    Directors' and Officers' Indemnification. CONMED has agreed that,
               from and after the closing of the merger, it will indemnify and
               hold harmless each present and former director and officer of
               Bionx (determined immediately prior to the merger) against any
               costs incurred in connection with any claim arising out of
               matters existing or occurring at or prior to the merger to the
               fullest extent that Bionx would have been permitted under
               Pennsylvania law and its articles of incorporation and by-laws
               currently in effect to indemnify such persons.

          o    Maintenance of Directors' and Officers' Insurance. CONMED has
               agreed that for six years after the merger, it will maintain in
               effect a directors and officers liability insurance policy
               covering those persons currently covered by our current directors
               and officers liability insurance policy for acts or omissions
               that occurred prior to the merger on terms with respect to such
               coverage and amounts no less favorable in any material respect
               than the terms in effect under our current directors and officers
               liability insurance policy; provided that CONMED is not required
               to pay an annual premium to the extent in excess of 300% of the
               last annual premium we paid for such insurance. If the annual
               premiums for such coverage exceed that maximum amount, CONMED is
               obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest standard coverage
               amount available for a cost not exceeding such maximum amount.

          o    Employment Arrangements. Completion of the merger will constitute
               a "change of control" under various agreements with certain
               officers of Bionx. These individuals will be entitled to receive
               severance payments under those agreements aggregating
               approximately $300,000 excluding the cost of certain continuing
               benefits. Other potential severance obligations upon the closing
               of the merger aggregate another $300,000. In addition, Bionx may
               grant up to $200,000 in stay bonuses to encourage certain
               employees to remain as employees of Bionx until the merger is
               completed. These bonuses are conditioned on the applicable
               employee remaining with Bionx (unless terminated without cause)
               until the later of (x) three months after the closing of the
               merger or (y) August 1, 2003. See also "Payment of Cash for Our
               Stock Options".

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences

         This section summarizes the material United States federal income tax
consequences of the merger. This discussion does not address the consequences of
the merger under state, local or foreign law, nor does it address all aspects of
federal income taxation that may be relevant in light of particular
circumstances. We encourage our stockholders to consult their own tax advisor
about the specific tax consequences of the proposed merger, including the
application and effect of state, local, foreign and other tax laws, changes in
tax laws and tax return reporting requirements. Special tax consequences not
described in this proxy statement may apply to particular classes of taxpayers,
such as:

                                      -19-

o   a partnership or other pass-through entity;
o   a stockholder that is not a citizen or resident of the United States;
o   a financial institution or insurance company;
o   a mutual fund;
o   a tax-exempt organization;
o   a dealer or broker in securities or foreign companies;
o   traders in securities that elect the mark-to-market method;
o   a stockholder that holds our stocks as part of a hedge, appreciated
    financial position, straddle or conversion transaction; or
o   a stockholder that acquired our stock through the exercise of an employee
    stock option plan or otherwise as compensation.

         The receipt of cash in exchange for shares of our common stock will be
a taxable transaction for federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, and also may be a taxable transaction under applicable
state, local, foreign and other laws. Generally, for federal income tax
purposes, a stockholder will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the
difference between the amount of cash that the stockholder receives in the
merger and his or her adjusted basis in the shares of our common stock
surrendered in the merger. For federal income tax purposes, any gain or loss
will be capital gain or loss to the stockholder if the common stock was held as
a capital asset. It will generally be long-term capital gain or loss only if the
stockholder held shares of our stock for more than one year. A lower capital
gains rate may apply if the stockholder held shares of our stock for more than
five years.

         Payments to a stockholder in connection with the merger may be subject
to 30% "backup withholding" unless the stockholder provides a taxpayer
identification number or social security number and certifies that the number is
correct or properly certifies that the stockholder has applied for and is
waiting for a number. Certain holders (including all corporations and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding requirements.
If backup withholding applies to a stockholder, CONMED will be required to
withhold 30% of any payments made in the merger to that stockholder. Backup
withholding is not an additional tax; it is an advance tax payment and is
subject to refund if it results in an overpayment of tax.

         Bionx will not recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes
as a result of the merger. Shares of our common stock owned by CONMED or Arrow
Merger Corporation at the time of the merger will be canceled in the merger
without the payment of any consideration with respect to those shares. Neither
CONMED nor Arrow Merger Corporation will recognize gain or loss with respect to
our common stock owned by them upon consummation of the merger to the extent
that such shares are transferred to CONMED prior to consummation of the merger.

         This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, applicable Treasury Department regulations, judicial authority and
current administrative ruling and practice, all as in effect as of the date of
this proxy statement. Future legislative, judicial or administrative changes or
interpretations could change the statements and conclusions above, and could
have retroactive effect. We disclaim any obligation to update this discussion as
a result of these changes or interpretations.

Anticipated Accounting Treatment of the Merger

         The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. This means that CONMED will record as goodwill the excess of the
purchase price of Bionx over the fair value of our identifiable assets,
including intangible assets and liabilities. Upon closing of the merger, CONMED
will be treated as the continuing reporting entity, and CONMED's historical
results of operations will become those of the continuing combined company.

Regulatory Approvals Relating to the Merger

         We are not aware of any federal or state regulatory requirements that
must be complied with or approvals that must be obtained to consummate the
transactions, other than the filing of articles of merger with the Department of
State of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the filing of this proxy statement
with the SEC. If any additional approvals or filings are required, we will use
our commercially reasonable efforts to obtain those approvals and make any
required filings before completing the merger.

Completion and Effectiveness of the Merger

         Completion of the merger will occur as soon as practicable after all of
the conditions to the merger are satisfied or waived. The merger will become
effective when articles of merger are filed with the Department of State of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Bionx and CONMED are working toward completing the
merger as quickly as possible and hope to complete the merger shortly after the
special meeting. However, as discussed in "THE MERGER AGREEMENT - Conditions
Precedent," there are several conditions that must be satisfied or waived before
the merger can occur. We cannot assure our stockholders that the merger will
occur.

                                      -20-

Payment of Cash for Our Securities

         Upon completion of the merger, each share of our common stock
outstanding immediately before the merger will automatically be converted into
the right to receive $4.35 in cash, without interest.

         If stockholders sell their common stock prior to the merger, the right
to receive the cash merger consideration will pass to the person to whom the
stockholder transferred the shares. Promptly after the merger is completed,
CONMED's disbursing agent will mail to each stockholder of record as of the
completion of the merger a letter of transmittal and instructions for
surrendering our stock certificates in exchange for cash. Each holder of a
certificate representing shares of our stock will no longer have any rights with
respect to the shares of stock, except the right to receive the applicable
merger consideration. When a stockholder surrenders such stock certificates to
the disbursing agent, together with a properly completed letter of transmittal
and any other required documents, the stock certificates will be canceled and
the stockholder will receive $4.35 in cash, without interest, for each share of
common stock owned as of the effective time of the merger.

         After completion of the merger, there will be no more transfers on our
records of certificates representing shares of common stock. If certificates are
presented to us or our transfer agent for transfer, the certificates will be
canceled and in exchange the holder will receive the cash merger consideration,
without interest, for each share of common stock represented by the certificate.
Until surrendered, each certificate formerly representing shares of common stock
will be deemed after completion of the merger to represent only the right to
receive the cash merger consideration, without interest, upon surrender of the
certificate. No interest or other payment will be paid or will accrue on the
cash payment.

         Stockholders should not send their stock certificates to us, CONMED or
any other party until they have received transmittal forms. Stockholders should
not return their stock certificates with the enclosed proxy card.

Payment of Cash for Our Stock Options

         Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, all options to
purchase our common stock, whether or not vested or exercisable, will be
canceled and have no further force and effect. As consideration for such
cancellation, each of our canceled options will thereafter represent the right
to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of
our common stock issuable upon exercise of the option multiplied by (ii) the
excess, if any, of $4.35 per share over the exercise price per share payable
under the option, less any required withholding taxes.

Delisting of Our Common Stock After the Merger

         Our common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market.
Because all of the shares of our common stock outstanding immediately before the
merger will be canceled in exchange for the right to receive cash, our common
stock will be delisted from Nasdaq if the merger is completed.

         Our common stock is currently registered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. CONMED intends to terminate the registration of our
common stock promptly after the merger. The termination of the registration of
our common stock under the Securities Exchange Act will mean that we will no
longer be required to file various reports, such as Forms 10-K and 10-Q, with
the SEC.

Financing for the Merger

         The funds to pay the total amount of the merger consideration to our
stockholders will come from CONMED's available resources, including borrowings
under its principal bank credit facility.

Past Contacts, Transactions or Negotiations

         Other than as described in the "Background of the Merger," and the
litigation described in the following sentence, we and CONMED have not had any
past contacts, transactions or negotiations. In 1998, Bionx and its Finnish
subsidiary instituted suit against Linvatec Corp., a subsidiary of CONMED,
asserting that one of Linvatec's products infringes a specified U.S. patent
licensed by Bionx. The parties are presently engaged in settlement discussions.

                                      -21-

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

         The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger
agreement. The summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement and is
incorporated herein by reference. We encourage you to read the merger agreement
because it, and not this summary, is the legal document that governs the merger.

Structure

         The merger agreement provides that, subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of certain conditions, Arrow Merger Corporation, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of CONMED, will be merged with and into us. Following the merger, the
separate existence of Arrow Merger Corporation will cease and we will continue
as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CONMED. When the
merger occurs, each share of our issued and outstanding common stock will be
converted into the right to receive, in cash, without interest, $4.35.

         In addition, in connection with the merger, we have agreed to cancel
all options to purchase our common stock prior to the effective time of the
merger, and pay to the holder of each option an amount of cash equal to the
product of (i) the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise
of the option multiplied by (ii) the excess, if any, of $4.35 per share over the
exercise price per share payable under the option, less any required withholding
taxes.

Effective Time of the Merger

         The merger agreement provides that the closing of the merger will take
place on the first business day after the date on which the last to be fulfilled
or waived of all of the conditions contained in the merger agreement (except for
those that by their nature are to be satisfied at closing), are satisfied or
waived or at such other time as the parties agree. Concurrently with the
closing, we and CONMED will file articles of merger with the Department of State
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to complete the merger. The merger will
become effective when the articles of merger have been duly filed with the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, or at such other time as the parties may specify
in the articles.

         Completion of the merger could be delayed if there is a delay in
satisfying the conditions to the merger. There can be no assurances as to
whether, or when, the conditions to completing the merger will be satisfied or
that the parties will complete the merger. If the merger is not completed on or
before July 31, 2003, either CONMED or we may terminate the merger agreement
(but a party may not terminate the merger agreement if its failure to fulfill
any of its obligations under the merger agreement has been the cause of the
merger not being completed by that date).

         As of the effective time of the merger, our articles of incorporation
and bylaws will be the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving
corporation and the directors and officers of Arrow Merger Corporation at the
effective time shall become the directors and officers of the surviving
corporation.

Surrender and Exchange of Share Certificates

         Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, CONMED will
deposit with a disbursing agent in a separate fund immediately available funds
in an amount necessary to make the required payments to our stockholders
pursuant to the merger agreement. Promptly after the effective time of the
merger, the disbursing agent will send transmittal materials (approved by us in
form and substance prior to the effective time of the merger) containing
instructions for use in effecting the exchange of stock certificates for the
merger consideration to each person who holds our common stock.

         Each holder of our common stock immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger, upon surrender to the disbursing agent of their stock certificate
or certificates together with a duly executed and completed transmittal letter
in accordance with the instructions to be provided by the disbursing agent, will
be paid the merger consideration owed to such holder pursuant to the merger
agreement. Until so surrendered, each certificate evidencing our common stock
that, prior to the effective time of the merger, represented shares of our
common stock will be deemed from and after the effective time of the merger, for
all corporate purposes, to represent solely the right to receive the applicable
merger consideration upon surrender of the certificate. No interest shall be
paid or will accrue on any cash payable to holders of certificates of our common
stock.

                                      -22-

         To request transmittal materials from the disbursing agent please
contact:

                  [Name and phone number of disbursing agent to be inserted.]

Treatment of Stock Options

         We have agreed to cancel, immediately prior to the effective time of
the merger, all options to purchase our common stock, whether or not vested or
exercisable. We have agreed to pay the holder of each option, as consideration
for such cancellation, an amount of cash equal to the product of (i) the number
of shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the option multiplied by
(ii) the excess, if any, of $4.35 per share over the exercise price per share
payable under the option, less any required withholding taxes. We are required
to use our best efforts to ensure that former holders of our stock options will
have no rights other than the right to receive their respective cash payments,
including obtaining consents from all holders of stock options granted under our
Investment Plan, all of which have been received.

Representations and Warranties

         Our Representations and Warranties

         The merger agreement contains representations and warranties made by us
to CONMED, including representations and warranties relating to:

         o    due organization, valid existence, corporate power, good standing
              and other corporate matters;

         o    authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the
              merger agreement;

         o    our capital structure;

         o    our significant subsidiaries and equity interests;

         o    absence of a conflict with our certificate of incorporation or
              bylaws or a material conflict with any agreement, law or
              governmental order applicable to us;

         o    regulatory filings, consents or approvals required to complete
              the merger;

         o    reports and financial statements we filed with the SEC and the
              accuracy of the information in those documents;

         o    ownership of equipment;

         o    material contracts;

         o    ownership of real property;

         o    permits to conduct our business;

         o    intellectual property;

         o    undisclosed liabilities;

         o    tax matters;

         o    circumstances having a material adverse effect on our business;

         o    matters relating to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
              of 1974, as amended, and other compliance and compensation
              matters (including retirement and other employee benefit plans);

         o    insurance;

                                      -23-

         o    compliance with applicable laws, including the Federal Food, Drug
              and Cosmetic Act;

         o    litigation;

         o    the absence of certain events, including events that were not in
              the ordinary course of business;

         o    environmental matters;

         o    employees and labor relations;

         o    brokers' and finders' fees with respect to the merger;

         o    applicability of any anti-takeover statutes;

         o    accuracy of information we supplied for inclusion in this proxy
              statement;

         o    customers and suppliers;

         o    inventory;

         o    ISO 9001 Certification;

         o    the required vote for approval; and

         o    the fairness opinion.

         CONMED Representations and Warranties

         The merger agreement also contains representations and warranties made
by CONMED to us, including representations and warranties relating to:

         o    due organization, corporate power and other corporate matters
              relating to CONMED and Arrow Merger Corporation;

         o    authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the
              merger agreement;

         o    absence of a conflict with the certificate of incorporation or
              bylaws of CONMED or Arrow Merger Corporation or a material
              conflict with any agreement, law or governmental order applicable
              to either of them;

         o    regulatory filings, consents or approvals required to complete the
              merger;

         o    the sufficiency of CONMED's funds to complete the merger;

         o    Arrow Merger Corporation's formation;

         o    CONMED's ownership of our common stock; and

         o    accuracy of information CONMED supplied in writing for inclusion
              in this proxy statement.

         The representations and warranties of each of the parties to the merger
agreement will expire upon completion of the merger or termination of the merger
agreement.

Conduct of Business Prior to the Merger

         With respect to the period from the date of the merger agreement
through the effective time of the merger, we have, among other things, agreed:

         o    to carry on our business in the ordinary course of business and
              consistent with past practice;

                                      -24-

         o    not to sell or pledge any stock we own in our subsidiaries;

         o    not to amend our articles of incorporation or bylaws;

         o    not to split, combine or reclassify any of our capital stock;

         o    not to declare or pay any dividends;

         o    not to redeem or otherwise acquire any of our capital stock;

         o    not to enter into any new agreements with any of our officers,
              directors or employees, or grant any increase in compensation or
              benefits (subject to certain exceptions provided for in the merger
              agreement);

         o    not to make any material tax election;

         o    not to make any loans to employees, other than advances in the
              ordinary course of business;

         o    not to assume, endorse, guarantee or otherwise become liable for
              the material obligations of any other person (other than our
              subsidiaries);

         o    not to waive, release or assign material rights (subject to
              certain exceptions provided for in the merger agreement);

         o    not to permit any insurance naming us as a beneficiary or
              loss-payable payee to be canceled or terminated except in the
              ordinary course of business;

         o    not to acquire, dispose of or lease any of our assets other than
              in the ordinary course of business;

         o    not to incur, assume or prepay any material indebtedness;

         o    not to enter into or terminate any material contract;

         o    not to settle or compromise any material claims or litigation;

         o    not to issue any shares of our capital stock (other than the
              issuance of our common stock upon the exercise of outstanding
              stock options); and

         o    not to make capital expenditures in excess of $25,000
              individually or $250,000 in the aggregate.

         We may seek waivers from these proscriptions. CONMED has agreed that it
will not unreasonably withhold its consent to such waivers.

Access to Information

         The merger agreement provides that pending the merger we will, and will
cause our subsidiaries to:

         o    give CONMED and its representatives access at all reasonable times
              to our officers, employees, agents, properties, books and records;
              and

         o    furnish CONMED and its representatives with all information and
              data as they may reasonably request.

Notification of Developments

         The merger agreement provides that, pending the effectiveness of the
merger, the parties shall promptly advise each other of:

                                      -25-

         o    the occurrence or failure to occur of any event which would be
              likely to cause any representation or warranty made by such party
              in the merger agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material
              respect; and

         o    any material failure to comply with or satisfy any covenant or
              condition to be complied with or satisfied under the merger
              agreement.

         We are required to give CONMED prompt notice of any change that could
result in a Material Adverse Effect. "Material Adverse Effect" is defined in the
merger agreement to mean any development, effect or change that, individually,
or in the aggregate with such other developments, effects or changes, has had,
or could reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, business, revenues, results of operations, properties,
assets or liabilities of Bionx and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other
than any such development, effect or change resulting from:

         o    the loss of revenues from our sales agents, distributors or
              dealers resulting from the announcement of the merger agreement or
              any payments made by us to distributors to assist in their
              retention as provided in the merger agreement;

         o    changes in general economic conditions in the United States or
              abroad, including, without limitation, any effect that acts of
              terrorism or outbreak of war have on such general economic
              conditions; or

         o    legal, governmental or regulatory factors, including, without
              limitation, any effect that acts of terrorism or outbreak of war
              have on such legal, governmental or regulatory factors, generally
              affecting companies in our industry;

         provided in each case of the last two bullet points above, that we are
         not materially disproportionately affected, as compared to other
         companies in our industry, by such developments, effects, changes or
         factors.

Agreement Not to Solicit Other Offers

         We have agreed not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit,
encourage or otherwise facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal or
offer with respect to any merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation,
or similar transaction involving, or any purchase of, all or 25% or more of the
assets or 25% or more of any equity securities of Bionx or any of our
subsidiaries. We have also agreed that neither we nor our employees, agents or
representatives will engage in any negotiations or provide any confidential
information to or have any discussions with any person other than CONMED
relating to such a transaction. In addition, we have agreed to notify CONMED
immediately if we receive any such offers or proposals.

Reasonable Efforts

         We and CONMED have agreed to cooperate with one another and to use
reasonable efforts to take all actions necessary to consummate the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including:

         o    satisfying our respective conditions to closing; and

         o    obtaining all necessary consents and approvals from governmental
              authorities and third parties, making all necessary registrations
              and filings, and taking all reasonable steps necessary to obtain
              an approval or waiver from, or to avoid an action or proceeding
              by, any governmental authority.

Public Announcements

         We and CONMED have agreed to use reasonable efforts to consult with
each other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public
statements, including making any filings with any governmental authority and
responding to any press inquiry, in respect of the merger agreement or the
merger, except as required by law or the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market.

                                      -26-

Employee Benefits

         After the effective time of the merger, all of our employees will, at
CONMED's option, continue to be entitled to and receive the same benefits
currently provided to our employees under our existing benefit plans for three
months or be offered benefits similar to those available to CONMED's employees.
After three months following the effective time of the merger, employees of the
surviving corporation and its subsidiaries will receive such benefits as the
then constituted management of the surviving corporation deems necessary and
appropriate for CONMED, subject to consent and advice from CONMED's executive
management. Service with us or any of our subsidiaries will be counted for all
purposes for which service was recognized by us prior to the merger. Subject to
the rules governing CONMED's benefit plans and applicable law, our employees
will be eligible to participate in CONMED's 401(k) or other retirement plans on
terms similar to the benefits provided to similarly situated employees of
CONMED, with credit granted for purposes of eligibility and vesting for prior
service with us and our subsidiaries, but not for purposes of accrual. CONMED
has agreed to permit us to fully vest the accounts of the participants under our
401(k) plan effective as of the effective time of the merger.

Conditions Precedent

         The completion of the merger depends on the satisfaction or waiver of a
number of conditions, including:

         Conditions to our and CONMED's obligations to close the merger:

         o    The merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby
              must be adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes
              cast at the special meeting. Since persons having voting power
              with respect to approximately 51% of our common stock have entered
              into a voting agreement to vote in favor of the merger agreement,
              we expect this condition to be satisfied at the special meeting;

         o    All consents and approvals required to be obtained from
              governmental authorities prior to closing the merger must be
              obtained. We do not expect that any such approvals will be
              required; and

         o    There must be no law, regulation, judgment, injunction or other
              order of any court or governmental authority in effect that
              restrains or prohibits the closing of the merger and no proceeding
              instituted seeking such an order.

         Additional conditions to CONMED's obligations to close the merger:

         o    Our representations and warranties contained in the merger
              agreement must be true and correct as of the date of the merger
              agreement and the closing date, except to the extent any
              representation or warranty speaks as of an earlier date; provided
              that this condition will be deemed to have been satisfied even if
              such representations or warranties are not so true and correct
              unless the failure of such representations or warranties to be so
              true and correct, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or
              could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect,
              as defined in the merger agreement, or could prevent or materially
              burden or materially impair our ability to close the merger;

         o    We must have performed in all material respects all material
              obligations required to be performed by us prior to the closing of
              the merger;

         o    Specified consents required under certain of our contracts must
               be obtained;

         o    CONMED must have received resignations from all of our officers
              and directors; and

         o    Our employment agreements with Gerard S. Carlozzi and Pertti
              Tormala must be in full force and effect and neither party may be
              in material default under those agreements.

         Additional conditions to our obligations to close the merger:

         o    The representations and warranties of CONMED and Arrow Merger
              Corporation contained in the merger agreement must be true and
              correct as of the date of the merger agreement and the closing
              date (except to the extent any representation or warranty speaks
              as of an earlier date); provided that this condition will be
              deemed to have been satisfied even if such representations or
              warranties are not so true and correct unless the failure of such
              representations or warranties to be so true and correct,
              individually or in the aggregate, could prevent or materially
              burden or materially impair CONMED's ability to close the merger;
              and

                                      -27-

         o    CONMED and Arrow Merger Corporation must have performed in all
              material respects all obligations required to be performed by them
              prior to the closing of the merger.

Termination

         We and CONMED may terminate the merger agreement by mutual consent. In
addition, the merger agreement may be terminated and the merger may be abandoned
at any time prior to the completion of the merger:

         o    by us, if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty
              covenant or agreement made by CONMED and Arrow Merger Corporation
              in the merger agreement, or any such representation and warranty
              shall have become untrue after the date of the merger agreement
              such that certain conditions precedent to the merger relating to
              the truth and accuracy of such representations and warranties
              would not be satisfied and such breach or condition is not
              curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after written
              notice is given;

         o    by CONMED, if our board of directors withdraws or adversely
              modifies in any material respect its approval or recommendation
              of the merger agreement or fails to reconfirm its recommendation
              in favor of the merger agreement within five business days after
              a written request by CONMED to do so, there has been a breach of
              any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by us in
              the merger agreement, or any such representation and warranty
              shall have become untrue after the date of the merger agreement
              such that certain conditions precedent to the merger relating to
              the truth and accuracy of such representations and warranties
              would not be satisfied and such breach or condition is not
              curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after written
              notice is given or we or any of our affiliates, representatives
              or agents take any action that is proscribed by the
              non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement;

         o    by either party if the merger is not completed on or before July
              31, 2003, but a party may not terminate the merger agreement if
              its failure to fulfill any of its obligations under the merger
              agreement has been the cause of the merger not being completed by
              that date;

         o    by either party if our stockholders do not adopt the merger
              agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby by the
              requisite vote; or

         o    by either party if any governmental authority has taken any action
              prohibiting the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

         We must pay a termination fee of $2.5 million to CONMED and reimburse
CONMED for its out-of-pocket expenses (excluding investment banking fees) if:

         o    CONMED terminates the merger agreement because our board of
              directors withdraws or adversely modifies in any material respect
              its approval or recommendation of the merger agreement or fails to
              reconfirm its recommendation in favor of the merger agreement
              within five business days after a written request by CONMED to do
              so; or

         o    CONMED terminates the merger agreement because we, or any of our
              affiliates, representatives or agents take any action that is
              proscribed by the non-solicitation provisions of the merger
              agreement.

Amendments

         The merger agreement may be amended by action of the parties at any
time before or after approval by our stockholders and prior to the effective
time of the merger; provided, however, that after the approval by our
stockholders, no amendment may be made which by law or in accordance with the
rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market requires further approval by our stockholders
without such further approval. The merger agreement may only be amended by a
written instrument signed on behalf of each of the parties.

                                      -28-

Extension and Waiver

         At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, each party may,
to the extent legally allowed:

          o    extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
               other acts of the other party; or

          o    waive compliance by the other party with any of the agreements or
               conditions contained in the merger agreement.

         To be effective against a party, any extension or waiver must be in
writing and signed on behalf of such party.

Fees and Expenses

         The parties will pay their respective expenses incurred in connection
with the merger agreement, including all fees and expenses of agents,
representatives, counsel and accountants, except as described above under
"Termination".

Voting Agreement

         Persons (including certain of our directors and executive officers)
who, in the aggregate, control the voting power over 51.23% of the shares of our
common stock (or 5,519,403 shares) are parties to a voting agreement, dated as
of January 13, 2003, pursuant to which they have agreed to vote all of the
shares of our common stock over which they have voting power in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the merger, and against any similar alternative proposal or offer with
respect to a transaction with a party other than CONMED. In addition, the
stockholders who are party to this voting agreement have also agreed, if so
directed by CONMED, to call a special meeting of our stockholders in order to
vote on the merger. The voting agreement terminates upon the earliest to occur
of (i) the termination of the merger agreement, (ii) the effective time of the
merger and (iii) January 13, 2004. A copy of the voting agreement is included in
this proxy statement as Annex B.

 OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT OUR STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" ADOPTION OF
         THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.

            STOCK OWNERSHIP BY MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS

         The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of shares of
common stock as of December 31, 2002 by (i) the only stockholders of Bionx known
by management to beneficially own more than 5% of Bionx's common stock, (ii) the
directors of Bionx, (iii) the current executive officers and (iv) all directors
and current executive officers of Bionx as a group. Shares covered by stock
options are included in the table to the extent that they are exercisable
through March 1, 2003.

                                                                     Shares of Common                Percentage
                                                                    Stock Beneficially              Beneficially
Beneficial Owner (1)                                                   Owned (1)(2)                    Owned
- --------------------                                              --------------------           ----------------

Bionix B.V. (3)...............................................           2,588,254                     24.0
Terry D. Wall (4).............................................           3,255,509                     30.1
Intrinsic Value Asset Management Inc. (5).....................             760,700                      7.1
Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc. (6)............................             712,900                      6.6
Gerard S. Carlozzi (7)........................................              99,231                      *
David J. Bershad (8)..........................................             569,177                      5.3
Anthony J. Dimun (9)..........................................             340,438                      3.1
David H. MacCallum (10).......................................             146,366                      1.4
Pertti Tormala (11)...........................................           1,054,060                      9.8
Pertti Viitanen (12)..........................................             170,689                      1.6
Drew Karazin (13).............................................              86,249                      *
Dennis Mahoney (14)...........................................               8,000                      *
Richard L. Robbins (15).......................................               5,000                      *
All directors and current executive
officers as a group (10 persons) (16).........................           5,734,719                     51.4

* Represents less than 1% of the outstanding common stock.

                                      -29-

         (1)   Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and
               pursuant to applicable community property laws, persons and
               entities named in the table have sole voting and investment power
               with respect to all shares of common stock and the address of the
               5% stockholders is c/o Bionx, 1777 Sentry Parkway West, Gwynedd
               Hall, Suite 400, Blue Bell, Pennsylvania 19422.

         (2)   Applicable percentage ownership is based on 10,773,397 shares of
               common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2002 together with
               applicable stock options for such stockholder. Beneficial
               ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC,
               based on factors including voting and investment power with
               respect to shares. Shares of common stock subject to stock
               options currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days
               after December 31, 2002, are deemed outstanding for computing the
               percentage ownership of the person holding such stock options but
               are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership
               of any other person. Each owner of an equity interest in Bionix
               B.V. (the "Dutch Company") is deemed to beneficially own a
               percentage of the shares of the common stock owned by the Dutch
               Company equal to such owner's proportionate equity interest in
               the Dutch Company.

         (3)   Nearly all of the capital stock of the Dutch Company is owned by
               the former stockholders of Bionx's operating subsidiaries. The
               current Board of Directors of the Dutch Company includes Gerard
               S. Carlozzi, David J. Bershad, Anthony J. Dimun, Pertti Tormala,
               and Pertti Viitanen, who are directors or executive officers of
               Bionx. As of December 31, 2002, Messrs. Bershad, Dimun, and Wall
               beneficially owned capital stock of the Dutch Company
               representing, in the aggregate, approximately 22.0% of the equity
               of the Dutch Company's capital stock. As of December 31, 2002,
               Messrs. Tormala and Viitanen beneficially owned capital stock of
               the Dutch Company representing, in the aggregate, approximately
               45.3% of the equity of the Dutch Company's capital stock. The
               remaining equity of the Dutch Company's capital stock is
               allocated among several other U.S. and Finnish investors.

         (4)   Mr. Wall's shares include 51,700 shares of common stock issuable
               upon the exercise of vested stock options and 484,421 shares of
               common stock owned by the Dutch Company, representing Mr. Wall's
               proportionate equity interest in the shares of common stock owned
               by the Dutch Company. Mr. Wall has the right to cause the Dutch
               Company to transfer such 484,421 shares to him pursuant to an
               agreement with the Dutch Company. All of Mr. Wall's shares of
               common stock and of the Dutch Company's capital stock are held in
               an investment partnership which he controls.

         (5)   The information set forth herein regarding Intrinsic Value Asset
               Management, Inc.'s beneficial ownership is based on a report on
               Schedule 13G filed by Intrinsic Value Asset Management with the
               SEC on December 17, 2001. The address of Intrinsic Value
               Management, Inc. is 29229 Heathercliff Road, Malibu, CA 90265.

         (6)   The information set forth herein regarding Dimensional Fund
               Advisors Inc.'s beneficial ownership is based upon a report on
               Schedule 13G/A filed by it with the SEC on February 13, 2002. The
               address of Dimensional Fund Advisors, Inc. is 1299 Ocean Avenue,
               11th Floor, Santa Monica, California 90401.

         (7)   Mr. Carlozzi's shares include 7,552 shares of common stock held
               within Bionx's Investment Plan and 91,679 shares issuable to Mr.
               Carlozzi upon the exercise of vested stock options.

         (8)   Mr. Bershad's shares include 51,700 shares of common stock
               issuable upon the exercise of vested stock options and 50,736
               shares of common stock owned by the Dutch Company, representing
               Mr. Bershad's proportionate equity interest in the shares of
               common stock owned by the Dutch Company. Mr. Bershad has the
               right to cause the Dutch Company to transfer such 50,736 shares
               to him pursuant to an agreement with the Dutch Company. A total
               of 331,686 of Mr. Bershad's shares of common stock and all of Mr.
               Bershad's shares of the Dutch Company's capital stock are held in
               an investment partnership which he controls.

         (9)   Mr. Dimun's shares include 51,700 shares of common stock issuable
               upon the exercise of vested stock options and 34,679 shares of
               common stock owned by the Dutch Company, representing Mr. Dimun's
               proportionate equity interest in the shares of common stock owned
               by the Dutch Company. Mr. Dimun has the right to cause the Dutch
               Company to transfer such 34,679 shares to him pursuant to an
               agreement with the Dutch Company. All of Mr. Dimun's shares of
               common stock and the Dutch Company's capital stock are held in
               entities which he controls.

                                      -30-

         (10)  Mr. MacCallum's shares include 5,000 shares of common stock
               issuable upon the exercise of vested stock options and 26,900
               shares of common stock owned by the Dutch Company, representing
               Mr. MacCallum's proportionate equity interest in the shares of
               common stock owned by the Dutch Company. Mr. MacCallum has the
               right to cause the Dutch Company to transfer such 26,900 shares
               to him pursuant to an agreement with the Dutch Company.

         (11)  Professor Tormala's shares include 25,980 shares of common stock
               which Professor Tormala has the right to acquire upon exercise of
               options granted by the Issuer within 60 days after December 31,
               2002, 2000 shares owned by his wife and 1,026,080 shares of
               common stock which represents his proportionate equity interest
               in 2,588,254 shares of common stock owned by Bionix, B.V., a
               Dutch company. Professor Tormala has the right to cause the Dutch
               Company to transfer such 1,026,080 shares to him pursuant to an
               agreement with the Dutch Company. That agreement enables
               Professor Tormala to direct the voting by the Dutch Company of a
               specified number of shares of Bionx's common stock held by the
               Dutch Company. As of December 31, 2002, that specified number
               equals 1,956,676, representing Professor Tormala's proportionate
               equity interest in the 2,588,254 shares of common stock owned by
               the Dutch Company (1,026,080 shares) and the proportionate equity
               interest of all other Finnish investors in such 2,588,254 shares
               (930,596 shares). The table above excludes from Professor
               Tormala's beneficial ownership the 930,596 shares attributable to
               the equity interests of such other Finnish investors.

         (12)  Mr. Viitanen's shares include 24,910 shares of common stock
               issuable upon the exercise of vested stock options and 145,779
               shares of common stock owned by the Dutch Company, representing
               Mr. Viitanen's proportionate equity interest in the shares of
               common stock owned by the Dutch Company. Mr. Viitanen has the
               right to cause the Dutch Company to transfer such 145,779 shares
               to him pursuant to an agreement with the Dutch Company. All of
               Mr. Viitanen's shares of common stock and the Dutch Company's
               capital stock are held in entities which he controls.

         (13)  Mr. Karazin's shares include 22,123 shares of common stock held
               within Bionx's Investment Plan and 64,126 shares issuable to Mr.
               Karazin upon the exercise of vested stock options.

         (14)  Mr. Mahoney's shares include 8,000 shares of common stock
               issuable upon the exercise of vested stock options.

         (15)  Mr. Robbins' shares include 5,000 shares of common stock issuable
               upon the exercise of vested stock options.

         (16)  Includes 379,795 shares of common stock issuable upon the
               exercise of vested stock options, and 1,768,595 shares of common
               stock owned by the Dutch Company, representing the current
               directors' and executive officers' proportionate equity interest
               in the 2,588,254 shares of common stock owned by the Dutch
               Company. As of December 31, 2002, the current directors and
               executive officers as a group beneficially owned approximately
               68.3% of the equity associated with the capital stock of the
               Dutch Company. The current directors and executive officers of
               Bionx as a group have a right to vote substantially all of the
               2,588,254 shares of common stock owned by the Dutch Company. If
               all such 2,588,254 shares were deemed to be beneficially owned by
               Bionx's current directors and executive officers, such persons as
               a group would be deemed to be the beneficial owners of 6,497,281
               shares of common stock, representing 60.3% of the shares
               outstanding on December 31, 2002.

                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         The information in this proxy statement contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Statements that are not historical in nature, including statements about beliefs
and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
include statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "may",
"will", "should", "estimates", "predicts", "potential", "continue", "strategy",
"believes", "anticipates", "plans", "expects", "intends" and similar
expressions. The forward-looking statements in this proxy statement regarding us
and CONMED, including the combined company following the merger, relate to:

                                      -31-

         o    general economic conditions;

         o    changes in applicable laws and regulations;

         o    industry trends;

         o    dependence upon and/or loss of key employees;

         o    vendors or customers;

         o    customer demand;

         o    product availability;

         o    competition (including pricing and availability);

         o    distribution of products; and

         o    operating efficiencies or synergies.

         You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement. These
statements are based upon current expectations. We undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of
future events, new information or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ
materially from those projected. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each
such factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of
factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in
any forward-looking statements. In addition to general industry and economic
conditions, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to: (i) the impact of the Bionx merger on CONMED's net income in 2003 and
thereafter, (ii) the one-time charges to be recorded by CONMED in connection
with the Bionx merger, (iii) the failure of any one or more of the assumptions
of parties relating to the merger to prove to be correct; (iv) the risks
relating to forward-looking statements discussed in CONMED's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 and the Prospectus dated
May 22, 2002; (v) cyclical purchasing patterns from customers, end-users and
dealers; (vi) timely release of new products, and acceptance of such new
products by the market; (vii) the introduction of new products by competitors
and other competitive responses; (viii) the possibility that any new acquisition
or other transaction may require CONMED to reconsider its financial assumptions
and goals/targets; (ix) CONMED's ability to devise and execute strategies to
respond to market conditions; (x) Bionx's ability to implement previously
announced initiatives; (xi) the timing and effect of regulatory responses to
Bionx and/or (xii) the risks and uncertainties disclosed in Bionx's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

                          FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

         We intend to hold an annual meeting in 2003 only if the merger is not
completed. Proposals of stockholders, including nominations for our board of
directors, intended to be represented at the 2003 annual meeting of
stockholders, in the event that it is held, should be submitted by certified
mail, return receipt requested, and must be received at our executive offices on
or before _________ __, 2003, to be eligible for inclusion in our proxy
statement and form of proxy relating to that meeting and to be introduced for
action at the meeting.

                       WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

         CONMED and we file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any
reports, statements or other information filed with the SEC at the SEC's public
reference room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20549. Please call
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms.
You may also obtain copies of this information by mail from the Public Reference
Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024, at prescribed rates.
Public filings with the SEC are also available from commercial document
retrieval services and at the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov.

                                      -32-

         We have supplied all information in this proxy statement relating to
Bionx Implants, Inc. and its subsidiaries. CONMED has supplied all information
in this proxy statement relating to CONMED Corporation and Arrow Merger
Corporation.

                                           By Order of the Board of Directors

                                           ------------------------------------
                                           Drew Karazin, Secretary
Blue Bell, Pennsylvania
_________ __, 2003

                                                                         ANNEX A

                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

         THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Merger Agreement"), dated as
of January 13, 2003, is by and among CONMED Corporation, a New York corporation
(the "Purchaser"), Arrow Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly
owned subsidiary of the Purchaser ("Merger Sub"), and Bionx Implants, Inc., a
Pennsylvania corporation (the "Company").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Purchaser and the Board of
Directors of the Company have each determined that it is advisable to merge the
Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "Merger") pursuant to this Merger
Agreement, with the result that the holders of the outstanding shares (the
"Shares") of Common Stock of the Company, par value $.0019 per share (the
"Company Common Stock"), shall receive a payment in cash for each Share as
provided in this Merger Agreement and the Company shall become a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Purchaser;

         WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of the Purchaser and the
Company have determined that the Merger is in furtherance of and consistent with
their respective business strategies and is in the best interest of their
respective shareholders, and the Purchaser has approved this Merger Agreement
and the Merger as the sole shareholder of Merger Sub; and

         WHEREAS, as a condition to and inducement to the Purchaser's and Merger
Sub's willingness to enter into this Merger Agreement, simultaneously with the
execution of this Merger Agreement, certain shareholders of the Company are
entering into voting agreements with the Purchaser and Merger Sub (the "Voting
Agreements").

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
covenants herein contained, the Purchaser, Merger Sub and the Company hereby
agree as follows:

                                 1. THE MERGER

         1.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein, at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.4 hereof), in accordance
with this Merger Agreement and the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law of
1988, as amended (the "Pennsylvania Law"), Merger Sub shall be merged with and
into the Company, the separate existence of Merger Sub (except as may be
continued by operation of law) shall cease, and the Company shall continue as
the surviving corporation. The Company hereinafter sometimes is referred to as
the "Surviving Corporation".

         1.2 Effect of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth
in Section 1929 of the Pennsylvania Law.

         1.3 Closing. The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place
(i) at the offices of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, 125 Broad Street, New York, New
York at 9:00 A.M. on the first business day after the date on which the last to
be fulfilled or waived of the conditions set forth in Article 7 (other than
those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but
subject to the fulfillment or waiver of those conditions) shall be satisfied or
waived in accordance with this Merger Agreement or (ii) at such other place and
time and/or on such other date as the Company and Purchase may agree in writing
(the "Closing Date").

         1.4 Consummation of the Merger. As soon as is practicable after the
Closing, the parties hereto will cause the Merger to be consummated by filing
Articles of Merger with the Department of State of the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, in such form as required by, and executed in accordance with, the
relevant provisions of applicable law. The time of the filing of the Articles of
Merger with the Department of State of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is
referred to herein as the "Effective Time".

         1.5 Articles of Incorporation; By Laws. The Articles of Incorporation
and By-Laws of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, shall be the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Surviving
Corporation, and thereafter shall continue to be its Articles of Incorporation
and By-Laws until amended as provided therein and under Pennsylvania Law.

         1.6 Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation.

             (a) The directors of Merger Sub shall be the initial directors of
the Surviving Corporation and shall hold office from the Effective Time until
their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualify in the
manner provided in the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Surviving
Corporation, or as otherwise provided by law.

             (b) The officers of Merger Sub at the Effective Time shall be the
initial officers of the Surviving Corporation and shall hold office from the
Effective Time until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed
and qualify in the manner provided in the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws
of the Surviving Corporation, or as otherwise provided by law.

         1.7 Dissenters Rights. In accordance with Section 1571 of the
Pennsylvania Law, no appraisal rights shall be available to holders of Shares in
connection with the Merger.

                            2. Conversion and Payment

         2.1 Conversion of Securities. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the
Merger and without any action on the part of Merger Sub, the Company or the
holder of any of the securities of the Company or Merger Sub:

             (a) Each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time (other than Shares to be canceled pursuant to Section 2.1(b)
hereof) shall be canceled and extinguished and be converted into and represent
the right to receive from the Surviving Corporation $4.35 in cash, without
interest (the "Merger Consideration"). All such Shares, by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of the holders of the Shares, shall no longer
be outstanding and shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of a certificate representing any such Shares shall thereafter cease
to have any rights with respect to such Shares, except the right to receive the
Merger Consideration for such Shares upon the surrender of such certificate in
accordance with Section 2.3.

                                       -2-

             (b) Each Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time that is (i) held in the treasury of the Company or (ii) owned by
the Purchaser or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Purchaser (including
the Merger Sub) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of the holder thereof, cease to be outstanding, shall be canceled and
retired and no payment shall be made with respect thereto.

             (c) Each share of common stock, par value $.0019 per share, of the
Surviving Corporation issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be converted into and become one validly issued, fully paid and
non-assessable share of common stock, no par value, of the Surviving
Corporation.

         2.2 Payment Fund. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, the
Purchaser shall deposit or shall cause to be deposited with the Disbursing Agent
(as defined in Section 2.3 hereof) in a separate fund established for the
benefit of the holders of Shares, for payment in accordance with this Article 2
through the Disbursing Agent (the "Payment Fund"), immediately available funds
in amounts necessary to make the payments pursuant to this Article 2 to holders
of Shares (other than the Company, the Purchaser, Merger Sub or any other
subsidiary of the Purchaser). The Disbursing Agent shall, pursuant to
irrevocable instructions delivered prior to the Effective Time, pay the Merger
Consideration out of the Payment Fund.

         The Disbursing Agent shall invest portions of the Payment Fund as the
Purchaser directs in obligations of or guaranteed by the United States of
America, in commercial paper obligations receiving the highest investment grade
rating from both Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor's Ratings
Services, a Division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, or in certificates of
deposit, bank repurchase agreements or banker's acceptances of commercial banks
with capital exceeding $1,000,000,000 (collectively, "Permitted Investments");
provided, however, that the maturities of Permitted Investments shall be such as
to permit the Disbursing Agent to make prompt payment to former holders of
Shares entitled thereto as contemplated by this Article 2. The Purchaser shall
cause the Payment Fund to be promptly replenished to the extent of any losses
incurred as a result of Permitted Investments. All earnings of Permitted
Investments shall be paid to the Purchaser. If, for any reason (including losses
incurred as a result of Permitted Investments), the Payment Fund is inadequate
to pay the amounts to which holders of Shares shall be entitled under this
Article 2, the Purchaser shall in any event be liable for payment thereof. The
Payment Fund shall not be used for any purpose except as expressly provided in
this Merger Agreement.

         2.3 Payment of Cash for Shares. Each holder of a certificate or
certificates representing Shares canceled upon consummation of the Merger
pursuant to Section 2.1(a) hereof may thereafter surrender such certificate to a
disbursing agent to be designated by the Purchaser and reasonably satisfactory
to the Company (the "Disbursing Agent"), as agent for such holders of Shares, to
effect the surrender of such certificates on their behalf for a period ending
twelve months after the Effective Time. The Purchaser agrees that promptly after
the Effective Time it will distribute to such holders a form of letter of
transmittal and instructions (in the form and substance of a letter of
transmittal and instructions to be approved by the Company prior to the

                                       -3-

Effective Time, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) for use in
effecting the surrender of the certificates which, immediately prior to the
Effective Time, represented Shares in exchange for payment therefor. Each such
holder shall be entitled upon surrender of one or more certificates formerly
representing Shares, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed and
completed in accordance with the instructions thereto, to receive in exchange
therefor a check representing the amount to which such holder is entitled in
respect of the canceled Shares represented by such certificates after giving
effect to any required federal, state or local withholding, transfer, stamp,
sales or similar Taxes. Until so surrendered and exchanged, each such
certificate shall, after the Effective Time, be deemed to represent only the
right to receive such amount. If payment is to be made to a person other than
the person in whose name a surrendered certificate is registered, it shall be a
condition to such payment that the certificate so surrendered shall be endorsed
or shall be otherwise in proper form for transfer, with the registered owner's
signature guaranteed by a firm which is a member of a registered national
securities exchange or of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
or by a commercial bank or trust company having an office or correspondent in
the United States, and that the person requesting such payment shall have paid
any transfer and other Taxes required by reason of such payment in a name other
than that of the registered holder of the certificate surrendered or shall have
established to the satisfaction of the Purchaser or the Disbursing Agent that
such Tax either has been paid or is not payable. If any of the cash deposited
with the Disbursing Agent pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof for purposes of payment
in exchange for such Shares remains unclaimed following the expiration of 180
days after the Effective Time, such cash shall be delivered to the Purchaser by
the Disbursing Agent, and thereafter the Disbursing Agent shall not be liable to
any persons claiming any amount of such cash and the surrender and exchange
shall be effected directly with the Purchaser. None of Purchaser, the Surviving
Corporation, the Disbursing Agent or any other Person shall be liable to any
former holder of Shares for any amount properly delivered to a public official
pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws. No interest
shall accrue or be payable with respect to any amounts which any holder shall be
entitled to receive. The Purchaser or the Disbursing Agent shall be authorized
to pay the cash attributable to any certificate theretofore issued which has
been lost or destroyed, but only upon receipt of satisfactory evidence of
ownership of the Shares represented thereby and of appropriate indemnification.
From and after the Effective Time, the holders of certificates evidencing
ownership of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Merger shall cease to
have any rights with respect to such Shares except as otherwise provided herein
or by law.

         2.4 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time after
the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out
the purposes of this Merger Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with
full rights, title and possession to all assets, properties, rights, privileges,
immunities and franchises of either the Company or Merger Sub, the officers and
directors of each such corporation are fully authorized in the name of such
corporation or otherwise to take, and shall take, all such lawful and necessary
action.

         2.5 Transfer of Shares After Effective Time. No transfers of Shares
shall be made on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation at or
after the Effective Time.

         2.6 Exercise and Cancellation of Company Options. Prior to the
Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Company or, if appropriate, a
committee thereof shall adopt appropriate resolutions and take all other actions

                                       -4-

necessary and appropriate to provide that, immediately prior to the Effective
Time, each unexpired and unexercised option or similar right to purchase Company
Common Stock (the "Company Options or the "Stock Options") under the Company's
Stock Option Plan (as defined in Section 4.4 hereof) or Investment Plan (as
defined in Section 4.4 hereof) or any stock option plan, agreement or
arrangement of the Company (collectively, the "Company Stock Option Plans")
shall become exercisable and vested with respect to all of the shares of Company
Common Stock subject thereto, and, immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be cancelled (except to the extent that such cancellation is not permitted under
the terms of the Company's Investment Plan) and, in exchange therefore, each
former holder of any such cancelled Company Option shall be entitled to receive,
in consideration of the cancellation of such Company Option and in settlement
therefore, a payment in cash (subject to any applicable Taxes required by
applicable law to be withheld) in an amount equal to the product of (A) the
total number of shares of Company Common Stock previously subject to such
Company Option and (B) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the
exercise price per share of Company Common Stock previously subject to such
Company Option (such amounts payable hereunder with respect to all Company
Options being referred to as the "Option Payments"). From and after the
Effective Time, any such cancelled Company Option shall no longer be exercisable
by the former holder thereof, but shall only entitle such holder to the payment
of the Option Payment. The Company shall use its best efforts to ensure that
former holders of Company Options will have no rights other than the right to
receive their respective portion of the Option Payments, including obtaining
consents from holders of Company Options under the Company's Investment Plan.
The Company has delivered to the Purchaser consents signed by holders of Company
Options covering all but 18,624 of the shares issuable upon exercise of Company
Options granted pursuant to the Company's Investment Plan and shall use its best
efforts to obtain similar consents from all other holders of such Company
Options as soon as practicable. The Purchaser shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to pay any Option Payment not paid prior to the Effective Time.

               3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER

         The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

         3.1 Organization and Qualification. Each of the Purchaser and Merger
Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has the requisite corporate
power to carry on its respective business as now conducted. The Purchaser is
duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing
in each jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned or leased or
the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except where
the failure to be so qualified is not reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on the Purchaser and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.

         3.2 Authority Relative to this Merger Agreement. Each of the Purchaser
and Merger Sub has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into
this Merger Agreement and to carry out its respective obligations hereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Merger Agreement by the Purchaser and Merger Sub
and the consummation by the Purchaser and Merger Sub of the transactions

                                       -5-

contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by the respective Boards of
Directors of the Purchaser and Merger Sub and by the Purchaser as the sole
shareholder of Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the
Purchaser or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize this Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby. This Merger Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered by the Purchaser and Merger Sub and constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of each such entity. Neither the Purchaser nor Merger Sub is
subject to or obligated under any provision of (i) its respective Certificate or
Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws, (ii) any contract, agreement, mortgage,
indenture or other document, (iii) any license, franchise or permit or (iv) any
law, regulation, order, judgment or decree, which would be breached or violated
or in respect of which a right of termination or acceleration or any encumbrance
on any of its assets would be created by its execution and performance of this
Merger Agreement, except (as to (ii), (iii) or (iv) above) where such breach,
violation or right would not individually, or in the aggregate, prevent or
materially delay the Purchaser or Merger Sub from performing its obligations
under this Merger Agreement. The consummation of Merger by the Purchaser and
Merger Sub will not require the consent or approval of any party other than (i)
satisfaction of applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), state "blue sky" or takeover laws and the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR
Act"), (ii) filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required
by the Pennsylvania Law and (iii) where failure to obtain such consents or
approvals would not prevent or materially delay the Purchaser or Merger Sub from
performing its obligations under this Merger Agreement.

         3.3 Financing. The Purchaser has cash, marketable securities or credit
available for use in connection with the acquisition of the Company in an
aggregate amount sufficient to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

         3.4 Merger Sub Formation. Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose
of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement. Since the
date of its incorporation, Merger Sub has not carried on any business or
conducted any operations other than execution of this Merger Agreement, the
performance of its obligations hereunder and related ancillary matters.

         3.5 Ownership of Company Common Stock. As of the date of this Merger
Agreement, the Purchaser does not own any shares of Company Common Stock.

                4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

         Except as set forth in the corresponding sections or subsections of the
disclosure letter delivered to the Purchaser by the Company prior to entering
into this Merger Agreement (the "Disclosure Letter" or "Company Disclosure
Schedule"), the Company hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser and
Merger Sub that:

         4.1 Organization and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and has the requisite corporate power to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified as a
foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in each
jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned or leased or the nature

                                       -6-

of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure
to be so qualified would not have a "Material Adverse Effect". As used in this
Merger Agreement, the term "Material Adverse Effect" shall mean any development,
effect or change that, individually, or in the aggregate with such other
developments, effects or changes, has had, or could reasonably be expected to
have, a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, revenues,
results of operations, properties, assets or liabilities of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (as defined in Section 9.4 hereof), taken as a whole, other than
any such development, effect or change resulting from (i) the loss of revenues
from the Company's sales agents, distributors or dealers ("Distributors")
resulting from the announcement of this Merger Agreement or any payments made by
the Company to Distributors as described in Section 6.10 of the Disclosure
Letter, (ii) changes in general economic conditions in the United States or
abroad (including, without limitation, any effect that acts of terrorism or
outbreak of war have on such general economic conditions), or (iii) legal,
governmental or regulatory factors (including, without limitation, any effect
that acts or terrorism or outbreak of war have on such legal, governmental or
regulatory factors) generally affecting companies in the Company's industry;
provided, in each case of clauses (ii) and (iii), that the Company is not
materially disproportionately affected, as compared to other companies in the
Company's industry, by such developments, effects, changes or factors.

         4.2 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws. The Articles of
Incorporation and By-Laws in the form attached to Section 4.2 of the Disclosure
Letter are the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Company as in effect
on the date of this Merger Agreement.

         4.3 Subsidiaries. Each of the Company's Subsidiaries is a corporation
or other entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has the requisite power (corporate
or otherwise) to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Each such
Subsidiary is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other entity to do
business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of
its properties, owned or leased, or the nature of its activities makes such
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified is not
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. All of the outstanding
shares of capital stock or ownership interests of each of the Company's
Subsidiaries are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by
the Company or by a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, free and clear of
all liens, claims, pledges or encumbrances, and there are no proxies outstanding
with respect to such shares or interests. Section 4.3 of the Disclosure Letter
sets forth a true and complete list of the ownership interests of the Company or
its Subsidiaries in the Subsidiaries and in any other corporation, partnership,
joint venture or other business association or entity.

         4.4 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company
consists of 8,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share (the
"Preferred Stock"), and 31,600,000 shares of Company Common Stock. As of the
date hereof, (i) no shares of Preferred Stock were outstanding, (ii) 10,773,397
shares of Company Common Stock were outstanding, all of which were validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable, (iii) 99,716 shares of Company Common
Stock were held in the treasury of the Company, (iv) 2,181,313 shares of Company
Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company's 1996 Stock
Option Plan (the "Stock Option Plan"), a copy of which has been furnished
previously to the Purchaser, (v) 394,536 shares of Company Common Stock were

                                       -7-

reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company's Investment Plan (the "Investment
Plan"), a copy of which has been furnished previously to the Purchaser, (vi)
options to purchase 1,095,479 shares of Company Common Stock were outstanding
under the Stock Option Plan, and (vii) options to purchase 149,639 shares were
outstanding under the Investment Plan. Section 4.4 of the Disclosure Letter sets
forth a true and complete listing of all Stock Options outstanding on the date
hereof, showing, as of the date hereof, the names of the holders of such Stock
Options, the number of Stock Options so held and the exercise prices of such
Stock Options. Except as set forth above and except as set forth in Section 4.4
of the Disclosure Letter, there are not now, and at the Effective Time there
will not be, any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company or
its Subsidiaries issued or outstanding, any preemptive or other outstanding
rights, options, warrants, conversion rights, stock appreciation rights,
redemption rights, repurchase rights, agreements, arrangements, calls,
commitments or rights of any kind that obligate the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to issue or sell any shares of capital stock or other securities of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any securities or obligations
convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable for, or giving any Person a
right to subscribe for or acquire, any securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and no securities or obligations evidencing such rights are or
will be at the Effective Time authorized, issued or outstanding. The Company
does not have outstanding any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the
holders of which have the right to vote (or convertible into or exercisable for
securities having the right to vote) with the stockholders of the Company on any
matter. After the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will have no
obligation to issue, transfer or sell any Shares or common stock of the
Surviving Corporation pursuant to any Benefit Plan (as defined in Section
4.9(a), other than with respect to Company Options granted under the Investment
Plan that have not been cancelled).

         4.5 Authority Relative to this Merger Agreement; Approval; Fairness.
The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this
Merger Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. The execution and
delivery of this Merger Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the
Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by the
Board of Directors of the Company and no other corporate proceedings on the part
of the Company are necessary to authorize this Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, except for any required approval of the Merger
by holders of a majority of the votes cast at the Company Shareholders' Meeting
by holders of the Company Common Stock (assuming a quorum is present) as set
forth in Section 6.2 of this Merger Agreement (the "Company Requisite Vote").
This Merger Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable in
accordance with its terms. The Board of Directors of the Company (A) has
unanimously approved this Merger Agreement and the Merger and other transactions
contemplated hereby and (B) has received the opinion of its financial advisors,
U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray, to the effect that the consideration to be received
by the holders of the Shares in the Merger is fair to such holders from a
financial point of view, a copy of which opinion shall be delivered to the
Purchaser within one (1) business day after the date hereof. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Merger Agreement by the Company do not, and the
consummation by the Company of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby will not, constitute or result in (A) a breach or violation
of, or a default under, the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Company
or the comparable governing instruments of any of its Subsidiaries, (B) a breach
or violation of, a default under, the acceleration of any obligations under or
the creation of a lien, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance on the

                                       -8-

assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (with or without notice, lapse
of time or both) pursuant to, any agreement, lease, license, contract, note,
mortgage, indenture, arrangement or other obligation ("Contracts") binding upon
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Law (as defined in Section 4.13
hereof) or permit, franchise or license to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is subject or (C) any change in the rights or obligations of any
party under any of the Contracts, except, in the case of clause (B) or (C)
above, for any breach, violation, default, acceleration, creation or change
that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect or prevent, materially delay or materially impair the
ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Merger Agreement. Section 4.5 of the Disclosure Letter sets forth a correct and
complete list of Contracts of the Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to which
consents or waivers are or may be required prior to consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement (whether or not subject to
the exception set forth with respect to clauses (B) and (C) above). Except as
set forth in Section 4.5 of the Disclosure Letter, the consummation of the
Merger by the Company and the other transactions contemplated hereby will not
require the consent or approval of or registration or filing with any Federal,
state or local government or any court, administrative or regulatory agency or
commission or other governmental authority or agency, domestic or foreign, other
than (i) approval of the Company's shareholders, (ii) applicable requirements,
if any, of the Exchange Act, state "blue sky" or takeover laws and the HSR Act
and (iii) filing and recordation of appropriate merger documents as required by
the Pennsylvania Law. To the knowledge of the Company, no state takeover statute
or similar statute or regulation (each, a "Takeover Statute") applies or
purports to apply to the Merger, this Merger Agreement or any of the
transactions contemplated hereby. To the full extent possible, the Company has
opted out of Sections 1715, 2538, 25E, 25F, 25G and 25H of the Pennsylvania Law.
By virtue of resolutions approved by the Company's Board of Directors, the
Merger, this Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby will not
be subject to the provisions set forth in Article 11 of the Company's articles
of incorporation. Pursuant to Pennsylvania Law, no shareholder of the Company
shall have any dissenters or appraisal rights with respect to the Merger.

         4.6 Commission Filings. The Company has previously delivered to the
Purchaser (i) its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2001, and any amendments thereto, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the "SEC") (as amended through the date hereof, the "10-K"), (ii)
its proxy statement relating to the Company's meetings of shareholders (whether
annual or special) during 2002, as filed with the SEC, and (iii) all other
reports filed by the Company with the SEC under the Exchange Act since January
1, 2000 (collectively, the "SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, the
SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder and applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents
contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries included
in the SEC Documents previously provided to the Purchaser comply as to form in
all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and published
rules of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during
the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and
except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q and

                                       -9-

Regulation S-X of the SEC) and fairly present the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates
thereof and the consolidated results of their operations, changes in
shareholders' equity (to the extent applicable) and statements of cash flow for
the periods then ended, subject, in the case of the unaudited consolidated
interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments and any other
adjustments described therein. The consolidated unaudited financial statements
of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the period ended September 30, 2002 (the
"Unaudited Third Quarter Financial Statements") previously provided to the
Purchaser have been prepared using the same accounting principles and policies
and in a manner consistent with the consolidated financial statements of the
Company and its Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2001 included in
the 10-K and fairly present the consolidated financial position of the Company
and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2002 and the consolidated
results of their operations and statement of cash flows for the nine months
ended September 30, 2002. As of the date hereof, the Company has not filed any
definitive reports or statements with the SEC since November 22, 2002. The
Company will provide the Purchaser with each draft version of the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including documents incorporated therein by
reference, for the year ended December 31, 2002, promptly after preparation of
such draft.

         4.7 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since December 31, 2001,
except as set forth in Section 4.7 of the Disclosure Letter or SEC Documents,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has: (a) suffered any Material
Adverse Effect or any development, event, change or condition that could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) conducted its
business and operations, or engaged in any material transaction, other than in
the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices except,
subsequent to the date hereof, as permitted by Section 5.1 hereof, (c) suffered
any material damage, destruction or other casualty loss with respect to any
material asset or property owned, leased or otherwise used by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries, whether or not covered by insurance, (d) made any
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution in
cash, stock or property in respect of the capital stock of the Company or (e)
made any change in accounting principles, practices or methods other than as
required by generally accepted accounting principles. Since December 31, 2001,
except as provided for herein or as disclosed in the SEC Documents and other
than in the ordinary course, there has not been any increase in the compensation
payable or which could become payable by the Company and its Subsidiaries to
their officers or key employees, or any amendment of any Benefit Plans.

         4.8 Litigation and Liabilities. Except as disclosed in Section 4.8 of
the Disclosure Letter or SEC Documents, there are no (i) civil, criminal or
administrative actions, suits, claims, hearings, investigations or proceedings
pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of the Company,
threatened against the Company or any of its affiliates or (ii) material
obligations or liabilities, whether or not accrued, contingent, unasserted or
otherwise and whether or not required to be disclosed, or any other facts or
circumstances of which the executive officers of the Company have knowledge that
could result in any claims against, or obligations or liabilities of, the
Company or any of its affiliates except for, in the case of clause (ii),
obligations or liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices. Section 4.8 of the Disclosure Letter identifies and sets
forth the amount of the obligations or liabilities, whether or not accrued,
contingent, unasserted or otherwise and whether or not required to be disclosed,
of the Company or any of its affiliates resulting from the execution of this
Merger Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                      -10-

         4.9 Employee Benefits.

             (a) True and complete copies of all documents comprising Benefit
Plans have been provided to the Purchaser. For purposes of this Merger
Agreement, the term "Benefit Plan" includes any plan, contract or arrangement
(regardless of whether funded or unfunded, or foreign or domestic) which is
sponsored by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries makes contributions or which covers any employee of the
Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in his or her capacity as an employee
or to which the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company has any obligation with
respect to any current or former employee, and which is (i) an "Employee Benefit
Plan" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), (ii) a severance contract with (an)
employee(s) or any severance plan applicable to employees, or (iii) a stock
option plan or any other plan of deferred compensation.

             (b) All Benefit Plans are valid and binding and in full force and
effect and there are no material defaults thereunder. Each Benefit Plan complies
currently, and has complied in the past, in all material respects in form and
operation, with all applicable provisions of ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code"), and other applicable law, except for failures to
comply which is not reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except
as set forth in Section 4.9 of the Disclosure Letter, the Company does not
sponsor any "employee pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2)
of ERISA ("Pension Plan") which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a)
of the Code or provide any retiree health and life benefits under any Benefit
Plan (excluding (i) continuation coverage required under the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 and (ii) as set forth in Section 4.9
of the Disclosure Letter, to the extent not material, any written arrangements
for post-termination of employment medical or life coverage between the Company
and any individual). There is no pending or, to the knowledge of senior
management of the Company, threatened litigation relating to the Benefit Plans,
except for pending or threatened litigation that is not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in, or failed to engage in, a
transaction with respect to any Benefit Plan that is reasonably likely to
subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a Tax or penalty imposed by
either Section 4975 or 4980B of the Code or Section 502(i), 502(c), 502(1) and
601 through 608 of ERISA in an amount which would have a Material Adverse
Effect.

             (c) No Benefit Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA (including any
"multiemployer plan" as defined in ERISA) has been sponsored or contributed to
by the Company or any Subsidiary during the six-year period immediately
preceding the date of this Merger Agreement.

             (d) All contributions required to be made, and claims to be paid,
under the terms of any Benefit Plan have been timely made or reserves therefor
on the balance sheet of the Company have been established, which reserves are
adequate in all material respects.

                                      -11-

         4.10 Taxes. For the purposes of this Section 4.10, the term "Tax" shall
include all Taxes, charges, withholdings (including, without limitation, any
income, social security and employment Tax withholding for all types of
compensation), fees, levies, penalties, additions, interest or other assessments
imposed by any United States federal, state or local authority or any other
Taxing authority on the Company or any of its Tax Affiliates (as defined below)
as to their respective income, profit, franchise, gross receipts, payroll,
sales, employment, worker's compensation, use, property, withholding, excise,
occupancy, environmental and other Taxes, duties or assessments of any nature
whatsoever. The Company has filed or caused to be filed timely (taking into
account all extensions validly applied by the Company) all material federal,
state, local and foreign Tax returns including all informational returns
required to be filed by each of it and any member of its consolidated, combined,
unitary or similar group (each such member, a "Tax Affiliate"). Such returns,
reports and other information are accurate and complete in all material
respects. The Company has made available to Purchaser true and correct copies of
the United States federal income Tax returns and Pennsylvania corporate income
Tax and capital stock and franchise Tax returns for each of the three most
recent years ending on or before December 31, 2002. The Company has timely paid
or caused to be paid or has made adequate provision or set up an adequate
accrual or reserve on its balance sheet (in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles) for the payment of, all Taxes due or payable (without
regard to whether such Taxes have been assessed) in respect of the periods for
which returns are due, and has established (or will establish at least
quarterly) an adequate accrual or reserve for the payment of all Taxes due or
payable (without regard to whether such Taxes have been assessed) in respect of
the first period following the last period for which returns are due. Neither
the Company nor any of its Tax Affiliates has any material liability for Taxes
in excess of the amount so paid or accruals or reserves so established. No
deficiencies for any Tax in excess of the amount reserved or provided therefor
has, to the knowledge of the senior management of the Company, been threatened,
claimed, proposed or assessed. No waiver or extension of time to assess any
Taxes has been given or requested and remains in effect on the date hereof. As
of the date hereof and except as disclosed in its SEC Documents or in Section
4.10 of the Disclosure Letter, there is no outstanding audit examination,
deficiency, refund litigation or outstanding waivers or agreements extending the
applicable statute of limitations for the assessment of collection of any Taxes
for any period with respect to any Taxes of the Company or any of its Tax
Affiliates. Neither the Company nor any of its Tax Affiliates is a party to any
Tax sharing, indemnification or similar agreement or any agreement pursuant to
which the Company or any of its Tax Affiliates has any obligation to any party
(other than Company or one of its Tax Affiliates) with respect to any Taxes or
is or was a member of any affiliated group filing combined, consolidated or
unitary Tax returns other than a group of which the Company is or was the common
parent. Neither the Company nor any of its Tax Affiliates has been a party to
any distribution occurring during the last two (2) years in which the parties to
such distribution treated such distribution as one to which Section 355 of the
Code applied. No liens with respect to Taxes exist with respect to Company or
any of its Tax Affiliates other than statutory liens for Taxes not yet due and
payable or that are being contested in good faith and reserved for (in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) on the Company's
balance sheet.

                                      -12-

         4.11 Information Supplied. Any proxy statement mailed by the Company to
the holders of Shares after the date hereof and all amendments and supplements
thereto will comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and
will not, at the time of (a) the first mailing thereof or (b) the meeting called
pursuant to Section 6.2, if any, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading, except that no representation is made by the
Company with respect to information supplied by the Purchaser or Merger Sub
expressly for inclusion in such proxy statement.

         4.12 Licenses and Permits; Governmental Notices.

              (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries have obtained all material
licenses and permits necessary to conduct their respective businesses and to own
and operate their respective assets and such licenses and permits are valid and
in full force and effect. No material defaults or violations exist or have been
recorded in respect of any such license or permit. No proceeding is pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened looking toward the revocation,
limitation or non-renewal of any such license or permit.

              (b) Since December 31, 2001, except as set forth in the SEC
Documents and Section 4.12 of the Disclosure Letter, the Company has not
received any written notice regarding, and has not been made a party to, any
proceeding alleging that (a) the Company is, or may be in, violation of any law,
governmental regulation or order, (b) the Company must change any of its
business practices to remain in compliance with any law, governmental regulation
or order, (c) the Company has failed to obtain any license or permit required
for the conduct of its business, or (d) the Company is in default under or
violation of any license or permit.

         4.13 Compliance with Laws. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports filed
prior to the date hereof and Section 4.13 of the Disclosure Letter, the
businesses of each of the Company and its Subsidiaries have not been, and are
not being, conducted in violation in any material respect of any federal, state,
local or foreign law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order,
injunction, decree, arbitration award, agency requirement, license or permit of
any governmental authority (collectively, "Laws"). Except as set forth in the
SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof, no investigation or review by any
governmental authority with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, nor has any
governmental authority indicated an intention to conduct the same. To the
knowledge of the Company, no material change is required in the Company's or any
of its Subsidiaries' processes, properties or procedures in connection with any
such Laws, and the Company has not received any notice or communication of any
material noncompliance with any such Laws that has not been cured as of the date
hereof.

         4.14 Insurance. As of the date hereof, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries are covered under insurance policies and programs which provide
coverage to the Company and its Subsidiaries by insurers, reasonably believed by
the Company to be of recognized financial responsibility and solvency, against
such losses and risks and in such amounts as are customary in the businesses in
which they are engaged. All material policies of insurance and fidelity or
surety bonds insuring the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective
businesses, assets, employees, officers and directors of which the Company has
copies have previously been made available for inspection by the Purchaser and
are in full force and effect. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.14 of
the Disclosure Letter or SEC Documents, as of the date hereof, there are no
material claims by the Company or any Subsidiary under any such policy or
instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending
under a reservation of rights clause other than a customary reservation of
rights clause. All necessary notifications of claims have been made to insurance
carriers other than those where the failure to so notify is not reasonably
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                                      -13-

         4.15 Contracts. Section 4.15 of the Disclosure Letter sets forth a true
and complete list of the following contracts to which the Company or its
Subsidiaries is a party (the "Material Contracts"):

              (a) any contract with respect to which revenues of $50,000 or more
were generated in 2002 or any contract committing the Company to expenses of
$50,000 or more in the United States, or $100,000 or more outside the United
States, in 2003;

              (b) any lease of real property or any lease of personal property
with an annual rental of more than $20,000;

              (c) any contract or agreement for capital expenditures in excess
of $20,000;

              (d) any employee collective bargaining agreement or other contract
with any labor union;

              (e) any covenant not to compete or contract or agreement that
purports to limit in any material respect either the type of business in which
the Company or its Subsidiaries (or, after giving effect to the Merger,
Purchaser or its Subsidiaries) may engage or the manner or locations in which
any of them may so engage in any business;

              (f) any agreement, contract or other arrangement under which the
Company or any Subsidiary has borrowed any money from, or issued any note, bond,
debenture or other evidence of indebtedness to, any third-party, other than with
respect to indebtedness that has been repaid in full;

              (g) any agreement, contract or other arrangement providing for (A)
the acquisition, directly or indirectly, whether by merger, consolidation or
otherwise, of assets (whether tangible or intangible) or the capital stock or
other equity interests of another entity (other than the acquisition of
inventory in the ordinary course) or (B) the disposition, directly or
indirectly, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of assets (whether
tangible or intangible) or the capital stock of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
other than sales or dispositions of assets in the ordinary course of business or
in connection with the disposition of obsolete inventory;

              (h) any agreement, contract or other arrangement to which the
Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by or to which it or any of its assets
or business is bound or subject which has an aggregate future liability to any
entity in excess of $125,000 and is not terminable by the Company or any
Subsidiary by notice of not more than 60 days for a cost of less than $25,000;
and

                                      -14-

              (i) any agreement with any executive officer or other key employee
of the Company or any Subsidiary (A) the benefits of which are contingent, or
the terms of which are materially altered, upon the occurrence of a transaction
involving the Company or any Subsidiary of the nature of any of the transactions
contemplated by this Merger Agreement, (B) providing any term of employment or
compensation guarantee extending for a period longer than three years or (C)
providing severance benefits or other benefits after the termination of
employment of such executive officer or key employee not comparable to benefits
available to employees generally.

All written Material Contracts are legally valid and binding obligations of the
Company and in full force and effect, and there are no defaults by the Company
or any Subsidiary thereunder, except those defaults that would not, individually
or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Company has previously made available for inspection by the Purchaser all
Material Contracts.

         4.16 Title to Properties. Except as set forth in Section 4.16 of the
Disclosure Letter, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good title to all real,
personal and intangible property reflected in the Company's September 30, 2002
consolidated balance sheet previously delivered to Purchaser (except as disposed
of since such date in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of all
mortgages, security interests, liens, encumbrances, restrictions and other
burdens ("Liens"), other than statutory liens for current Taxes or assessments
not yet due or delinquent or the validity or amount of which is being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and has been reserved for (to the
extent required under generally accepted accounting principles) on the Company's
balance sheet, (ii) mechanics', carriers', workers', repairers' and other
similar liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business relating to
obligations as to which there is no default on the part of the Company or its
Subsidiaries or the validity or amount of which is being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings, or pledges, deposits or other liens securing the
performance of bids, trade contracts, leases or statutory obligations (including
workers' compensation, unemployment insurance or other social security
legislation), (iii) zoning, entitlement, conservation restriction and other land
use and environmental regulations by governmental authorities which,
individually or in the aggregate, do not materially interfere with the present
use or operation of the assets or business of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
and (iv) all exceptions, restrictions, easements, charges, rights-of-way and
other encumbrances set forth in any state, local or municipal franchise under
which such business is conducted which, individually or in the aggregate, do not
materially interfere with the present use or operation of such assets or
business.

         4.17 Labor Matters. Except as set forth in Section 4.17 of the
Disclosure Letter, there are no collective bargaining or other labor union
agreements to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by
which any of them is bound. To the knowledge of the Company, since January 1,
2000, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has encountered any labor
union organizing activity, or had any actual or threatened employee strikes,
work stoppages, slowdowns or lockouts.

                                      -15-

         4.18 Environmental Matters. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports
prior to the date hereof and except for such matters that, alone or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
(i) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied at all times with all
applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) to the knowledge of the executive officers
of the Company, no property currently owned or operated by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries (including soils, groundwater, surface water, buildings or
other structures) is contaminated with any Hazardous Substance; (iii) to the
knowledge of the executive officers of the Company, no property formerly owned
or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries was contaminated with any
Hazardous Substance during or prior to such period of ownership or operation;
(iv) to the knowledge of the executive officers of the Company, neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to liability for any Hazardous
Substance disposal or contamination on any third party property; (v) neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has released or threatened to release of any
Hazardous Substance; (vi) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any notice, demand, letter, claim or request for information alleging
that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may be in violation of or subject to
liability under any Environmental Law; (vii) neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is subject to any order, decree, injunction or other arrangement
with any governmental authority or any indemnity or other agreement with any
third party relating to liability under any Environmental Law or relating to
Hazardous Substances; and (viii) to the knowledge of the executive officers of
the Company, there are no other circumstances or conditions involving the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result
in any claim, liability, investigation, cost or restriction on the ownership,
use, or transfer of any property pursuant to any Environmental Law. The Company
has delivered to Purchaser copies of all environmental reports, studies,
assessments, sampling data and other environmental information in its possession
relating to Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective current and former
properties or operations.

                  As used herein, the term "Environmental Law" means any
federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, regulation, order, decree,
permit, authorization, opinion, common law or agency requirement relating to:
(A) the protection, investigation or restoration of the environment, health,
safety, or natural resources, (B) the handling, use, presence, disposal, release
or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance or (C) noise, odor, indoor air,
wetlands, pollution, contamination or any injury or threat of injury to persons
or property relating to any Hazardous Substance.

                  As used herein, the term "Hazardous Substance" means any
substance that is: (A) listed, classified or regulated pursuant to any
Environmental Law; (B) any petroleum product or by-product, asbestos-containing
material, lead-containing paint or plumbing, polychlorinated biphenyls,
radioactive material or radon; and (C) any other substance which may be the
subject of regulatory action by any governmental entity in connection with any
Environmental Law.

             4.19 Intellectual Property.  Except as set forth in Section 4.19 of
the Disclosure Letter:

                  (a) the Company and/or its Subsidiaries owns all right, title
and interest to the Intellectual Property Rights identified in Section 4.19 of
the Disclosure Letter, and the Company has the right to use pursuant to a
license each of the Intellectual Property Rights conveyed in the licenses
identified in Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Letter;

                  (b) each such Intellectual Property Right specified in
subparagraph (a) of this Section 4.19 will be owned or, to the Company's best
knowledge and belief, available for use by the Surviving Corporation or its
Subsidiaries immediately subsequent to the Effective Time;

                                      -16-

                  (c) to the Company's best knowledge and belief, all issued
patents and trademark registrations owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries are
valid and enforceable;

                  (d) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is, nor
will the Company or any of its Subsidiaries be, as a result of the execution and
delivery of this Merger Agreement or the performance of its obligations
hereunder, in violation of any license, sublicense, or other agreement as to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party and pursuant to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is authorized to use any third-party
Intellectual Property Rights;

                  (e) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has had
notice of any claim, nor does the Company have knowledge of any valid grounds
for any bona fide claim against the Company or its Subsidiaries that the
Intellectual Property Rights used in the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as presently conducted (excluding in connection with products under
development) infringe, misappropriate or violate any Intellectual Property
Rights of any other person. To the Company's best knowledge and belief, except
as otherwise disclosed in Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Letter, no third party
is presently interfering with, infringing upon, misappropriating, or otherwise
coming into conflict with any Intellectual Property Rights of the Company or its
Subsidiaries in any material respect;

                  (f) up to the date hereof, the Company has paid all
maintenance and annuity fees for all patents and patent applications listed on
Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Letter, which includes patents and patent
applications used in the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as
presently conducted;

                  (g) Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Letter identifies each
patent, each trademark and service mark registration and each copyright
registration currently in effect, owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries;
identifies each pending patent application and pending application for
registration of a trademark or service mark currently in effect that the Company
or its Subsidiaries has made with respect to their Intellectual Property Rights;
and identifies each license, agreement or other permission that the Company or
its Subsidiaries has granted to any third party with respect to any of its owned
Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has delivered to the Purchaser correct
and complete copies of all such patents, registrations, applications, licenses,
agreements and permissions (as amended to date). With respect to each such
Intellectual Property Right that the Company or its Subsidiaries owns and is
identified in Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Letter, except as otherwise set
forth in Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Letter:

                  (i)      the Company or its Subsidiaries possesses all right,
                           title, and interest in and to the Intellectual
                           Property Right, free and clear of any security
                           interest, license, or other restriction of which the
                           Company is aware;

                  (ii)     the Intellectual Property Right is not subject to any
                           outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, or
                           ruling;

                  (iii)    to the Company's best knowledge and belief, no
                           action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation,
                           charge, complaint, claim, or demand is pending or
                           threatened, which challenges the legality, validity,
                           enforceability, use or ownership of the Intellectual
                           Property Right; and

                                      -17-

                  (iv)     the Company and its Subsidiaries have not agreed to
                           indemnify any person for or against any interference,
                           infringement, misappropriation, or other conflict
                           with respect to the Intellectual Property Right;

                  (h) Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Letter identifies each
Intellectual Property Right that the Company and/or its Subsidiaries use
pursuant to license, sublicense, agreement, or permission. The Company has
delivered to Purchaser correct and complete copies of all such licenses,
sublicenses, agreements, and permissions (as amended to date). With respect to
each such Intellectual Property Right identified in Section 4.19 of the
Disclosure Letter:

                  (i)      to the Company's best knowledge and belief, the
                           license, sublicense, agreement, or permission
                           covering the Intellectual Property Right is legal,
                           valid, binding, enforceable in accordance with its
                           terms, and in full force and effect in all material
                           respects;

                  (ii)     to the Company's best knowledge and belief, no party
                           to the license, sublicense, agreement, or permission
                           is in material breach or default, and no event has
                           occurred which with notice or lapse of time would
                           constitute a material breach or default or permit
                           termination, modification, or acceleration
                           thereunder; and

                  (iii)    the Company and its Subsidiaries have not granted any
                           sublicense or similar right with respect to the
                           license, sublicense, agreement, or permission.

                  As used in this Merger Agreement, the term "Intellectual
Property Rights" means: (1) United States and foreign patents, patent
applications, continuations, continuations-in-part, continuing prosecution
applications, divisions, reissues, extensions or re-examinations; (2) United
States, state, foreign, and common law trademarks, service marks, domain names,
logos, trade dress and trade names (including all assumed or fictitious names
under which the Company and each Subsidiary is conducting its business), whether
registered or unregistered, and pending applications to register the foregoing;
(3) copyrightable expressions fixed in tangible form, United States and foreign
copyrights therein, whether registered or unregistered, and pending applications
to register the same; and (4) trade secrets, know-how, concepts, methods,
processes, formulae, reports, data, customer lists, mailing lists, business
plans and other information that is confidential and proprietary, in each case
either owned or used pursuant to a license.

         4.20 FDA and Other Approval Status. All Products (as herein defined),
including any accessories to be sold, are marketable, and currently are being
manufactured and marketed in substantial compliance with the Federal Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act and other United States and foreign legal requirements. As used
in this Merger Agreement, the term "Products" means any products related to the
businesses of the Company or its Subsidiaries that are manufactured or sold
through the Company or its Subsidiaries.

                                      -18-

         4.21 Inventory. All raw materials, work-in-progress and finished goods
inventory is recorded in accordance with the Company's inventory policy attached
as Schedule 4.21 of the Disclosure Letter. The Company's inventory reserves for
excess and obsolete inventory are adequate.

         4.22 Customers and Suppliers. Since September 30, 2002, no material
customer or supplier of the Company has indicated that it will stop or
materially decrease the rate of business done with the Company, nor is any
receivable for any such customer over 90 days past due for which adequate
reserves have not been made.

         4.23 ISO 9001 Certification. Except as set forth in Section 4.13 of the
Disclosure Letter, the Company's manufacturing facilities used in connection
with its businesses are ISO 9001 certified and comply in all material respects
with all requirements for such ISO 9001 certification.

         4.24 Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any
brokerage, finder's or other fee or commission in connection with the Merger
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company, other than
arrangements with U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray. A true and complete copy of the
engagement letter between the Company and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray has
previously been delivered to the Purchaser.

                   5. CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

         5.1 Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger. The Company
covenants and agrees that, prior to the Effective Time, unless the Purchaser
shall otherwise agree in writing (such agreement not to be unreasonably
withheld) or as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Merger Agreement:

             (a) the businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be
conducted only in, and the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not take any
action except in, the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
practice;

             (b) the Company shall not (i) sell or pledge or agree to sell or
pledge any stock owned by it in any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) amend its Articles
of Incorporation or By-Laws; or (iii) split, combine or reclassify any shares of
its outstanding capital stock or declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other
distribution payable in cash, stock or property or redeem or otherwise acquire
any shares of its capital stock or shares of the capital stock of any of its
Subsidiaries;

             (c) except as set forth Section 5.1 of the Disclosure Letter, the
Company shall not, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, (i)
authorize for issuance, issue or sell any additional shares of, or rights of any
kind to acquire any shares of, its capital stock of any class (whether through
the issuance or granting of options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions,
rights to purchase or otherwise), except for Shares reserved for issuance upon
the exercise of Stock Options in accordance with their existing terms, as such
Stock Options may be accelerated pursuant to their existing terms; (ii) acquire,
dispose of, transfer, lease, license, mortgage, pledge or encumber any fixed or
other assets other than in the ordinary course of business and consistent with
past practices; (iii) incur, assume or prepay any material indebtedness or any

                                      -19-

other material liabilities other than the incurrence of liabilities in the
ordinary course of business and borrowings under the credit agreement described
in Section 5.1 of the Disclosure Letter for working capital purposes up to the
credit limit described in Section 5.1 of the Disclosure Letter; (iv) assume,
endorse (other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices), guarantee or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether
directly, contingently or otherwise) for the material obligations of any other
person (other than a Subsidiary); (v) make any loans, advances or capital
contributions to, or investments in, any other person, other than to its
Subsidiaries, or otherwise enter into any Material Contract; (vi) make any loans
to employees, other than advances in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices; (vii) fail to maintain adequate insurance consistent with
past practices for their businesses and properties (to the extent available at
commercially reasonable prices); and (viii) make capital expenditures in excess
of $25,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate;

             (d) the Company shall use reasonable business efforts to preserve
intact the business organization of the Company and its Subsidiaries, to keep
available the services of its and their present officers and key employees, and
to preserve the goodwill of those having business relationships with it and
them;

             (e) the Company shall not and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to
(i) enter into any new agreements (other than in its ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice) or amend or modify any existing agreements (other
than in its ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) with any
of their respective officers, directors or employees or with any "disqualified
individuals" (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code), (ii) grant any
increases in the compensation of their respective directors, officers and
employees or any "disqualified individuals" other than increases in the ordinary
course of business and consistent with past practice to persons who are not
directors or corporate officers of or "disqualified individuals" with respect to
the Company or any Subsidiary, (iii) enter into, adopt, amend or terminate, or
grant any new benefit not presently provided for under, any employee benefit
plan or arrangement, except as required by law or to maintain the Tax qualified
status of the plan; provided, however, it is understood that the Company is
permitted to pay bonuses to the extent described in Section 5.1 of the
Disclosure Letter; or (iv) except as contemplated by Section 6.14, take any
action with respect to the grant of any severance or termination pay other than
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice and
pursuant to policies or practices in effect on the date of this Merger
Agreement;

             (f) the Company shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to,
acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing a
substantial portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or
any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or
division thereof or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets (other than
in the ordinary course of business) that are material, individually or in the
aggregate, to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

             (g) except as set forth in Section 5.1 of the Disclosure Letter,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall settle or compromise any
material claims or litigation or, except in the ordinary and usual course of
business modify, amend or terminate any of its Material Contracts or waive,
release or assign any material rights or claims;

                                      -20-

             (h) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall make any
material Tax election or permit any insurance policy naming it as a beneficiary
or loss-payable payee to be cancelled or terminated except in the ordinary and
usual course of business;

             (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any
action or omit to take any action that would cause any of its representations
and warranties herein to become untrue in any material respect;

             (j) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will authorize
or enter into an agreement to do any of the foregoing; and

             (k) except as required by the Pennsylvania Law or the Company's
By-Laws, the Company will not call any meeting of its shareholders to be held
prior to December 31, 2003 other than a special or annual meeting of
shareholders to consider and vote upon the Merger.

                            6. ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

         6.1 Proxy Statement. Promptly after the date hereof, the Company shall
prepare and (subject to the Purchaser's approval, which shall not be
unreasonably withheld) file with the SEC under the Exchange Act, and shall use
all reasonable efforts to have promptly cleared by the SEC and promptly mailed
to the Company's shareholders, a proxy statement (the "Proxy Statement") with
respect to the meeting of the Company's shareholders referred to in Section 6.2.
The Company agrees, as to itself and its Subsidiaries, that none of the
information supplied or to be supplied by it or its Subsidiaries for inclusion
or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement and any amendment thereof
or supplement thereto will, at the date of mailing to stockholders and at the
time of the meeting of stockholders of the Company to be held in connection with
the Merger, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The Purchaser agrees that none of the information supplied or to
be supplied by the Purchaser or Merger Sub in writing to the Company for
inclusion in the Proxy Statement and any amendment thereof or supplement thereto
will, at the date of mailing to stockholders and at the time of the Company
Shareholders' Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order
to make the statements contained therein, in light to the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. The Company will cause the Proxy Statement
to comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable provisions of
the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Subject to the
fiduciary duty obligations of the Board of Directors of the Company under
Pennsylvania Law, the Proxy Statement shall contain the recommendation of the
Board of Directors of the Company in favor of the Merger and for approval and
adoption of this Merger Agreement.

         6.2 Meeting of Shareholders of the Company. Promptly after the date
hereof, the Company shall take all action necessary in accordance with the
Pennsylvania Law and the Company's Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws to
convene a meeting of its shareholders (the "Company Shareholders' Meeting") to
consider and vote upon this Merger Agreement and the Merger and shall use its
best efforts to convene the Company Shareholders' Meeting prior to May 15, 2003.
Subject to the fiduciary duty obligations of the Board of Directors of the
Company under Pennsylvania Law, the Board of Directors of the Company will
recommend that the shareholders of the Company vote to adopt and approve the
Merger and this Merger Agreement and the Company shall use all reasonable
efforts to solicit from shareholders of the Company proxies in favor of such
adoption and approval.

                                      -21-

         6.3 Other Actions by the Company and Purchaser. If any Takeover Statute
is or may become applicable to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
by this Merger Agreement, each of Purchaser and the Company shall use their best
efforts to grant such approvals and take such actions as are necessary so that
such transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated by this Merger Agreement or by the Merger and otherwise use their
best efforts to eliminate or minimize the effects of such statute or regulation
on such transactions.

         6.4 Acquisition Proposals. The Company agrees that neither it nor any
of its Subsidiaries nor any of the officers and directors of it or its
Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall direct and use its best efforts to cause
its and its Subsidiaries' employees, agents and representatives (including any
investment banker, attorney or accountant retained by it or any of its
Subsidiaries) not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit, encourage or
otherwise facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer with
respect to a merger, reorganization, share exchange, consolidation or similar
transaction involving, or any purchase of all or 25% or more of the assets or
25% or more of any equity securities of, it or any of its Subsidiaries (any such
proposal or offer being hereinafter referred to as an "Acquisition Proposal").
The Company further agrees that neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any
of the officers and directors of it or its Subsidiaries shall, and that it shall
direct and use its best efforts to cause its and its Subsidiaries' employees,
agents and representatives (including any investment banker, attorney or
accountant retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries) not to, directly or
indirectly, engage in any negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential
information or data to, or have any discussions with, any Person relating to an
Acquisition Proposal. The Company agrees that it will immediately cease and
cause to be terminated any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with
any parties conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposals. The
Company agrees that it will take the necessary steps to promptly inform the
individuals or entities referred to in the first sentence hereof who may be
involved in any such discussion of the obligations undertaken in this Section
and in the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section 9.7). The Company
agrees that it will notify Purchaser immediately if any such inquiries,
proposals or offers are received by, any such information is requested from, or
any such discussions or negotiations are sought to be initiated or continued
with, any of its representatives indicating, in connection with such notice, the
name of such Person and the material terms and conditions of any proposals or
offers and thereafter shall keep Purchaser informed, on a current basis, as to
the status and terms of any such proposals or offers. The Company also agrees
that it will promptly request each Person that has heretofore executed a
confidentiality agreement in connection with its consideration of acquiring it
or any of its Subsidiaries to return or destroy all confidential information
heretofore furnished to such Person by or on behalf of it or any of its
Subsidiaries.

         6.5 Stock Exchange De-listing. The Surviving Corporation shall use its
best efforts to cause the Shares to no longer be quoted on the Nasdaq National
Market System and de-registered under the Exchange Act as soon as practicable
following the Effective Time.

                                      -22-

         6.6 Additional Agreements. Subject to the terms and conditions herein
provided, each of the parties hereto agrees to use all reasonable efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause to be done, all
things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective as
promptly as practicable the Merger and all other transactions contemplated by
this Merger Agreement, including (i) filing the Certificate of Merger referred
to in Section 2.3, (ii) using reasonable efforts to remove any legal impediment
to the consummation or effectiveness of such transactions, (iii) satisfying the
conditions to each other parties' obligation to consummate the Merger as
contemplated hereby and (iv) using reasonable efforts to obtain all necessary
waivers, consents and approvals and to effect all necessary registrations and
filings, including, but not limited to, filings under the HSR Act, if
applicable, and submissions of information requested by governmental
authorities. Subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information,
Purchaser shall have the right to review in advance, and consult with the
Company on, all filings made with, or written materials submitted to, any third
party and/or any governmental authority in connection with the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement.

         6.7 Expenses. The Surviving Corporation shall pay all charges and
expenses, including those of the Disbursing Agent, in connection with the
transactions contemplated in Article II hereof, and Purchaser shall reimburse
the Surviving Corporation for such charges and expenses. Except as otherwise
provided in Section 8.5(b), whether or not the Merger is consummated, all costs
and expenses incurred in connection with this Merger Agreement and the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement shall be paid
by the party incurring such expense.

         6.8 Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance.

             (a) From and after the Effective Time, Purchaser agrees that it
will indemnify and hold harmless each present and former director and officer of
the Company (when acting in such capacity) determined immediately prior to the
Effective Time (the "Indemnified Persons"), against any costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys' fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims,
damages or liabilities (collectively, "Costs") incurred in connection with any
claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, arising out of matters existing or occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or
after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent that the Company would have been
permitted under Pennsylvania law and its articles of incorporation or by-laws in
effect on the date hereof to indemnify such Indemnified Person (and Purchaser
shall also advance expenses as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under
applicable law, provided the Indemnified Person to whom expenses are advanced
provides an undertaking to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined
that such Indemnified Person is not entitled to indemnification); and provided,
further, that any determination required to be made with respect to whether an
officer's or director's conduct complies with the standards set forth under
Pennsylvania law and the Company's articles of incorporation and by-laws shall
be made by independent counsel reasonably acceptable to both the Surviving
Corporation and the Indemnified Person.

                                      -23-

             (b) Any Indemnified Person wishing to claim indemnification under
paragraph (a) of this Section 6.8, upon learning of any such claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation, shall promptly notify Purchaser thereof, but
the failure to so notify shall not relieve Purchaser of any liability it may
have to such Indemnified Person if such failure does not materially prejudice
the indemnifying party. In the event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding
or investigation (whether arising before or after the Effective Time), (i)
Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation shall have the right to assume the
defense thereof and Purchaser shall not be liable to such Indemnified Persons
for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses subsequently
incurred by such Indemnified Persons in connection with the defense thereof,
except that if Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation elects not to assume such
defense or counsel for the Indemnified Persons advises that there are issues
which raise conflicts of interest between Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation
and the Indemnified Persons, the Indemnified Persons may retain counsel
satisfactory to them, and Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation shall pay all
reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the Indemnified Persons
promptly as statements therefor are received; provided, however, that Purchaser
shall be obligated pursuant to this paragraph (b) to pay for only one firm of
counsel for all Indemnified Persons in any jurisdiction, (ii) the Indemnified
Persons will cooperate in the defense of any such matter and (iii) Purchaser
shall not be liable for any settlement effected without its prior written
consent; and provided, further, that Purchaser shall not have any obligation
hereunder to any Indemnified Person if and when a court of competent
jurisdiction shall ultimately determine, and such determination shall have
become final, that the indemnification of such Indemnified Person in the manner
contemplated hereby is prohibited by applicable law.

             (c) In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of its
successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and
is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation
or merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all its properties
and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, the Purchaser shall cause
proper provision to be made so that the successors and assigns of the Surviving
Corporation assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.8.

             (d) For six (6) years after the Effective Time, the Purchaser shall
maintain in effect a directors' and officers' liability insurance policy
covering only those persons currently covered by the Company's current
directors' and officers' liability insurance policy (the "Insured Parties") for
acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time on terms with respect to
such coverage and amounts no less favorable in any material respect to such
Insured Parties than the terms in effect under the Company's directors' and
officers' liability insurance policy as in effect on the date of this Merger
Agreement; provided that the Purchaser shall not be required to pay an annual
premium therefor to the extent in excess of 300% of the last annual premium
payable prior to the date hereof; provided further that if the annual premiums
for such coverage exceeds such maximum amount, the Purchaser shall be obligated
to obtain a policy with the greatest standard coverage amount available for a
cost not exceeding such maximum amount. The Purchaser shall use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain the insurance policy or policies maintained under this
Section 6.8(d) from a reputable insurance carrier that has a financial strength
rating from A.M. Best (or its successor) that is equal to or better than the
financial strength rating that was assigned by A.M. Best to the Company's
current directors' and officers' liability insurance carrier on May 5, 2002. The
Purchaser's obligation to maintain the insurance policy or policies pursuant to
this Section 6.8(d) shall be contingent on the cooperation of the Insured
Parties in responding to reasonable requests for information from the Purchaser,
with all such communications to be made through a single intermediary designated
by the Insured Parties. Any costs and expenses incurred by any Insured Party or
the intermediary designated by the Insured Parties in connection with any such
requests shall be paid by the Insured Parties.

                                      -24-

             (e) The provisions of this Section 6.8 are intended to be for the
benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each Indemnified Person, his or her
heirs and his or her representatives.

         6.9 Notification of Certain Matters. The Company shall give prompt
notice to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall give prompt notice to the
Company, of (i) the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any event, which
occurrence or failure would be likely to cause any representation or warranty
contained in this Merger Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect at any time from the date hereof to the Effective Time, provided that
each party's obligation hereunder is limited to events of which its senior
management has knowledge, and (ii) any material failure of the Company or the
Purchaser, as the case may be, or any officer, director, employee or agent
thereof, to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by it hereunder. The Company and Purchaser each shall
keep the other apprised of the status of matters relating to completion of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including promptly furnishing the other with
copies of notices or other substantive communications received by Purchaser or
the Company, as the case may be, or any of its Subsidiaries, from any third
party and/or any governmental authority with respect to the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement. The Company shall give
prompt notice to Purchaser of any change that could result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

         6.10 Access; Communications with Distributors. The Company shall, and
shall cause its Subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees and agents to,
afford the officers, employees and agents of the Purchaser complete access at
all reasonable times, from the date hereof to the Effective Time, to its
officers, employees, agents, properties, books and records and shall furnish the
Purchaser all financial, operating and other data and information as the
Purchaser, through its officers, employees or agents, may reasonably request.
All such information shall be governed by the terms of the Confidentiality
Agreement. From the date hereof to the Effective Time, the Company and the
Purchaser agree to take the actions set forth in Section 6.10 of the Disclosure
Letter.

         6.11 Employee Benefits. The Purchaser and the Company agree that all
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall be employed by the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries
immediately after the Effective Time, it being understood that, except for
employees of the Company and its subsidiaries with employment agreements as set
forth in Section 6.14, the Purchaser shall not have any obligation to continue
employing such employees for any length of time thereafter. Except as set forth
in Section 6.11 of the Disclosure Letter, the Purchaser and the Company agree
that, after the Effective Time, all employees of the Company and its
Subsidiaries shall, at the Purchaser's option (i) continue to be entitled to and
shall receive the same benefits currently provided to the employees of the
Company and its Subsidiaries under the existing Company benefit plans ("Company
Plans") for three (3) months from the Effective Time so long as the continued
provision of such Company Plans to such employees does not cause any Purchaser
benefit plan to be in violation of any law or regulation governing such plans,
or (ii) shall be offered benefits similar to those available to the Purchaser's
employees. From and after three (3) months from the Effective Time, the then

                                      -25-

employees of the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries shall be entitled to
and shall receive such benefits as the then constituted management of the
Surviving Corporation deems necessary and appropriate for the Purchaser, subject
to consent and advice from the Purchaser's executive management. With respect to
any such benefit arrangements ("Ultimate Plans"), the Purchaser shall grant all
employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, who become participants in the
Ultimate Plans after the Effective Time, credit for all service with the Company
and its Subsidiaries, or their respective predecessors (or any other party for
which service has been recognized by the Company), prior to the Effective Time
for all purposes for which such service was recognized by the Company prior to
the Effective Time. To the extent that the Company Plans or Ultimate Plans
provide medical or dental welfare benefits after the Effective Time, the
Purchaser shall cause all pre-existing condition exclusions and actively-at-work
requirements, to the extent such requirements would have been met at the
Company, to be waived and the Purchaser shall provide that any expenses incurred
on or before the Effective Time shall be taken into account under the Ultimate
Plans for purposes of satisfying the applicable deductible, coinsurance and
maximum out-of-pocket provisions. Subject to the rules governing eligibility,
vesting and all other terms of any 401(k) plan or other qualified retirement
plan or ERISA pension plan maintained by the Purchaser and its subsidiaries (the
"Retirement Plans"), the employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be
eligible to participate in the Retirement Plans on terms similar to the benefits
provided to similarly situated employees of the Purchaser and its subsidiaries,
with credit granted for purposes of eligibility and vesting for prior service
with the Company and its Subsidiaries, but not for purposes of accrual. The
Purchaser shall permit the Company to fully vest the accounts of the
participants under the Company's 401k Plan effective as of the Effective Time.

         6.12 Antitrust Laws. As promptly as practicable, the Company, the
Purchaser and Merger Sub shall make any and all filings and submissions under
the HSR Act as may be reasonably required to be made in connection with this
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to Section
6.10 hereof, the Company will furnish to the Purchaser and Merger Sub, and the
Purchaser and Merger Sub will furnish to the Company, such information and
assistance as the other may reasonably request in connection with the
preparation of any such filings or submissions. Subject to Section 6.10 hereof,
the Company will provide the Purchaser and Merger Sub, and the Purchaser and
Merger Sub will provide the Company, with copies of all correspondence, filings
or communications (or memoranda setting forth the substance thereof) between
such party or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and any governmental
agency or authority or members of their respective staffs, on the other hand,
with respect to this Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby;
provided, however, that the Purchaser and Merger Sub shall not be required to
provide the Company with copies of confidential documents or information
included in any filings and submissions made by the Purchaser under the HSR Act
and the Company shall not be required to provide the Purchaser or Merger Sub
with copies of confidential documents or information included in any filings and
submissions made by the Company under the HSR Act.

         6.13 Public Announcements. The Purchaser and Merger Sub, on the one
hand, and the Company, on the other hand, agree that they will use reasonable
efforts to consult with the other party prior to issuing any press release or
otherwise making any public statement, including, without limitation, making any
filing with any third party or governmental authority, or responding to any
press inquiry with respect to this Merger Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, except as may be required by applicable law, court process
or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange or national securities quotation system.

                                      -26-

         6.14 Employment Arrangements. The Purchaser shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to (a) assume and perform each of the employment agreements
described in Section 6.14A of the Disclosure Letter, including, without
limitation, the "Change in Control" and severance provisions thereof and (b)
assume and perform each of the agreements and obligations described in Section
6.14B of the Disclosure Letter.

                                 7. CONDITIONS

         7.1 Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the Effective Time of each of the
following conditions:

             (a) Stockholder Approval. This Merger Agreement shall have been
duly approved by holders of Shares constituting the Company Requisite Vote in
accordance with applicable law and the articles of incorporation and by-laws of
the Company.

             (b) Regulatory Consents. The waiting period applicable to the
consummation of the Merger under the HSR Act shall have expired or been
terminated, if applicable, and, other than the filing provided for in Section
1.4, all notices, reports and other filings required to be made prior to the
Effective Time by the Company or Purchaser or any of their respective
Subsidiaries with, and all consents, registrations, approvals, permits and
authorizations required to be obtained prior to the Effective Time by the
Company or Purchaser or any of their respective Subsidiaries from, any
governmental authority (collectively, "Governmental Consents") in connection
with the execution and delivery of this Merger Agreement and the consummation of
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby by the Company,
Purchaser and Merger Sub shall have been made or obtained (as the case may be).

             (c) Litigation. No court or governmental authority of competent
jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any
statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other
order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and
restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits consummation of the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement (collectively, an
"Order"), and no governmental authority shall have instituted any proceeding
seeking any such Order.

         7.2 Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser and Merger Sub. The
obligations of Purchaser and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are also subject to
the satisfaction or waiver by Purchaser at or prior to the Effective Time of the
following conditions:

             (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of the Company set forth in this Merger Agreement shall be true and
correct as of the date of this Merger Agreement and as of the Closing Date as
though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent any such
representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date), and
Purchaser shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company to such effect (containing the
following proviso); provided, however, that notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, this Section 7.2(a) shall be deemed to have been satisfied even if
such representations or warranties are not so true and correct unless the
failure of such representations or warranties to be so true and correct,
individually or in the aggregate, has had, or could reasonably be expected to
have, a Material Adverse Effect or could prevent or materially burden or
materially impair the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Merger Agreement.

                                      -27-

             (b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall
have performed in all material respects all material obligations required to be
performed by it under this Merger Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and
Purchaser shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company to such effect.

             (c) Consents Under Agreements. The Company shall have obtained the
consent or approval of each Person whose consent or approval shall be required
under the Contracts identified with an asterisk in Section 4.5 of the Disclosure
Letter.

             (d) Resignations. Purchaser shall have received the resignations of
each person who at the Closing is a director or officer of the Company and each
of its Subsidiaries.

             (e) Employment Agreements. The Company's employment agreements with
Gerard S. Carlozzi and Pertti Tormala shall be in full force and effect and
neither party shall be in material default thereunder.

         7.3 Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the
Company to effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by
the Company at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

             (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and
warranties of Purchaser and Merger Sub set forth in this Merger Agreement shall
be true and correct as of the date of this Merger Agreement and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent
any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date) and
the Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Purchaser by
the President of Purchaser and the President of Merger Sub to such effect
(containing the following proviso); provided, however, that notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, this Section 7.3(a) shall be deemed to have
been satisfied even if such representations or warranties are not so true and
correct unless the failure of such representations or warranties to be so true
and correct, individually or in the aggregate, could prevent or materially
burden or materially impair the ability of Purchaser to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement.

             (b) Performance of Obligations of Purchaser and Merger Sub. Each of
Purchaser and Merger Sub shall have performed in all material respects all
obligations required to be performed by it under this Merger Agreement at or
prior to the Closing Date, and the Company shall have received a certificate
signed on behalf of Purchaser and Merger Sub by the President of Purchaser to
such effect.

                                      -28-

                      8. TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

         8.1 Termination by Mutual Consent. This Merger Agreement may be
terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective
Time, whether before or after the approval by stockholders of the Company
referred to in Section 7.1(a), by mutual written consent of the Company and
Purchaser by action of their respective Boards of Directors.

         8.2 Termination by Either Purchaser or the Company. This Merger
Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to
the Effective Time by action of the Board of Directors of either Purchaser or
the Company if (i) the Merger shall not have been consummated by July 31, 2003,
whether such date is before or after the date of approval by the stockholders of
the Company (the "Termination Date"), (ii) the approval of the Company's
stockholders required by Section 7.1(a) shall not have been obtained at a
meeting duly convened therefor or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, or
(iii) any Order permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting
consummation of the Merger shall become final and non-appealable (whether before
or after the approval by the stockholders of the Company); provided, that the
right to terminate this Merger Agreement pursuant to clause (i) above shall not
be available to any party that has breached in any material respect its
obligations under this Merger Agreement in any manner that shall have
proximately contributed to the occurrence of the failure of the Merger to be
consummated by the Termination Date.

         8.3 Termination by the Company. This Merger Agreement may be terminated
and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether
before or after the approval by stockholders of the Company referred to in
Section 7.1(a), by action of the Board of Directors of the Company if there has
been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by
Purchaser or Merger Sub in this Merger Agreement, or any such representation and
warranty shall have become untrue after the date of this Merger Agreement, such
that Section 7.3(a) or 7.3(b) would not be satisfied and such breach or
condition is not curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after
written notice thereof is given by the Company to Purchaser.

         8.4 Termination by Purchaser. This Merger Agreement may be terminated
and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time by
action of the Board of Directors of Purchaser if (a) the Board of Directors of
the Company shall have withdrawn or adversely modified in any material respect
its approval or recommendation of this Merger Agreement or failed to reconfirm
its recommendation in favor of this Merger Agreement within five business days
after a written request by Purchaser to do so, (b) there has been a breach of
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Company in this
Merger Agreement, or any such representation and warranty shall have become
untrue after the date of this Merger Agreement, such that Section 7.2(a) or
7.2(b) would not be satisfied and such breach or condition is not curable or, if
curable, is not cured within 30 days after written notice thereof is given by
Purchaser to the Company, or (c) the Company or any of the other Persons
described in Section 6.4 as affiliates, representatives or agents of the Company
who have reason to be involved in the activities proscribed by Section 6.4 shall
take any of the actions that would be proscribed by Section 6.4.

                                      -29-

         8.5 Effect of Termination and Abandonment.

             (a) In the event of termination of this Merger Agreement and the
abandonment of the Merger pursuant to this Article VIII, this Merger Agreement
(other than as set forth in Section 9.1) shall become void and of no effect with
no liability on the part of any party hereto (or of any of its directors,
officers, employees, agents, legal and financial advisors or other
representatives); provided, however, except as otherwise provided herein, no
such termination shall relieve any party hereto of any liability or damages
resulting from any willful breach of this Merger Agreement.

             (b) In the event that this Merger Agreement is terminated by
Purchaser pursuant to Section 8.4 (a) or (c), then the Company shall promptly,
but in no event later than two days after the date of such termination, pay
Purchaser a termination fee of $2,500,000 (the "Termination Fee") and shall
promptly, but in no event later than two days after being notified of such by
Purchaser, pay all of the out-of-pocket charges and expenses (but excluding any
investment banking fees), including those of the Disbursing Agent, incurred by
Purchaser or Merger Sub in connection with this Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated by this Merger Agreement, in each case payable by wire
transfer of same day funds. The Company acknowledges that the agreements
contained in this Section 8.5(b) are an integral part of the transactions
contemplated by this Merger Agreement, and that, without these agreements,
Purchaser and Merger Sub would not enter into this Merger Agreement;
accordingly, if the Company fails to promptly pay the amount due pursuant to
this Section 8.5(b), and, in order to obtain such payment, Purchaser or Merger
Sub commences a suit which results in a judgment against the Company for the fee
set forth in this paragraph (b), the Company shall pay to Purchaser or Merger
Sub its costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) in connection with such
suit, together with interest on the amount of the fee at the prime rate of
JPMorgan Chase Bank in effect on the date such payment was required to be made.

         8.6 Amendment. This Merger Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.

         8.7 Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto
may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
acts of any other party hereto or (b) waive compliance with any of the
agreements of any other party or with any conditions to its own obligations. Any
agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be
valid if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party by
a duly authorized officer.

                             9. GENERAL PROVISIONS

         9.1 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. (a) THIS MERGER
AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE IN AND IN ALL RESPECTS SHALL BE
INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND GOVERNED BY AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF. The
parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State
of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in
the State of New York solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of
the provisions of this Merger Agreement and of the documents referred to in this
Merger Agreement, and in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby, and
hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or
proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or of any such document,
that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not
be brought or is not maintainable in said courts or that the venue thereof may
not be appropriate or that this Merger Agreement or any such document may not be
enforced in or by such courts, and the parties hereto irrevocably agree that all
claims with respect to such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined
in such a New York State or Federal court. The parties hereby consent to and
grant any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the
subject matter of such dispute and agree that mailing of process or other papers
in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in
Section 9.3 or in such other manner as may be permitted by law shall be valid
and sufficient service thereof.

                                      -30-

             (b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH
MAY ARISE UNDER THIS MERGER AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND
DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS MERGER AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS MERGER
AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE
FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) EACH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE
IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) EACH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND
(iv) EACH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS MERGER AGREEMENT BY, AMONG
OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.1.

         9.2 Survival. This Article 9 and the agreements of the Company,
Purchaser and Merger Sub contained in Sections 2.6 (Exercise and Cancellation of
Company Options), 6.5 (Stock Exchange De-listing), 6.7 (Expenses), 6.8
(Indemnification; Directors' and Officers' Insurance) and 6.11 (Employee
Benefits) shall survive the consummation of the Merger. This Article 9, the
agreements of the Company, Purchaser and Merger Sub contained in Section 6.7
(Expenses), Section 8.5 (Effect of Termination and Abandonment) and the
Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the termination of this Merger
Agreement. All other representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in
this Merger Agreement shall not survive the consummation of the Merger or the
termination of this Merger Agreement.

         9.3 Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by facsimile,
by overnight courier or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid,
and shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, or when so received by
facsimile or courier, or if mailed, three calendar days after the date of
mailing, as follows (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified
by like notice):

                                      -31-

                  (a) if to the Purchaser or Merger Sub:

                           CONMED Corporation
                           525 French Road
                           Utica, New York  13502
                           Attention: President
                           Telephone: (315) 797-8375
                           Facsimile: (315) 797-0321

                           With copies to:

                           CONMED Corporation
                           525 French Road
                           Utica, New York  13502
                           Attention: General Counsel
                           Telephone: (315) 624-3208
                           Facsimile: (315) 793-8929

                           Linvatec Corporation
                           11311 Concept Boulevard
                           Largo, Florida  33773
                           Attention: President
                           Telephone: (727) 399-5444
                           Facsimile: (727) 399-5289

                           Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
                           125 Broad Street
                           New York, New York 10004
                           Attention: Robert W. Downes
                           Telephone: (212)-558-4312
                           Facsimile: (212)-558-3588

                  (b) if to the Company:

                           Bionx Implants, Inc.
                           1777 Sentry Parkway West
                           Gwynedd Hall, Suite 400
                           Blue Bell, PA 19422
                           Attention: President
                           Telephone: (215) 643-5000
                           Facsimile  (215) 641-0916

                           With copies to:

                           Lowenstein Sandler PC
                           65 Livingston Avenue
                           Roseland, New Jersey 07068
                           Attention: Peter H. Ehrenberg
                           Telephone: (973)-597-2350
                           Facsimile: (973)-597-2351

                                      -32-

         9.4 Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Merger Agreement
to subsidiaries of the Purchaser or the Company, the word "subsidiaries" or
"Subsidiaries" means any corporation or entity more than fifty percent (50%) of
whose outstanding voting securities or equity interests are directly or
indirectly owned by the Purchaser or the Company, as the case may be. The
headings contained in this Merger Agreement are for reference purposes only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Merger
Agreement.

         9.5 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the current and former
officers and directors of the Company (who are third-party beneficiaries of the
provisions set forth in Section 6.8 hereof), there are no third party
beneficiaries of this Merger Agreement and nothing in this Merger Agreement,
express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any person other than
the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, any
rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities.

         9.6 Counterparts. This Merger Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, which together shall constitute a single agreement.

         9.7 Entire Agreement; NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS. This Merger Agreement
(including any exhibits hereto), the Disclosure Letter and the Confidentiality
Agreement, dated November 20, 2001, between Purchaser and the Company (the
"Confidentiality Agreement") constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all
other prior agreements, understandings, representations and warranties both
written and oral, among the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

         9.8 Severability. The provisions of this Merger Agreement shall be
deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall
not affect the validity or enforceability or the other provisions hereof. If any
provision of this Merger Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person or
any circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and equitable
provision shall be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be
valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable
provision and (b) the remainder of this Merger Agreement and the application of
such provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not be affected by such
invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability
affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application
thereof, in any other jurisdiction.

         9.9 Interpretation. The  and headings herein are for
convenience of reference only, do not constitute part of this Merger Agreement
and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect any of the provisions
hereof. Where a reference in this Merger Agreement is made to a Section, such
reference shall be to a Section of this Merger Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in
this Merger Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation."

                                      -33-

         9.10 Assignment. This Merger Agreement shall not be assignable by
operation of law or otherwise; provided, however, that Purchaser may designate,
by written notice to the Company, another wholly-owned direct or indirect
subsidiary to be a constituent corporation in lieu of Merger Sub, in which event
all references herein to Merger Sub shall be deemed references to such other
subsidiary, except that (i) the representations and warranties in Sections 3.1
through 3.4 made herein with respect to Merger Sub as of the date of this Merger
Agreement shall be deemed made with respect to such other subsidiary as of the
date of such designation and (ii) the representation and warranty in Section 3.5
made herein with respect to Merger Sub as of the date of this Merger Agreement
shall be deemed made with respect to such other subsidiary as of the date of
this Merger Agreement.

         9.11 Defined Terms. The following terms are defined in the following
sections of this Merger Agreement:

                                      -34-

- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Acquisition Proposal                                     6.4
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Benefit Plans                                            4.9(a)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Closing                                                  1.3
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Closing Date                                             1.3
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Code                                                     4.9(b)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Company                                                  Lead-in
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Company Disclosure Schedule                              Opening Paragraph of Article IV
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Company Options                                          2.6
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Company Plans                                            6.11
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Company Requisite Vote                                   4.5
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Company Shareholders Meeting                             6.2
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Company Stock Option Plans                               2.6
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Contracts                                                4.5
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Costs                                                    6.8(a)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Disbursing Agent                                         2.3
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Disclosure Letter                                        Opening Paragraph of Article IV
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Disqualified Individuals                                 5.1(e)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Distributors                                             4.1
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Effective Time                                           1.4
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Environmental Law                                        4.18
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
ERISA                                                    4.9(a)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Exchange Act                                             3.2
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
HSR Act                                                  3.2
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Indemnified Person                                       6.8(a)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Insured Parties                                          6.8(d)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Intellectual Property Rights                             4.19
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Investment Plan                                          4.4
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Laws                                                     4.13
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Liens                                                    4.16
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Material Adverse Effect                                  4.1
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Material Contracts                                       4.15
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Merger                                                   Recital
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Merger Agreement                                         Lead-in
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Merger Consideration                                     2.1(a)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Merger Sub                                               Lead-in
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Option Payments                                          2.6
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Payment Fund                                             2.2
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Pennsylvania Law                                         1.1
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Pension Plans                                            4.9(b)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Permitted Investments                                    2.2
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Products                                                 4.20
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Proxy Statement                                          6.1
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Purchaser                                                Lead-in
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------

                                      -35-

- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Retirement Plans                                         6.11
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
SEC                                                      4.6(a)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
SEC Documents                                            4.6(a)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Shares                                                   Recital
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Stock Option Plan                                        4.4
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Stock Options                                            4.4
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Subsidiary or subsidiary                                 9.4
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Surviving Corporation                                    1.1
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Takeover Statute                                         4.5
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Tax                                                      4.10
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Tax Affiliate                                            4.10
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Termination Date                                         8.2
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Termination Fee                                          8.5(b)
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Ultimate Plans                                           6.11
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Unaudited Third Quarter Financial Statements             4.6
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
Voting Agreements                                        Recital
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
10-K                                                     4.6
- -------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------

                                      -36-

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Purchaser, Merger Sub and the Company have
caused this Merger Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above
by their respective duly authorized officers.

                                            CONMED CORPORATION

                                            By:  /s/ Heather L. Cohen
                                               --------------------------------
                                                 Title: Assistant Secretary

                                            ARROW MERGER CORPORATION

                                            By:  /s/ Heather L. Cohen
                                               --------------------------------
                                                 Title: Assistant Secretary

                                            BIONX IMPLANTS, INC.

                                            By:  /s/ Gerard S. Carlozzi
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                 Title: President and
                                                        Chief Executive Officer

                                                                         ANNEX B

                                                               EXECUTION VERSION

                                VOTING AGREEMENT

         VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of January 13, 2003 (this "Agreement"),
among CONMED Corporation, a New York corporation ("Parent"), and the individuals
and entities whose names and addresses are set forth on the signature pages
hereto (collectively, the "Stockholders", and each, individually, a
"Stockholder").

         WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, Parent and its wholly owned subsidiary, Arrow Merger Corporation, a
Pennsylvania corporation ("Merger Sub"), have executed and delivered an
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (the "Merger
Agreement"), a copy of which is annexed hereto as Annex A, with Bionx Implants,
Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation (the "Company"), which provides, among other
things, that Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company pursuant to the
merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the "Merger"); and

         WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Stockholder holds of record and
beneficially owns the number of shares of common stock, par value $.0019 per
share, of the Company (the "Company Common Stock") set forth opposite his or its
name on the signature pages hereto; and

         WHEREAS, Parent wishes each Stockholder to enter into this Agreement
governing the voting of all of the shares of Company Common Stock that are now
held of record or beneficially owned by such Stockholder (collectively, the
"Shares"); and all of the New Shares (as defined in Section 7) held or owned by
such Stockholder.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and of the
representations, warranties, and covenants and agreements contained herein, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

         1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein
have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement.

         2. Agreement to Vote Shares. During the term of this Agreement, each
Stockholder agrees that it shall (a) consent to, approve, authorize and direct
the voting of all Shares and any New Shares held or owned by such Stockholder
(including, without limitation, any Controlled Voting Shares (as defined in the
Amended and Restated Shareholders' Agreement, dated as of October 1, 1998, by
and among Bionix, B.V., a Netherlands corporation ("Bionix, B.V."), and each of
the shareholders set forth therein (the "Shareholders Agreement")), and agrees
to cause all Shares and any New Shares held or owned by such Stockholder
(including, without limitation, any Controlled Voting Shares (as defined in the
Shareholders Agreement)) to be voted, at every meeting of the stockholders of
the Company at which such matters are considered and at every adjournment
thereof or in connection with any written consent of the stockholders of the
Company related to such matters, in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement (collectively, the "Merger Transactions")
or against any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and (b)
if directed by Parent, to take or cause to be taken such actions under the
by-laws of the Company as are required to call a special meeting of the
stockholders of the Company in order to vote on the Merger Transactions. Each
Stockholder agrees to deliver to Parent promptly upon the request therefor a
proxy in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, which proxy is coupled with an
interest and shall be irrevocable during the term of this Agreement to the
fullest extent permitted under Pennsylvania law. The proxy granted by each
Stockholder shall be revoked upon the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with its terms.

         3. Voting by Shareholders of Bionix, B.V.. In accordance with Section
14 of the Shareholders Agreement:

         (a) Pertti Tormala, in his capacity as Finnish Representative (as
defined in the Shareholders Agreement), hereby agrees to instruct Bionix, B.V.
to vote any Controlled Voting Shares held by any Finnish Shareholder (as defined
in the Shareholders Agreement) in respect of which Bionix, B.V. has not received
voting instructions within the time period defined by Bionix, B.V. pursuant to
Section 14 of the Shareholders Agreement, in the same manner as all Shares and
any New Shares held or owned by him (including any Controlled Voting Shares) are
voted pursuant to Section 2 hereof; and

         (b) Anthony J. Dimun, in his capacity as U.S. Representative (as
defined in the Shareholders Agreement), hereby agrees to instruct Bionix, B.V.
to vote any Controlled Voting Shares held by any U.S. Shareholder (as defined in
the Shareholders Agreement) in respect of which Bionix, B.V. has not received
voting instructions within the time period defined by Bionix, B.V. pursuant to
Section 14 of the Shareholders Agreement, in the same manner as all Shares and
any New Shares held or owned by him (including any Controlled Voting Shares) are
voted pursuant to Section 2 hereof.

         4. No Voting Trusts or Agreements. Each Stockholder agrees that it will
not, and will not permit any entity under its control to, deposit any of the
Shares or New Shares held or owned by such Stockholder in any voting trust,
grant any proxies or powers of attorney with respect to the voting of such
Shares or New Shares or, except as contemplated by Section 14 of the
Shareholders Agreement and this Agreement, subject any such Shares or New Shares
to any agreement, instrument or arrangement with respect to the voting of such
Shares or New Shares other than this Agreement.

         5. No Proxy Solicitations. Each Stockholder agrees that it will not,
and will not permit any entity under its control to, (a) solicit proxies in
opposition to the consummation of the Merger Transactions or otherwise knowingly
encourage or assist any party in taking or planning any action which would
impede, interfere with or attempt to discourage the Merger Transactions or
inhibit the timely consummation of the Merger Transactions, (b) directly or
indirectly knowingly encourage, initiate or cooperate in a stockholders' vote or
action by consent of the Company's stockholders in opposition to the
consummation of the Merger Transactions, or (c) become a member of a "group" (as
such term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) with respect to any
voting securities of the Company for the purpose of opposing the consummation of
the Merger Transactions.

                                      -2-

         6. Transfer and Encumbrance. Each Stockholder agrees not to voluntarily
transfer, sell, offer, tender, pledge (other than any existing pledge pursuant
to the Shareholders Agreement) or otherwise dispose of or encumber ("Transfer")
any of the Shares or New Shares held or owned by such Stockholder prior to the
earlier of (a) the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or (b)
the date this Agreement shall be terminated in accordance with its terms, except
that each Stockholder shall be permitted to Transfer any such Shares or New
Shares to an affiliate of such Stockholder, provided that such affiliate agrees
in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement with respect to such
Shares or New Shares.

         7. Additional Purchases or Acquisitions. Each Stockholder agrees that
any shares of Common Stock or other capital stock of the Company of which such
Stockholder becomes the record holder or acquires beneficial ownership following
the execution and delivery of this Agreement ("New Shares") acquired or
purchased by it shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement to the same
extent as if they constituted Shares held or owned by such Stockholder on the
date of this Agreement.

         8. Additional Shares. Each Stockholder agrees, while this Agreement is
in effect, to promptly notify Parent of the number of any New Shares acquired by
such Stockholder, if any, after the date hereof. In the event that, between the
date of this Agreement and the Closing, the Shares held or owned by any
Stockholder shall have been affected or changed into a different number of
shares or a different class of shares as a result of a share split, reverse
share split, share distribution, spin-off, recapitalization, reclassification or
other similar transaction, the term "Shares" shall be deemed to refer to and
include the Shares as well as any securities into which or for which any or all
of the Shares may be converted or exchanged and all such share distributions or,
if applicable, to such smaller number of securities replacing the Shares.

         9. Non-Interference. Each Stockholder agrees not to knowingly take any
action that would make any representation or warranty of such Stockholder
contained herein untrue or incorrect or have the effect of preventing or
disabling any Stockholder from performing its obligations under this Agreement.

         10. Share Transaction Proposals. Each Stockholder shall, and shall use
its best efforts to cause its affiliates and its and their respective officers,
directors, employees and representatives to, immediately cease and terminate any
existing activities, discussions or negotiations, if any, with any parties
conducted heretofore with respect to any acquisition or exchange of all or any
material portion of such Stockholder's Shares (a "Share Transaction"), other
than the Merger. Each Stockholder shall not, and shall use its best efforts to
cause its affiliates and its and their respective officers, directors, employees
and representatives not to, directly or indirectly, knowingly encourage,
solicit, participate in or initiate discussions or negotiations with, or provide
any information or data to, or have any discussions with, any corporation,
partnership, person or other entity or group (other than Parent and Merger Sub,
any subsidiary of Parent and Merger Sub or any designees of Parent and Merger
Sub) with respect to any inquiries or the making of any offer or proposal
(including, without limitation, any offer or proposal to the stockholders of the
Company) concerning a Share Transaction (a "Share Transaction Proposal") or
otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement a Share
Transaction Proposal.

                                      -3-

         11. No Limitation on Discretion as Director. Nothing in this Agreement
shall be deemed to apply to, or to limit in any manner, the discretion of any
Stockholder with respect to any action to be taken (or omitted) by such
Stockholder in such Stockholder's fiduciary capacity as a director of the
Company and solely with respect to actions or omissions of such director in his
or her capacity as a director; provided, however, it is agreed and understood by
the parties hereto that the obligations, covenants and agreements of such
Stockholder contained in this Agreement are separate and apart from such
Stockholder's fiduciary duties as a director of the Company and no fiduciary
obligations that such Stockholder may have as a director of the Company shall
countermand the obligations, covenants and agreements of such Stockholder, as a
stockholder of the Company, contained in this Agreement.

         12. Representations and Warranties of the Stockholders. Each
Stockholder hereby severally represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

         (a) Authority Relative to this Agreement. Such Stockholder has all
necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform
its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Stockholder and the
consummation by such Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby have
been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the
Stockholder. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
such Stockholder and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such
Stockholder, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of
general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights and to general
equity principles.

         (b) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such
Stockholder does not, and the performance of this Agreement by such Stockholder
will not, (i) require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, or
filing with or notification to (other than pursuant to the Exchange Act), any
governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign by or with respect to
such Stockholder, (ii) if applicable, conflict with or violate the articles of
incorporation, by-laws or other organizational documents of such Stockholder,
(iii) conflict with or violate any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or
decree applicable to such Stockholder or by which such Stockholder's Shares or
New Shares are bound, or (iv) result in any breach of or constitute a default
(or any event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default)
under, or give to others any right of termination, amendment, acceleration or
cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or other encumbrance of any
nature whatsoever on such Stockholder's Shares or New Shares pursuant to, any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit,
franchise or other instrument or obligation to which such Stockholder is a party
or by which such Stockholder or such Stockholder's Shares or New Shares may be
bound, except, in the case of clauses (iii) and (iv), for any such conflicts,
violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which would not prevent or
materially delay the performance by such Stockholder of its obligations
hereunder.

                                      -4-

         (c) Title to the Shares. As of the date of this Agreement, such
Stockholder does not beneficially own any shares of capital stock of the Company
other than the number of Shares set forth opposite such Stockholder's name on
one of the signature pages hereto and does not have any options, warrants or
other rights to acquire any additional shares of capital stock of the Company or
any security exercisable for or convertible into shares of capital stock of the
Company, other than as set forth in the written Disclosure Schedule to the
Merger Agreement. Except for any Shares pledged pursuant to Section 9 of the
Shareholders Agreement, such Stockholder owns all such Shares free and clear of
all security interests, liens, claims, pledges, options, rights of first
refusal, agreements, charges, security interests and other encumbrances of any
nature whatsoever, and, except as provided in Section 14 of the Shareholders
Agreement and this Agreement, there are no limitations on such Stockholder's
voting rights with respect to any of the Shares beneficially owned by such
Stockholder and such Stockholder has not appointed or granted any proxy with
respect to voting, which appointment or grant is still effective, with respect
to the Shares. Other than Section 9 of the Shareholders Agreement, there are no
agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character to which such
Stockholder is a party relating to the pledge or disposition of any Shares or
any other shares of capital stock of the Company and, except for Section 14 of
the Shareholders Agreement and this Agreement, there are no voting trusts or
voting agreements to which such Stockholder is a party with respect to any
shares of capital stock of the Company.

         13. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Parent. Parent hereby
represents and warrants to the Stockholders that Parent has all necessary power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and
to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement by Parent have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent. This
Agreement and the Merger Agreement have each been duly and validly executed and
delivered by Parent and each constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation
of Parent enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of
general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights and to general
equity principles.

         14. Further Assurances. From time to time, at the other party's request
and without further consideration, each party hereto shall execute and deliver,
or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional consents, documents and
other instruments and take all such further action as may be necessary or
desirable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner
practicable, the Merger Transactions and the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.

         15. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to
occur of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement, (ii) the Effective Time
(as defined in the Merger Agreement) and (iii) the first anniversary of the date
of this Agreement.

         16. Assignment; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and all of
the provisions hereof shall be binding and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but neither this
Agreement nor any of the rights, interests and obligations hereunder shall be

                                      -5-

assigned by any of the parties hereto without the prior written consent of the
other parties. Any purported assignment made in violation of this Agreement
shall be null and void. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights or
remedies hereunder upon any other Person except the parties hereto.

         17. Modification or Amendment. Subject to the provisions of the
applicable law, the parties hereto may modify or amend this Agreement, by
written agreement executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the
respective parties.

         18. Waiver of Conditions. The conditions to each of the parties'
obligations to consummate the Merger are for the sole benefit of such party and
may be waived by such party in whole or in part to the extent permitted by
applicable law.

         19. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument,
and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement.

         20. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

         (a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE IN AND IN ALL RESPECTS
SHALL BE INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND GOVERNED BY AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS
OF THE STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES
THEREOF. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of New York and the Federal courts of the United States of America
located in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York solely in respect of
the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement and of
the proxies referred to in Section 2 and in respect of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a
defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement
hereof or of any such document, that it is not subject thereto or that such
action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said
courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement
or any such proxy may not be enforced in or by such courts, and the parties
hereto irrevocably agree that all claims with respect to such action or
proceeding shall be heard and determined in such a New York State or Federal
court. The parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over
the person of such parties and over the subject matter of such dispute and agree
that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or
proceeding in the manner provided in Section 21 or in such other manner as may
be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

         (b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY
ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PROXIES REFERRED TO IN SECTION 2 IS LIKELY TO
INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF OR

                                      -6-

RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.
EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (I) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR
ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH
OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING
WAIVER, (II) EACH SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF
THIS WAIVER, (III) EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (IV) EACH
SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS,
THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 20.

         21. Notices. Any notice, request, instruction or other document to be
given hereunder by any party to the others shall be in writing and delivered
personally or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or by
facsimile:

         if to Parent, to:
         ----------------

         CONMED Corporation
         525 French Road
         Utica, NY 13502
         Attention: General Counsel
         fax:  (315) 793-8929

         with a copy to:
         Robert W. Downes
         Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
         125 Broad Street
         New York, New York 10004
         fax:  (212) 558-3588.

         if to any Stockholder, to:
         -------------------------
         the address set forth opposite such Stockholder's name on one
         of the signature pages of this Agreement.

or to such other persons or addresses as may be designated in writing by the
party to receive such notice as provided above.

         22. Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the proxies granted
pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all other
prior agreements, understandings, representations and warranties both written
and oral, among the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

         23. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed
severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not
affect the validity or enforceability or the other provisions hereof. If any
provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person or any
circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and equitable
provision shall be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be
valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable

                                      -7-

provision and (b) the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such
provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not be affected by such
invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability
affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application
thereof, in any other jurisdiction.

         24. Specific Performance. The parties hereto each acknowledge that, in
view of the uniqueness of the subject matter hereof, the parties hereto would
not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages if this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with its terms, and therefore agree that the parties
hereto shall be entitled to specific enforcement of the terms hereof in addition
to any other remedy to which the parties hereto may be entitled at law or in
equity.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

                                      -8-

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by duly authorized officers of the parties hereto as of the date hereof.

                                      CONMED CORPORATION

                                      By:    /s/ Heather L. Cohen
                                         --------------------------------------
                                           Name:  Heather L. Cohen
                                           Title: Assistant Secretary

                                      -9-

                      (Signature Pages to Voting Agreement)

                                                  NUMBER OF SHARES
STOCKHOLDER                                      BENEFICIALLY OWNED
- -----------                                      ------------------

/s/ Terry D. Wall                                      3,203,809
- -------------------------------------------
Name:  Terry D. Wall
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

/s/ Gerard S. Carlozzi                                 7,552
- -------------------------------------------
Name:  Gerard S. Carlozzi
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

/s/ David J. Bershad                                   517,477
- -------------------------------------------
Name:  David J. Bershad
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

/s/ Anthony J. Dimun                                   288,738
- -------------------------------------------
Name:  Anthony J. Dimun
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

/s/ David H. MacCallum                                 141,366
- -------------------------------------------
Name:  David H. MacCallum
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

                                      -10-

                      (Signature Pages to Voting Agreement)

                                                 NUMBER OF SHARES
STOCKHOLDER                                     BENEFICIALLY OWNED
- -----------                                     ------------------

/s/ Pertti Tormala                                   1,028,080
- --------------------------------------------
Name:  Pertti Tormala
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

/s/ Pertti Viitanen                                    145,779
- --------------------------------------------
Name:  Pertti Viitanen
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

/s/ Drew Karazin                                        22,123
- --------------------------------------------
Name:  Drew Karazin
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

/s/ Marrku Tamminmaki                                  164,479
- --------------------------------------------
Name:  Marrku Tamminmaki
Address:  c/o Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynned Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA 19422

Total                                                5,519,403

Total Shares Outstanding                            10,773,397

Percentage of Total Shares Outstanding                  51.23%

                                      -11-

                                                                       EXHIBIT A
                                                                       ---------

                                  FORM OF PROXY

         The undersigned, for consideration received, hereby appoints _________,
________________ and _____________________ and each of them [my][its] proxies,
with power of substitution and resubstitution, to vote all shares of common
stock, par value $.0019 per share, of BIONX Implants, Inc., a Pennsylvania
corporation (the "Company"), [and [insert any New Shares (as defined in the
Voting Agreement) or other shares of capital stock of the Company owned by the
Stockholder (as defined in the Voting Agreement)]] owned by the undersigned at
the [special] meeting of stockholders of the Company to be held [insert date,
time and place] and at any adjournment thereof IN FAVOR OF adoption of the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January __, 2003 (the "Merger
Agreement"), among the Company, CONMED Corporation ("Parent") and [Arrow] Merger
Sub, Inc. and IN FAVOR OF consummation of the Merger Transactions, and AGAINST
any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) at any meeting of
stockholders of the Company and at any adjournment thereof at which any
Acquisition Proposal is considered. This proxy is coupled with an interest,
revokes all prior proxies granted by the undersigned and is irrevocable until
such time as the Voting Agreement, dated as of January __, 2003 between the
undersigned and Parent terminates in accordance with its terms. This proxy shall
be revoked upon termination of such Voting Agreement.

Dated:
       -----------------------------

                                  [STOCKHOLDER]

                                      -12-

                                                                         ANNEX C
                                                                         -------

[GRAPHIC OMITTED]
bancorp
Piper Jaffray

800 Nicollet Mall
Minneapolis, MN 55402-7020

612-303-6000

CONFIDENTIAL

January 12, 2003

Board of Directors
Bionx Implants, Inc.
1777 Sentry Parkway West
Gwynedd Hall, Suite 400
Blue Bell, PA  19422

Members of the Board:

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of common stock, par value $.0019 per share (the "Common
Stock"), of Bionx Implants, Inc. (the "Company") of the consideration to be
received by the holders of Common Stock, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of
Merger (the "Agreement") to be entered into among the Company, CONMED
Corporation ("Parent") and Arrow Merger Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Parent ("Merger Sub"). The Agreement provides for the merger (the "Merger")
of Merger Sub with and into the Company, and in connection therewith, each
issued and outstanding share of Common Stock shall be converted into the right
to receive $4.35 in cash (the "Merger Consideration"). The terms and conditions
of the Merger are more fully set forth in the Agreement.

U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc., as a customary part of its investment banking
business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, underwriting and secondary
distributions of securities, private placements and valuations for estate,
corporate and other purposes. We will receive a fee for providing this opinion.
This opinion fee is not contingent upon the consummation of the Merger. U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray Inc. is entitled to an additional fee in the event of the
consummation of the Merger. The Company has also agreed to indemnify us against
certain liabilities in connection with our services. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
and our affiliates, in the ordinary course of our business, may actively trade
securities of the Company for our own account or the account of our customers
and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such
securities.

In arriving at our opinion, we have undertaken such review, analyses and
inquiries as we deemed necessary and appropriate under the circumstances. Among
other things, we have reviewed (i) the draft dated January 12, 2003 of the
Agreement, (ii) certain publicly available financial, operating and business
information related to the Company, (iii) certain internal financial information
of the Company prepared for financial planning purposes and furnished by the
management of the Company, (iv) certain publicly available market and securities
data of the Company, (v) to the extent publicly available, financial terms of
certain acquisition transactions involving companies operating in industries
deemed similar to that in which the Company operates and (vi) to the extent
publicly available, financial data of selected public companies deemed
comparable to the Company. We have had discussions with members of the
management of the Company concerning the financial condition, current operating
results and business outlook for the Company.

We have relied upon and assumed the accuracy, completeness and fairness of the
financial statements and other information provided to us by the Company or
otherwise made available to us, and have not assumed responsibility for the
independent verification of such information. We have relied upon the assurances
of the management of the Company that the information provided to us as set
forth above has been prepared on a reasonable basis in accordance with industry
practice and, with respect to financial planning data and other business outlook
information, reflects the best currently available estimates and judgment of
management, and that they are not aware of any information or facts that would
make the information provided to us incomplete or misleading. We express no
opinion as to such financial planning data and other business outlook
information or the assumptions on which they are based. We have also assumed the
Merger will be consummated pursuant to the terms of the draft Agreement reviewed
by us without material modifications thereto and without waiver by any party of
any material conditions or obligations thereunder.

In arriving at our opinion, we have not performed any appraisals or valuations
of any specific assets or liabilities of the Company and have not been furnished
with any such appraisals or valuations. We express no opinion regarding the
liquidation value of the Company. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, we have undertaken no independent analysis of any owned or leased
real estate, or any pending or threatened litigation, possible unasserted claims
or other contingent liabilities, to which the Company or its respective
affiliates are a party or may be subject and our opinion makes no assumption
concerning and therefore does not consider the possible assertion of claims,
outcomes or damages arising out of any such matters.

This opinion is necessarily based upon the information available to us and facts
and circumstances as they exist and are subject to evaluation on the date
hereof; events occurring after the date hereof could materially affect the
assumptions used in preparing this opinion. We are not expressing any opinion
herein as to the price at which shares of Common Stock have traded or may trade
following announcement of the proposed Merger or at any future time. We have not
undertaken to reaffirm or revise this opinion or otherwise comment upon any
events occurring after the date hereof and do not have any obligation to update,
revise or reaffirm this opinion. Our opinion addresses solely the fairness of
the Merger Consideration and does not address any other term or agreement
relating to the Merger, or the ability of Parent to fund the Merger
Consideration.

This opinion is directed to the Board of Directors of the Company and is not
intended to be and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of
the Company. We were not requested to opine as to, and this opinion does not
address, the basic business decision to proceed with or effect the Merger or
structure thereof, or the relative merits of the Merger compared to any
alternative business strategy or transaction in which the Company might engage.
This opinion shall not be published or otherwise used, nor shall any public
references to us be made without our prior written approval. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, we consent to inclusion of this opinion in the proxy or information
statement relating to the Merger, in accordance with the terms of our engagement
by the Company.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and based upon such other factors as we
consider relevant, it is our opinion that the Merger Consideration proposed to
be received in the Merger pursuant to the Agreement for the Common Stock is
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Common Stock as of the
date hereof.

Sincerely,

/s/ U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray

U.S. BANCORP PIPER JAFFRAY INC.

                                       -2-

                              BIONX IMPLANTS, INC.

                SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS, __________, 2003

         The undersigned hereby appoints Gerard Carlozzi and Drew Karazin, and
each with full power to act without the other, as proxies, with full power of
substitution, for and in the name of the undersigned to vote and act with
respect to all shares of common stock of Bionx Implants, Inc. (the "Company")
standing in the name of the undersigned on ________, 2003, or with respect to
which the undersigned is entitled to vote and act, at the Special Meeting of
Stockholders of the Company to be held on ________, 2003 and at any and all
adjournments thereof, with all the powers the undersigned would possess if
personally present, and particularly, but without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the matters described on the reverse side of this proxy. All shares
represented by proxy will be voted in accordance with the instructions, if any,
given in such proxy. A stockholder may abstain from voting on a proposal by so
indicating on the reverse side.

           THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The votes represented by this proxy will be voted as marked by you. However, if
you execute and return the proxy unmarked, such votes will be voted "FOR" the
proposal to adopt the agreement and plan of merger and the transactions
contemplated thereby. Please mark the appropriate box with an "x."

           The Board of Directors Recommends a Vote "FOR".

1. Adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 13, 2003,
among CONMED Corporation, Arrow Merger Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
CONMED, and Bionx Implants, Inc., and the transactions contemplated thereby.

                  FOR         AGAINST         ABSTAIN

                 [  ]            [  ]           [  ]

2. In their discretion, proxies shall be authorized to vote upon such other
matters as may properly be brought before the meeting or any adjournment
thereof.

When shares are held as joint tenants, both should sign. When signing as
attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian, please give full title
as such. If a corporation, please sign in the full corporate name by president
or other authorized officer. If a partnership, please sign in the partnership
name by authorized person.

Dated: ___________,  2003

________________________________
Signature

________________________________
Signature if held jointly

PLEASE SIGN, DATE, AND RETURN THIS PROXY CARD PROMPTLY USING THE ENCLOSED
ENVELOPE.

                                      -2-

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----