If the merger agreement is adopted at the special meeting, all
required consents and approvals are obtained and all other conditions of the
obligations of the parties to consummate the merger are either satisfied or

Background of the Merger

         During the last several years, Mediconsult has held conversations with
a number of companies to evaluate possible business combinations or strategic
alliances. In the third quarter of 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors
began considering alternatives to maximize shareholder value and raise

         Mediconsult's advisors contacted a number of companies that they and
Mediconsult had identified as candidates for a possible business combination or
strategic alliance with Mediconsult. In the last week of August, 2000, Robert A.
Jennings, the then Chairman of Mediconsult, received an indication of interest
from a third party regarding a possible strategic transaction or business
combination between the two companies.

          Beginning the first week in September 2000, Ian Sutcliffe, Chief
Executive Officer of Mediconsult, and E. Michael Ingram, Chief Financial Officer
of Mediconsult, had several telephone conversations with the senior management
of the third party who had expressed an interest in Mediconsult to explore the
possibility of a strategic transaction between the companies.

          An initial meeting with senior management of this third party was held
on Monday, September 18, 2000, to discuss potential terms for a transaction
between the two companies. Meetings between the two parties continued through
the balance of September and into October, 2000.

          On October 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss possible strategic transactions. At the meeting, Mr. Ingram
disclosed that Mediconsult had been approached by a third party about a possible
transaction between the two companies, a nondisclosure agreement had been signed
by the two companies and due diligence on the third party had begun.

          At the October 4, 2000 board meeting, Mr. Ingram informed the board of
directors that Mediconsult and its advisors had contacted several other parties
that might be interested in participating in a transaction with Mediconsult.
 After contacting the parties, Mediconsult received five responses, of which two
parties declined to engage in discussions. During October, Mediconsult's
management met with three of the parties.

          On October 9, 2000, an initial meeting was held with Timothy Nolan,
President and Chief Operating Officer of Cybear Inc., Andrx Corporation's
wholly-owned subsidiary. Attending for Mediconsult were Messrs. Sutcliffe and

meeting was followed by subsequent meetings in October and November 2000,
attended by additional members of the Cybear and Mediconsult senior management
teams, including complete mutual due diligence and presentations of corporate
strategies and financial plans.

          On October 24, 2000, Mediconsult engaged McFarland Dewey as its

         On November 2, 2000, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss the status of any possible strategic transactions. During the
meeting, Mr. Sutcliffe reported that after exploring options with a number of
potential parties, he believed that only the third party who had approached
Mediconsult in August presented a viable alternative at that time. Mediconsult's
senior management and legal advisors then presented the principal terms of the
proposed combination with the third party who had approached Mediconsult in
August to its board of directors for discussion.

          In the first week of December 2000, Andrx Corporation, via Cybear Inc.,
submitted a proposal to acquire all of the issued and outstanding stock of
exchange for Cybear tracking stock. On December 4, 2000, the Mediconsult board
of directors held a special meeting to discuss the terms of Cybear's proposal
with Mediconsult's senior management and legal and financial advisors. After
some discussion, the Mediconsult board of directors proposed several

         On December 8, 2000, Andrx Corporation submitted a draft merger
agreement to Mediconsult. Over the course of the next month, representatives of
Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult and their respective advisors completed their
due diligence investigations and proceeded to negotiate the terms of the final

         On January 3, 2001, senior executives of both Andrx Corporation and
Cybear made a presentation to the Mediconsult board of directors regarding each
of their respective businesses and the possible benefits of combining
Mediconsult and Cybear.

          On January 4, 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to discuss with its financial and legal advisors the details of the
outstanding Cybear tracking stock to be received by Mediconsult's stockholders,
management and certain of Mediconsult's debtors after the merger and a brief
outline of the terms of the $2,000,000 of interim financing that Cybear agreed
to provide to fund Mediconsult's operating costs between the signing and closing
of the proposed transaction. In addition, representatives of Covington &
Burling, Mediconsult's outside legal advisors, made a presentation to the
Mediconsult board of directors regarding their legal due diligence on Cybear and
Andrx Corporation and representatives of McFarland Dewey, financial advisors to
Mediconsult, made a presentation regarding their analysis of the financial terms
of proposed transaction and discussed the results of the negotiations with the

         On January 9, 2001, the Mediconsult board of directors held a special
meeting to vote on the proposed transaction with Andrx Corporation and Cybear.
 At this meeting, Mr. Ingram summarized the principal terms of the credit
agreement and related loan documents. McFarland Dewey then followed up with a
brief review of the presentation they made to the Mediconsult board of directors
at the January 4, 2001 meeting and expressed its opinion that the exchange ratio
was fair to the holders of Mediconsult common stock, from a financial point of
view. Following these presentations and discussions, the Mediconsult board of
directors unanimously approved the merger agreement. After the close of business
that day, Andrx Corporation and Mediconsult executed the merger agreement and
issued a joint press release announcing the merger on the morning of January 10,

Opinion of Mediconsult's Financial Advisor

         The board of directors of Mediconsult retained McFarland Dewey to
deliver an opinion in connection with the merger. On January 9, 2001, McFarland
Dewey delivered to the Mediconsult board of directors an oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated January 9, 2001,
to the effect that, as of that date, and based upon and subject to the factors
and assumptions set forth in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair from a
financial point of view to the holders of Mediconsult shares.

          The full text of the definitive written McFarland Dewey opinion, dated
January 9, 2001, which sets forth the assumptions made, the procedures followed,
the matters considered and the limitations on the scope of the review undertaken
by McFarland Dewey in rendering its opinion is attached as Annex B to this proxy
statement/prospectus. Mediconsult's stockholders are urged to read the McFarland
Dewey opinion carefully and in its entirety. The summary of the McFarland Dewey
opinion set forth in this proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. Mediconsult's
stockholders should note that:

     o    The opinion does not address the merits of the underlying decision of
         the Mediconsult board of directors to proceed with or effect the merger
         and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how
         such stockholder should vote with respect to the merger agreement.

     o    McFarland Dewey was not engaged by Mediconsult to participate in or
         advise with respect to the negotiation of the terms of the merger or
         any other alternative transaction and has not done so. Without limiting
         the foregoing, although in connection with the preparation of the
         opinion, McFarland Dewey did not assist Mediconsult in soliciting
         indications of interest from third parties for the acquisition of
         Mediconsult, McFarland Dewey considered the limited market check
         conducted by Mediconsult's previous financial advisor.

     o    McFarland Dewey does not express an opinion as to the terms of any
         transaction related to or ancillary to the merger, financial or
         otherwise, such as the financings contemplated by Mediconsult in the
         form of loan(s) from Cybear in connection with the merger.

          The summary set forth below does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses underlying the McFarland Dewey opinion or the
presentation made by McFarland Dewey to the Mediconsult board of directors. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving
various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of
financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to
partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, McFarland
Dewey did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor
considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance
and relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly, McFarland Dewey believes
that its analysis must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of
its analysis, without considering all analyses, would create an incomplete view
of the process underlying its opinion.

          In performing its analyses, numerous assumptions were made with respect
to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of McFarland
Dewey, Mediconsult, Cybear or Andrx Corporation. Any estimates contained in the
analyses performed by McFarland Dewey are not necessarily indicative of actual
values or future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than
suggested by such analyses. Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses
or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
such businesses or securities might actually be sold. Accordingly, such analyses
and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. In addition, as
described above, the McFarland Dewey opinion was among several factors taken
into consideration by the Mediconsult

board of directors in making its determination to approve the merger.
 Consequently, the McFarland Dewey analyses described below should not be viewed
as determinative of the decision of the Mediconsult board of directors or
Mediconsult's management with respect to the fairness of the exchange ratio of

         In arriving at its opinion, McFarland Dewey, among other things:

    o    reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information
         relating to Mediconsult, Andrx Corporation and Cybear which McFarland
         Dewey deemed to be relevant;

    o    reviewed certain confidential information, including financial
         forecasts furnished to McFarland Dewey by Mediconsult, relating to the
         each of Mediconsult and Cybear;

    o    conducted discussions with members of senior management and
         representatives of Mediconsult, Andrx Corporation and Cybear concerning
         the matters described in the clauses above, as well as their respective
         businesses and prospects before and after giving effect to the merger;

    o    visited the facilities of both Mediconsult and Cybear;

    o    reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for Mediconsult
         shares outstanding common stock and Cybear shares outstanding tracking
         stock and compared them with those of certain publicly traded companies
         which McFarland Dewey deemed to be relevant;

    o    reviewed the results of operations of Mediconsult and Cybear and
         compared them with those of certain publicly traded companies which
         McFarland Dewey deemed to be relevant;

    o    compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
         terms of certain other transactions which McFarland Dewey deemed to be

    o    reviewed the impact of the merger on the combined company which
         reflected the impact of purchase accounting;

    o    reviewed a draft of the merger agreement dated January 5, 2001; and

    o    reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
         account such other matters as McFarland Dewey deemed relevant,
         including McFarland Dewey's assessment of general economic, market and
         monetary conditions.

          In preparing its opinion, McFarland Dewey assumed and relied on the
accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made
available to McFarland Dewey, discussed with or reviewed by McFarland Dewey, or
publicly available. McFarland Dewey did not assume any responsibility for
independently verifying such information. McFarland Dewey has not undertaken an
independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of
Mediconsult or Cybear or been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.

          Additionally, McFarland Dewey assumed that:

    o    Mediconsult would be unable to secure alternative financing in
         sufficient time to provide working capital to continue operations, and
         that if such financing was not obtained, Mediconsult would be unable to
         continue as a going concern in the absence of the

         consummation of the merger and would likely seek protection from
         creditors under the bankruptcy laws;

    o    based on time constraints and Mediconsult's current circumstances, the
         merger is the best available transaction or course of action
         practically available that would address Mediconsult's liquidity and
         other financial concerns;

    o    the information furnished to or discussed with McFarland Dewey by
         Mediconsult or Cybear has been prepared on a reasonable basis in
         accordance with industry practice and, with respect to financial
         planning data, reflects the best currently available estimates and
         judgment of Mediconsult's or Cybear's management as to the expected
         future financial performance of Mediconsult or Cybear, and that the
         management of Mediconsult or Cybear is not aware of any information or
         facts that would make the information provided to McFarland Dewey
         incomplete or misleading;

    o    there have been no material changes in Mediconsult's assets, financial
         condition, results of operations, business or prospects since the date
         of the last financial statements or information made available to
         McFarland Dewey;

    o    the merger will be accounted for as a purchase under generally accepted
         accounting principles and that it will qualify as a tax-free
         reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

    o    that the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially
         similar to the last draft reviewed by McFarland Dewey.

          The McFarland Dewey opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic
and other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of, the date
of such opinion. Other than as set forth in the draft merger agreement reviewed
by McFarland Dewey, McFarland Dewey assumed that no material third party
approvals regarding Mediconsult or Cybear with respect to any contracts or
otherwise will be necessary.

          McFarland Dewey reviewed and analyzed the proposed terms of the merger,

    o    Following the merger, Mediconsult would be a wholly-owned subsidiary of
         Andrx Corporation;

    o    As a result of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of common
         stock of Mediconsult would be converted into the right to receive
         0.1430 shares of Cybear tracking stock, subject to the adjustment
         provided for in the merger agreement. If the maximum adjustment was
         made, the exchange ratio would be reduced to 0.1144.

     o    Mediconsult had negative working capital of approximately $7,179,000 as

    o    Upon signing of the merger agreement, Cybear agreed to loan Mediconsult

    o    Mediconsult's shares of common stock outstanding as of the consummation
         of the merger will increase to approximately 82,056,000 shares due to
         the conversion of existing Mediconsult liabilities to common stock; and

    o    Total transaction value, based on 82,056,000 shares of outstanding

         The following is a brief summary of the material analyses prepared by
McFarland Dewey in connection with the rendering of the McFarland Dewey opinion.

          Stock Price History. To provide contextual data and comparative market
data, McFarland Dewey examined the history of the trading prices for both Cybear
tracking stock and Mediconsult common stock and their relative relationships to
each other for the latest twelve months and compared the results to the NASDAQ
Index and S & P 500 Index. This information was prepared solely to provide
background information regarding the stock prices of Mediconsult and Cybear over
the periods indicated below as both companies similarly under-performed the two

         Comparison of Selected Comparable Companies. McFarland Dewey compared
the trading multiples for Mediconsult to corresponding multiples of a select
Corporation, and Cybear. Based on its analysis, McFarland Dewey derived a
summary reference range of implied enterprise values of Mediconsult.

          The following table summarizes the results of McFarland Dewey's company
comparable analyses.

                                                 Implied Mediconsult Multiple          Comparable Company Multiples
                                                                                                       Adjusted
                                                    Low           High           Low        Median     Average       High
Exchange Ratio                                     0.1144        0.1430

Revenue

         The analysis indicated that, with the exception of Transaction Value to
Book Value, Mediconsult's implied multiples exceeded the low end of the range of
comparable multiples but were well below the adjusted average and median
multiples. None of the comparable companies is identical to Mediconsult.
 Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors that could
ultimately affect the value of Mediconsult.

          Analysis of Selected Comparable Transactions. McFarland Dewey reviewed
certain publicly available information regarding fifty-four select e-health
related acquisitions and calculated transaction value to last twelve months
sales multiples for such transactions. Due to the significant downturn in the
public markets at the end of March, 2000, the fifty-four transactions were
last twelve months negative EBIT and net income, McFarland Dewey did not
consider EBIT and net income to be a useful comparison.

          The following table summarizes the results of McFarland Dewey's
analysis of transactions comparable to the merger.

                                                    Implied Mediconsult                 Comparable Transaction Multiples
                                                         Multiple
                                                                                                       Adjusted
                                                    Low           High           Low        Median     Average       High
Exchange Ratio                                     0.1144        0.1430

Transaction Value to LTM Sales:

         The analysis indicated that Mediconsult's implied multiples were below
the low end of the range of comparable multiples. No company or transaction used
in the above analysis as a comparison was identical to Mediconsult. Accordingly,
an analysis of the results of the comparison is not purely mathematical; rather
it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
historical and projected financial and operating characteristics of the
comparable acquired companies and other factors that could affect the
acquisition value of such companies and Mediconsult.

          Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. As the future viability of Mediconsult
as a going concern is assumed to be in question beyond March, 2001, McFarland
Dewey believes that a discounted cash flow analysis would not be a meaningful
measure of value or reference for comparative value.

          Earnings Per Share Analysis And Balance Sheet Effect. McFarland Dewey
reviewed the accretion or dilution that the merger would have on pro forma
earnings per share indicated by the projections prepared by the managements of
Mediconsult and Cybear and by the total annual expense reduction for the fiscal
year 2001, resulting from the merger. McFarland Dewey also reviewed the impact
that the merger would have on the projected pro forma balance sheet.

          McFarland Dewey has, in the past, provided financial advisory services
to Mediconsult in connection with its merger with Physicians' Online as well as
in connection with other transactions and received compensation for such
services. Pursuant to a letter dated December 26, 2000, Mediconsult has agreed
to pay McFarland Dewey a cash fee of $250,000 and 500,000 shares of Mediconsult
common stock upon the rendering of the fairness opinion. McFarland Dewey may
provide such services to the surviving corporation in the merger and/or its
affiliates and may receive fees for the rendering of such services.

          Additionally, Mediconsult agreed to reimburse McFarland Dewey for
fees and disbursements of its legal counsel. Mediconsult has also agreed to
indemnify McFarland Dewey and certain related persons for certain liabilities
related to or arising out of its engagement, including liabilities under the
federal securities laws.

          Mediconsult retained McFarland Dewey based upon McFarland Dewey's
experience and expertise. McFarland Dewey, as part of its investment banking
business, is engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, competitive bids, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.

 Recommendation of Mediconsult's Board of Directors

         Mediconsult's board of directors believes that the merger is advisable,
fair to and in the best interests of Mediconsult and its stockholders and
unanimously recommends to its stockholders that they vote "FOR" the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement.

 Interests of Certain Directors, Officers and Affiliates in the Merger

         Other than as described herein, no director or executive officer of
Mediconsult, and no associate of any such person, has any substantial interest,
direct or indirect, in the merger, other than an interest arising from the
ownership of Mediconsult common stock, in which case the director or officer
receives no extra or special benefit not shared on a pro rata basis by all other
holders of Mediconsult common stock.

          Certain members of Mediconsult's management and board of directors may
be deemed to have interests in the merger in addition to their interests as
stockholders of Mediconsult generally. In each case, the Mediconsult board of
directors either was aware of these factors or, with respect to interests that
arose subsequent to the signing of the merger agreement, was aware of their
potential, and considered them, among other matters, in approving the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

          Indemnification. The merger agreement provides that Andrx Corporation
shall for a period of four years after the effective time of the merger
indemnify, defend and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted under
applicable law, each present and former director, officer, employee, trustee and
agent of Mediconsult or any of its subsidiaries, including each person
controlling any of the foregoing persons, for any acts or omissions, or alleged
acts or omissions, by them in their capacities as such to the extent they were
indemnified by Mediconsult on the date of the merger agreement. Andrx
Corporation shall also maintain Mediconsult's existing directors' and officers'
liability insurance policies, or policies providing terms at least as favorable
as the existing policies, for a period of four years after the effective time of

Description of Andrx Corporation Capital Stock

         Under Andrx Corporation's current capital structure, there are two
classes of common stock - Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock.
 Specifically, the Cybear tracking stock is common stock of Andrx that, unlike
typical common stock, is designed to track the financial performance of a
specific group of Andrx Corporation's business operations and related allocated
assets, rather than operations and assets of the entire company. For instance,
operations and assets dedicated to Andrx Corporation's Internet assets are
referred to as Cybear. Therefore, the Cybear tracking stock is not stock of
Cybear, but rather a class of Andrx Corporation's common stock containing
special provisions intended to tie the value of that stock primarily to the
operations and assets that it attributes to Cybear.

          The chief mechanism intended to cause the Cybear tracking stock to
"track" the financial performance of Cybear are special provisions in Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation governing dividends and
distributions. The provisions governing dividends provide that Andrx
Corporation's board of directors has discretion to decide if and when to declare
dividends subject to certain limitations. Those limitations are dependent, in
part, upon the excess of earnings and paid-in capital or of the fair value of
the net assets allocated to Cybear over the outstanding Cybear tracking stock's
combined par value and amounts needed to satisfy preferences and debt
obligations allocated to the related division. Within these and other, general
limitations under the certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, the amount
of any dividend payment will be at the Andrx Corporation's board of directors'
discretion. When deciding whether to declare a dividend, and for how much, the
board of directors would consider, among other things, the earnings, financial
condition, capital requirements and level of indebtedness of Andrx or Cybear, as
the case may be. To date, Andrx Corporation has never paid or declared a cash
dividend on shares of any of its series of common stock, nor does Andrx
Corporation anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. Unless declared,
dividends do not accrue on the Cybear tracking stock.

          Andrx Corporation aids investors in evaluating the net worth and
earnings performance of each of its groups by:

    o    defining in its certificate of incorporation, those assets that will
initially comprise the group; and

    o    publishing quarterly financial statements that break out the assets and
liabilities and results of operations of each group for the reported periods.

 The financial statements include audited annual and unaudited quarterly
financial statements and separate management's discussions and analysis for each
group division and Andrx Corporation. Andrx Corporation manages and accounts for
transactions between the groups and with third parties, and any resulting
re-allocations of assets and liabilities, by applying consistently between the
groups a detailed set of policies established by its board of directors. The
policies appear in Annex D of this proxy statement/prospectus. With some
exceptions contained in the policies, Andrx Corporation's board of directors
retains the discretion to revise the policies at any time, subject to its
fiduciary duties to stockholders.

          The separate financial statements do not represent any physical
segregation of assets among divisions or separate division accounts. They are an
accounting presentation only, for the purpose of permitting investors to assess
the financial performance of the operations and assets allocated to each group.

          While the common stocks are designed to reflect a group's performance,
they remain common stocks of the entire company. Therefore, a holder of Cybear
tracking stock is a common stockholder subject to the risks of investing in the
business, assets and liabilities of Andrx Corporation as a whole. For instance,
the assets allocated to any group are nonetheless subject to company-wide claims
of creditors, product liability plaintiffs and stockholder litigation. Also, in
the event of Andrx Corporation's liquidation, insolvency or similar event, a
holder of Andrx Corporation common stock would have no direct claim against the
assets allocated to the corresponding tracked group; a holder of common stock
would only have the rights of a common stockholder in the combined assets of
Andrx Corporation, subject also to Andrx Corporation's allocation of liquidation

         If the merger is approved, you will be exchanging your Mediconsult
common stock for Cybear tracking stock. A summary of the material terms of the
Andrx capital stock is set forth below. The summary is not complete. We
encourage you to read the certificate of incorporation which is attached as

Authorized and Outstanding Shares

         The certificate of incorporation authorizes Andrx Corporation to issue
preferred stock. Shares of each class of stock will have a par value of $0.001
per share. The board of directors will be able to issue shares of preferred
tracking stock, and no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding.

 Dividends

         Dividends on the Andrx common stock and dividends on the Cybear
tracking stock are limited to an amount not greater than the Available Dividend
Amount as defined in the certificate of incorporation for the relevant group.

          Delaware law limits the amount of distributions on capital stock to the
legally available funds, which are determined on the basis of the entire
company, and not only the respective groups. As a result, the amount of legally
available funds will reflect the amount of any net losses of each group, any
distributions on Andrx common stock, Cybear tracking stock or any preferred
stock and any repurchases of Andrx common stock, Cybear tracking stock or
certain preferred stock. Dividend payments on the Andrx common stock and on the
Cybear tracking stock could be precluded because legally available funds are not
available under Delaware law, even though the Available Dividend Amount test for
the particular relevant group was met. Andrx Corporation cannot assure
stockholders that there will be an Available Dividend Amount for either group.

          Subject to the prior payment of dividends on any outstanding shares of
preferred stock and the limitations described above, the board of directors is
able, in its sole discretion, to declare and pay dividends exclusively on the
Andrx common stock, exclusively on the Cybear tracking stock or on both, in
equal or unequal amounts. In making its dividend decisions, the board of
directors will not be required to take into account the relative Available
Dividend Amounts for the two groups, the amount of prior dividends declared on
either class, the respective voting or liquidation rights of either class or any

Conversion and Redemption

         The certificate of incorporation permits the conversion or redemption
of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock.

          Mandatory Dividend, Redemption or Conversion of Common Stock If
Disposition of Cybear Assets Occurs. If Andrx Corporation sells, transfers,
assigns or otherwise disposes of, in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, all or substantially all of the properties and assets attributed

    o    pay a dividend in cash and/or securities or other property to the
         holders of the Cybear tracking stock having a fair value equal to the
         net proceeds of the disposition;

    o    if the disposition involves all, but not merely substantially all, of
         such properties and assets, redeem all outstanding shares of the Cybear
         tracking stock for cash and/or securities or other property having a
         fair value equal to the net proceeds of the disposition;

    o    if the disposition involves substantially all, but not all, of such
         properties and assets, redeem or exchange that number of whole shares
         of the class of Cybear tracking stock as have in the aggregate an
         average market value, during the period of ten consecutive trading days
         beginning on the 26th trading day immediately succeeding the
         consummation date, closest to the net proceeds of the disposition; and
         the redemption price will be cash and/or securities or other property
         having a fair value equal to such net proceeds; or

    o    convert each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock to a number of
         shares of Andrx common stock equal to 110% of the ratio of the average
         market value of one share of Cybear tracking stock to the average
         market value of one share of Andrx common stock during the 10-trading
         day period beginning on the 26th trading day following the disposition

         Andrx Corporation may only pay a dividend or redeem shares of common
stock as set forth above if it has legally available funds under Delaware law
and the amount to be paid to holders is less than or equal to the Available
Dividend Amount for the Cybear Group. Andrx Corporation is required to pay this
dividend or complete a redemption or conversion on or prior to the 95th trading
day following the disposition.

          For purposes of determining whether a disposition has occurred,
"substantially all of the properties and assets" attributed to Cybear means a
portion of such properties and assets:

    o    that represents at least 80% of the then fair value of the  properties
and assets attributed to Cybear; or

    o    from which were derived at least 80% of the aggregate revenues of
Cybear for the immediately preceding 12 fiscal quarterly periods.

          The "net proceeds" of a disposition means an amount equal to what
remains of the gross proceeds of the disposition after any payment of, or
reasonable provision is made as determined by the board of directors for:

    o    any taxes payable by Andrx Corporation or which would have been payable
but for the utilization of tax benefits attributable to Andrx, in respect of the
disposition or in respect of any resulting dividend or redemption;

investment banking and accounting fees and expenses; and

    o    any liabilities of or attributed to Cybear, including, without
limitation, any liabilities for deferred taxes, any indemnity or guarantee
obligations incurred in connection with the disposition or otherwise, any
liabilities for future purchase price adjustments and any preferential amounts
plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends in respect of the preferred stock
attributed to Cybear.

          Andrx may elect to pay the dividend or redemption price in connection
with a disposition either in the same form as the proceeds of the disposition
were received or in any other combination of cash, securities or other property
that the Andrx Corporation board of directors determines will have an aggregate
market value of not less than the fair value of the net proceeds.

          The following illustration demonstrates the provisions requiring a
mandatory dividend, redemption or conversion if a disposition occurs. If:

    o    60 million shares of Andrx common stock and 30 million shares of Cybear
tracking stock were outstanding,

    o    the net proceeds of the disposition of substantially all, but not all,
of the assets of Cybear equals $50 million,

    o    the average market value of the Cybear tracking stock during the
10-trading day valuation period was $2 per share and

    o    the average market value of the Andrx common stock during the same

         then Andrx Corporation could do any of the  following:

(1) pay a dividend to the holders of shares of Cybear tracking stock equal to:

                       net proceeds                      =         $50 million     =      $1.66 per share
              number of outstanding shares of                       30 million
              Cybear tracking stock

         (2) redeem for $2 per share a number of shares of Cybear tracking stock

                       net proceeds                      =        $50 million     =      25,000,000 shares
              average market value of                              2 million
              Cybear tracking stock

         (3) convert each outstanding share of Cybear tracking stock into a
number of shares of Andrx common stock equal to:

                   Average market value of
                   Average market value of                          $100 per share
                   Andrx common stock

         Exceptions to the Dividend, Redemption or Conversion Requirement if a
Disposition Occurs. Andrx Corporation is not required to take any of the above
actions for any disposition of all or substantially all of the properties and
assets of Cybear in a transaction or series of related transactions that results
in Andrx Corporation receiving for such properties and assets primarily equity
securities of any entity which:

    o    acquires such  properties or assets or succeeds to the business
conducted with such properties or assets or controls such acquiror or successor;
and

    o    is primarily engaged or proposes to engage primarily in one or more
businesses similar or complementary to the businesses conducted by Cybear prior
to the disposition, as determined by the board of directors.

          The purpose of this exception is to enable Andrx Corporation
technically to "dispose" of properties or assets of Cybear to other entities
engaged or proposing to engage in businesses similar or complementary to those
of Cybear without requiring a dividend on, or a conversion or redemption of,
 Cybear tracking stock, so long as Andrx Corporation holds an equity interest in
that entity. A joint venture in which Andrx Corporation owns a direct or
indirect equity interest is an example of such an acquiror. Andrx Corporation is
not required to control that entity, whether by ownership or contract

         Andrx Corporation is also not required to effect a dividend, redemption
or conversion if the disposition is:

    o    of all or substantially all of its properties and assets in one
transaction or a series of related transactions in connection with its
dissolution, liquidation or winding up and the distribution of its assets to

    o    on a pro rata basis, such as in a spin-off, to the holders of all
outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock; or

    o    made to any person or entity controlled by it, as determined by the

         Notices If Disposition of Group Assets Occurs. Not later than the 20th
trading day after the consummation of a disposition, Andrx Corporation will
announce publicly by press release:

    o    the estimated net proceeds of the disposition;

    o    the number of outstanding shares of the Cybear tracking stock; and

    o    the number of shares of Cybear tracking stock into or for which
convertible securities are then convertible, exchangeable or exercisable and the
conversion, exchange or exercise price thereof.

          Not earlier than the 36th trading day and not later than the 40th
trading day after the consummation of the disposition, Andrx Corporation will
announce publicly by press release whether it will pay a dividend or redeem
shares of common stock with the net proceeds of the disposition or convert the
Cybear tracking stock into the Andrx common stock.

          Andrx Corporation is required to cause to be mailed to each holder of
shares of the Cybear tracking stock the additional notices and other information
required by the certificate of incorporation.

          Conversion of Cybear Tracking Stock at Andrx Corporation's Option at
Any Time. The Andrx Corporation board of directors may at any time after
September 8, 2001, or at any time after a tax event occurs, convert each share
of Cybear tracking stock into a number of shares of Andrx common stock equal to
a percentage as set forth below of the ratio of the average market values of the
Cybear tracking stock to the Andrx common stock over a 20-trading day period.

          Any conversion date occurring after the following
         anniversary of the September 2000 reorganization                  Percentage of market value ratio of
         and on or prior to the next such anniversary                      Cybear tracking stock to the Andrx
                                                                           common stock


         Andrx Corporation will calculate the ratio as of the fifth trading day
prior to the date it mails the conversion notice to holders. However, if a tax
event occurs at any time subsequent to the effective date, a factor of 100%
rather than the above percentages will be applied to the ratio of the average
market values. This means that the holders of the Cybear tracking stock will not
receive any premium in such conversion.

 "Tax event" means the receipt by Andrx Corporation of an opinion of its tax

    o    any amendment to, or change in, the laws or regulations interpreting
such laws of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority,
including any announced proposed change by an applicable legislative committee
or its chair in such laws or by an administrative agency in such regulations, or

    o    any official or administrative pronouncement, action or judicial
decision interpreting or applying such laws or regulations,

it is more likely than not that for United States federal income tax purposes:

    o    Andrx Corporation or its stockholders are, or, at any time in the
future, will be subject to tax upon the issuance of shares of either Andrx
common stock or Cybear tracking stock, or

    o    Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock is not or, at any time in
the future, will not be treated solely as stock of Andrx Corporation.

          These provisions allow Andrx Corporation the flexibility to
recapitalize the two classes of common stock into one class of common stock that
would, after such reorganization, represent an equity interest in all of its
businesses. The optional conversion or redemption could be exercised at any
future time if the Andrx Corporation board of directors determines that, under
the facts and circumstances then existing, an equity structure consisting of two
classes of common stock was no longer in the best interests of all of its
stockholders. Such exchange could be exercised, however, at a time that is
disadvantageous to the holders of one of the classes of common stock.

          Many factors could affect the market values of the Andrx common stock
or the Cybear tracking stock, including the results of operations of Andrx
Corporation and those of each of the groups, trading volume and general economic
and market conditions. Market values could also be affected by decisions by the
board of directors or management that investors perceive to affect differently
one class of common stock compared to the other. These decisions could include
changes to the management and allocation policies, transfers of assets between
groups, allocations of corporate opportunities and financing resources between
the groups and changes in dividend policies.

          The following illustration demonstrates the calculation of the number
of shares issuable upon conversion of Cybear tracking stock into shares of Andrx
common stock at Andrx Corporation's option between the second and third
anniversaries of the reorganization. If:

    o    a tax event has not occurred,

    o    30 million shares of Cybear tracking stock and 60 million shares of
Andrx common stock were outstanding immediately prior to a conversion,

    o    the average market value of one share of the Cybear tracking stock over

    o    the average market value of one share of Andrx common stock over the
same valuation period was $100, then each share of Cybear tracking stock could
be converted into .02 shares of Andrx common stock based on the following

                                             --
                                           $100

         Redemption in Exchange for Stock of Subsidiary. The Andrx Corporation
board of directors may redeem on a pro rata basis all of the outstanding shares
of Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock for shares of the common stock of
one or more of its wholly-owned subsidiaries which own all of the assets and
liabilities attributed to the relevant group. If at the time of any such
redemption of Andrx common stock, Andrx is entitled to Number of Cybear
Designated Shares, as defined in the certificate of incorporation, it will also
issue an equal number of shares of Cybear tracking stock either to (1) the
holders of the Andrx common stock or (2) one or more of those Andrx Corporation
subsidiaries. Andrx Corporation may redeem shares of common stock for subsidiary
stock only if it has legally available funds under Delaware law.

          These provisions are intended to give Andrx Corporation increased
flexibility with respect to spinning-off the assets of one of the groups by
transferring the assets of that group to one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries
and redeeming the shares of common stock related to that group in exchange for
stock of such subsidiary or subsidiaries. As a result of any such redemption,
holders of each class of common stock would hold securities of separate legal
entities operating in distinct lines of business. Such a redemption could be
authorized by the board of directors at any time in the future if it determines
that, under the facts and circumstances then existing, an equity structure
comprised of the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock is no longer
in the best interests of all of the stockholders as a whole.

          Selection of Shares for Redemption. If less than all of the outstanding
shares of a class of common stock are to be redeemed, Andrx Corporation will
redeem such shares proportionately from among the holders of outstanding shares
of such common stock or by such method as may be determined by its board of
directors to be equitable.

          Fractional Interests; Transfer Taxes. Andrx Corporation will not be
required to issue fractional shares of any capital stock or any fractional
securities to any holder of either class of common stock upon any conversion,
redemption, dividend or other distribution described above. If a fraction is not
issued to a holder, Andrx Corporation will pay cash instead of such fraction.

          Andrx Corporation will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or
transfer taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of any
shares of capital stock and/or other securities on conversion or redemption of

Voting Rights

         The certificate of incorporation provides that the entire voting power
of the stockholders will be vested in the holders of common stock, who will be
entitled to vote on any matter on which stockholders are entitled to vote,
except as otherwise required by the board of directors or provided by law or
stock exchange rules, by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock or by any
provision of the certificate of incorporation restricting the power to vote on a
specified matter to other stockholders. Holders of common stock will vote as a
single class on each matter on which holders of common stock are generally

         On all matters as to which both classes of common stock vote together

    o    each share of Andrx common stock will have one vote; and

    o    each share of Cybear tracking stock will have a number of votes equal
to the quotient of the average market value of a share of Cybear tracking stock
over the 20-trading day period ending on the 10th trading day prior to the
record date for determining the holders of common stock entitled to vote,
divided by the average market value of a share of Andrx common stock over the
same period; provided, however, in the event the holders of the Cybear tracking
stock shall hold in excess of 25% of the total voting power, the vote of Cybear
tracking stock shall be reduced to represent 25% of the total voting power.

          Accordingly, the relative per share voting rights of the Andrx common
stock and the Cybear tracking stock will fluctuate depending on changes in the
relative market values of shares of such classes of common stock.

          The Andrx common stock currently has and Andrx Corporation expects that
it will continue to have a substantial majority of the voting power because it
expects that the aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of Andrx
common stock will be substantially greater than the aggregate market value of
the outstanding shares of Cybear tracking stock. As of the record date, the
holders of the Cybear tracking stock have less than 1% of the total voting power
of Andrx Corporation common stock.

          Andrx Corporation will set forth the number of outstanding shares of
Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock in its Annual Report on Form 10-K
and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed under the Exchange Act. Andrx
Corporation will disclose in any proxy statement for a stockholders' meeting the
number of outstanding shares and per share voting rights of the Andrx common
stock and the Cybear tracking stock.

          If shares of only one class of common stock are outstanding, each share
of that class will have one vote. If either class of common stock is entitled to
vote as a separate class with respect to any matter, each share of that class
will, for purpose of such vote, have one vote on such matter.

          Fluctuations in the relative voting rights of the Andrx common stock
and the Cybear tracking stock could influence an investor interested in
acquiring and maintaining a fixed percentage of the voting power of the stock to
acquire such percentage of both classes of common stock, and would limit the
ability of investors in one class to acquire for the same consideration
relatively more or less votes per share than investors in the other class.

          The holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will not
have any rights to vote separately as a class on any matter coming before the
Andrx Corporation stockholders, except for certain limited class voting rights
provided under Delaware law. In addition to the approval of the holders of a
majority of the voting power of all shares of common stock voting together as a
single class, the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Andrx
common stock or the Cybear tracking stock, voting as a separate class, would be
required under Delaware law to approve any amendment to the certificate of
incorporation that would change the par value of the shares of the class or
alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of such
class so as to affect them adversely. As permitted by Delaware law, the
certificate of incorporation provides that an amendment to the certificate of
incorporation that increases or decreases the number of authorized shares of
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock will only require the approval of
the holders of a majority of the voting power of all shares of common stock,
voting together as a single class, and will not require the approval of the
holders of the class of common stock affected by such amendment, voting as a

         The following illustration demonstrates the calculation of the number
of votes each share of Cybear tracking stock would be entitled on all matters on
which holders of Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock vote as a single

         If the average market value for the 20-trading day valuation period was
$2 for the Cybear tracking stock and $100 for the Andrx common stock, each share
of Andrx common stock would have one vote and each share of Cybear tracking
stock would have 0.15 votes based on the following calculation:

                                        $2    =     0.02 votes
                                        --
                                      $100

         Assuming 60 million shares of Andrx common stock and 30 million shares
of Cybear tracking stock were outstanding, the shares of Andrx common stock
would represent approximately 99% of the total voting power and the shares of
Cybear tracking stock would represent approximately 1% of the total voting

Liquidation

         Currently, in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or termination,
after payment, or provision for payment, of its debts and other liabilities and
the payment of full preferential amounts to which the holders of any preferred
stock are entitled, holders of existing Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking
stock are entitled to share equally in their remaining net assets.

          The certificate of incorporation provides that in the event of a
dissolution, liquidation or winding up, after payment or provision for payment
of the debts and other liabilities and full preferential amounts to which
holders of any preferred stock are entitled, regardless of the group to which
such shares of preferred stock were attributed, the holders of Andrx common
stock and Cybear tracking stock will be entitled to receive the assets remaining
for distribution to holders of common stock on a per share basis in proportion
to the liquidation units per share of such class. Each share of Andrx common
stock has one liquidation unit. Each share of Cybear tracking stock will have a
number of liquidation units equal to the quotient of the average market value of
a share of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading day period ending on the
40th trading day after the effective date of the reorganization, divided by the
average market value of a share of Andrx common stock over the same period.

          After the number of liquidation units to which each share of Cybear
tracking stock is entitled has been calculated in accordance with this formula,
that number will not be changed without the approval of holders of the class of
common stock adversely affected. As a result, after the date of the calculation
of the number of liquidation units to which the Cybear tracking stock is
entitled, the liquidation rights of the holders of the respective classes of
common stock may not bear any relationship to the relative market values or the
relative voting rights of the two classes. Andrx Corporation's financial
advisors believe that, in general, these liquidation provisions are immaterial
to trading in the Andrx common stock and the Cybear tracking stock.

          No holder of Andrx common stock has any special right to receive
specific assets of Andrx and no holder of Cybear tracking stock has any special
right to receive specific assets of Cybear in the case of the dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of Andrx Corporation.

          If Andrx Corporation subdivides or combines the outstanding shares of
either class of common stock or declare a dividend or other distribution of
shares of either class of common stock to holders of such class of common stock,
the number of liquidation units of either class of common stock will be
appropriately adjusted, as determined by the board of directors, to avoid any
dilution in the aggregate, relative liquidation rights of any class of common

         Neither a merger nor consolidation of Andrx Corporation into or with
any other corporation, nor any sale, transfer or lease of all or any part of its
its dissolution for purposes of these liquidation provisions.

 Determinations by the Board of Directors

         Any determinations made in good faith by the Andrx Corporation board of
directors under any provision described under "Description of Andrx common stock
and Cybear tracking stock," and any determinations with respect to any group or
the rights of holders of shares of either class of common stock, will be final
and binding on all of Andrx Corporation's stockholders, subject to the rights of
stockholders under applicable Delaware law and under the federal securities

Preemptive Rights

         Neither the holders of the Andrx common stock nor the holders of the
Cybear tracking stock have any preemptive rights or any rights to convert their
shares into any other securities of Andrx Corporation.

 Cybear Designated Shares

         Andrx, in the future, may hold an equity interest in Cybear in the form
of "Number of Cybear Designated Shares" as a result of future contributions of
cash or property to Cybear described below. The Andrx Corporation board of
directors could create Number of Cybear Designated Shares if it determines that
Andrx should supply that capital.

          Number of Cybear Designated Shares are authorized shares of Cybear
tracking stock that are not issued and outstanding, but which the board of
directors, pursuant to the management and allocation policies, may from time to
time issue without allocating the proceeds or other benefits of such issuance to
Cybear. The Number of Cybear Designated Shares are not eligible to receive
dividends and can not be voted.

          The Number of Cybear Designated Shares will initially be zero but from
time to time will be:

    o    adjusted as appropriate to reflect subdivisions and combinations of the
Cybear tracking stock and dividends or distributions of shares of Cybear
tracking stock to holders of Cybear tracking stock and other reclassifications
of Cybear tracking stock;

    o    increased by a number equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1)
the fair value of all cash or other property attributed to Andrx that is
contributed to Cybear to increase the Number of Cybear Designated Shares by (2)
the average market value of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading day period
immediately prior to the date of transfer;

    o    decreased by a number equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1)
the fair value of all cash or other property attributed to Cybear that is
contributed to Andrx to reduce the Number of Cybear Designated Shares by (2) the
average market value of Cybear tracking stock over the 20-trading day period
immediately prior to the date of contribution; and

    o    decreased by the number of newly issued shares of Cybear tracking
stock, the proceeds of which have been allocated to Andrx, or issued as a
dividend or distribution or by reclassification, exchange or otherwise to
holders of Andrx common stock.

 Preferred Stock

         The Andrx Corporation board of directors is authorized to issue shares
of preferred stock at any time, without stockholder approval. It has the
authority to determine all aspects of those shares, including the following:

    o    the designation and number of shares;

    o    the dividend rate and preferences, if any, which dividends on that
         series of preferred stock will have compared to any other class or
         series of Andrx Corporation capital stock;


    o    the conversion privileges, if any, applicable to that series;

    o    the redemption price or prices and the other terms of redemption, if
         any, applicable to that series;

    o    sinking fund provisions; and

    o    the voluntary and involuntary liquidation preferences.

          Any of these terms could have an adverse effect on the availability of
earnings for distribution to the holders of Cybear tracking stock or for other
corporate purposes. Voting rights of holders of preferred stock could adversely
affect the voting power of stockholders of Cybear tracking stock, Andrx common
stock or both and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or impeding a
change of control of Andrx Corporation. This could protect the continuity of
Andrx Corporation's management and possibly deprive stockholders of an
opportunity to sell their shares at prices higher than the prevailing market

Description of Management and Allocation Policies

         Andrx Corporation's board of directors established policies to address
a number of issues with respect to the financing of Andrx and Cybear,
competition between groups, inter-group business transactions, corporate
opportunities and the allocation of debt, corporate overhead, interest, taxes
and other charges between the two groups. These policies establish charges
between the two groups on an objective basis and, except as described below, to
ensure that transactions between Andrx and Cybear are made on terms that
approximate the terms that could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties. We
have included these policies as Annex D.

         A summary of the management and allocation policies that are currently
in place are set forth below.

 Policies Subject To Change Without Stockholder Approval

         The board of directors may modify, rescind or make exceptions to these
policies, or may adopt additional policies, in its sole discretion without
stockholder approval. However, the board of directors has no present plans to do
so. A board of directors' decision to modify or rescind such policies, or adopt
additional policies could have different effects upon holders of Andrx common
stock and holders of Cybear tracking stock or could result in a benefit or
detriment to one class of stockholders compared to the other class. The board of
directors would make any such decision in accordance with its good faith
business judgment that such decision is in the best interests of Andrx and all
of its stockholders as a whole.

 Interests To Be Attributed To The Groups

         It is Andrx Corporation's intent to attribute to Cybear all of its
interests worldwide in Internet business related to the healthcare industry
other than any Internet business related to the marketing, manufacture,
Accordingly, upon completion of the merger, Mediconsult will become part of
Cybear. All other of Andrx Corporation's interests not allocated to Cybear are

Fiduciary and Management Responsibilities

         Under Delaware law, absent an abuse of discretion, a director or
officer will be deemed to have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to Andrx
Corporation and its stockholders if that person is disinterested and acts in
accordance with his or her good faith business judgment in the interests of
Andrx Corporation and all of the stockholders as a whole. The board of directors
in establishing policies with regard to intracompany matters such as business
transactions between groups and allocations of assets, liabilities, debt,
will consider various factors and information which could benefit or cause
detriment to the stockholders of the respective groups and will make
determinations in the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of the
stockholders as a whole.

 Common Stock Ownership Of Directors And Senior Officers

         As a policy, the Andrx Corporation board of directors will periodically
monitor the ownership of shares of Andrx common stock and shares of Cybear
tracking stock by its directors and senior officers and the options granted to
them so that their interests are generally aligned with the two classes of
common stock and with their duty to act in the best interests of Andrx
Corporation and the stockholders as a whole. However, because of the anticipated
differences in trading values between Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking
stock, the actual value of their interests in Andrx common stock and Cybear
tracking stock will vary significantly. Accordingly, it is possible that
directors or senior officers could favor one group over the other due to their
stock and option holdings.

 Financing Activities

         Most financial and treasury activities are managed on a centralized
basis. These activities include but are not limited to the issuance and
repayment of short-term and long-term debt and the issuance and repurchase of
any preferred stock. If a transfer of cash or other property allocated to one
group to the other group occurs, Andrx Corporation will account for such
transfer in one of the following ways, as determined by its board of directors
except as set forth in a tax sharing agreement entered into by Andrx and Cybear:

         o As a short-term or long-term loan from one group to the other, or as

         o As an increase or decrease in the Number of Cybear Designated Shares,
as described under "Future Equity Contributions to be Reflected as Cybear
Tracking Stock Designated Shares" below; or

         o As a sale of assets between the two groups.

          The board of directors has not adopted specific criteria to determine
which of the foregoing will be applied to a particular transfer of cash or
property from one group to the other. The board of directors will make these
determinations, either in specific instances or by setting applicable policies
generally, in the exercise of its business judgment based on all relevant
circumstances. All transfers of material assets from one group to the other will
be made on a fair value basis for the foregoing purposes, as determined by the

         Although debt and preferred stock may be allocated between groups, the
debt and preferred stock will remain obligations of Andrx Corporation and all of
its stockholders will be subject to the risks associated with those obligations.

          Debt. Debt will be allocated between the groups or, in its entirety to
a particular group. If debt for a particular financing is allocated in its
entirety to one group, the interest rate, amortization, maturity, redemption and
other terms shall be on then prevailing terms on which Andrx Corporation could
borrow

such funds. Any expense related to debt that is allocated in its entirety to
a group will be allocated in whole to that group.

          Preferred Stock. Preferred stock, if issued, will be allocated between
the groups or, if the board of directors so determines, in its entirety to a
particular group. If Andrx Corporation allocates preferred stock for a
particular financing in its entirety to one group, that group will be charged
the dividend cost. If the dividend cost is higher than Andrx Corporation's
actual cost, the other group will receive a credit for an amount equal to the
difference as compensation for the use of its credit capacity. Any expense
related to preferred stock that is allocated in its entirety to a group will be
allocated in whole to that group.

          Inter-Group Loans. Cash or other property that is allocated to one
group that is transferred to the other group, could, if so determined by the
board of directors, be accounted for either as a short-term loan or as a
long-term loan. The board of directors will establish the terms on which
short-term and long-term loans between the groups will be made, including
however, shall reflect the then prevailing terms on which Andrx Corporation
could borrow the funds.

          Future Equity Contributions to be Reflected as Cybear Tracking Stock
Designated Shares. Cash or other property allocated to Andrx that is contributed
as additional equity to Cybear will increase the Number of Cybear Designated
Shares. Cash or other property allocated to Cybear that is transferred to Andrx
will, if so determined by the Andrx Corporation board of directors, decrease the
Number of Cybear Designated Shares.

          Equity Issuances and Repurchases and Dividends. All financial effects
of issuances and repurchases of shares of Andrx common stock or shares of Cybear
tracking stock will be reflected entirely in the financial statements of that
group except as described in the next sentence. All financial effects of
issuances of additional shares of Cybear tracking stock, which have been
reflected as a reduction in the Number of Cybear Designated Shares, will be
reflected entirely in the financial statements of Andrx. Corporation Financial
effects of dividends or other distributions on, and purchases of, shares of
Andrx common stock or Cybear tracking stock will be reflected entirely in the
respective financial statements of Andrx and Cybear.

 Competition Between Groups

         Neither Andrx nor Cybear will engage in each other's principal
businesses, except for joint transactions with each other. Joint transactions
may include joint ventures or other collaborative arrangements to develop,
market, sell and support new products and services. Third parties may also
participate in such joint transactions. See "Transfers of Assets Between Groups
- - Joint Transactions." The terms of any joint transactions will be determined by
the Andrx Corporation board of directors.

          The Andrx Corporation board of directors will make decisions whether to
permit indirect competition between the groups. Indirect competition could occur

         o one group uses products of third parties in that group's products
rather than using the other group's products;

         o a third party uses a product of one group in the third party's
products which compete with the other group's products; or

         o a group licenses technology allocated to that group to a third party
that is a competitor of the other group.

          The groups may compete in a business which is not a principal business

Transfers of Assets Between Groups

         The certificate of incorporation permits the transfer of assets between
groups without stockholder approval. The board of directors determined that all
such transfers will be made at fair value, as determined by Andrx Corporation's
board of directors, except as described below. The consideration for such
transfers may be paid by one group to the other in cash or other consideration,
as determined by the board of directors.

          The board of directors has adopted specific policies for the sale of
products and services between groups and joint transactions with each other and
third parties as set forth below.

          Sales of Products and Services Between Groups. A group will sell
products or services to the other group on terms that would be available from
third parties in commercial transactions. If terms for such transactions are not
available from a third party, the purchasing group will (1) pay for such
products at fair value as determined by the board of directors and (2) pay for
such services at fair value, as determined by Andrx Corporation's board of

         Joint Transactions. The groups may from time to time engage in
transactions jointly, including with third parties, as described under
"Competition Between Groups." Research and development and other services
performed by one group for a joint venture or other collaborative arrangement
will be charged at fair value, as determined by the board of directors.

 Review of Corporate Opportunities

         The board of directors reviews any matter which involves the allocation
of a corporate opportunity to either the Andrx common stock or the Cybear
tracking stock or in part to the Andrx common stock and in part to the Cybear
tracking stock. In accordance with Delaware law, the board of directors will
make its determination with regard to the allocation of any such opportunity and
the benefit of such opportunity in accordance with its good faith business
judgment of the best interests of Andrx Corporation and all of its stockholders
as a whole. Among the factors that the board of directors may consider in making
this allocation is whether a particular corporate opportunity is principally
related to the business of Andrx or Cybear; whether one group, because of its
managerial or operational expertise, will be better positioned to undertake the
corporate opportunity; and existing contractual agreements and restrictions.

 Financial Statements

         Andrx Corporation prepares financial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, consistently
comprise all of the accounts included in our corresponding consolidated
financial statements. The financial statements of each of Andrx and Cybear
reflect the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
businesses included therein.

 Allocation Matters

         Group financial statements also include allocated portions of Andrx
Corporation's debt, interest corporate overhead and costs of administrative
shared services and taxes. Andrx Corporation makes these allocations for the
purpose of preparing each group's financial statements; however, holders of
Andrx common stock and Cybear tracking stock will continue to be subject to all
of the risks associated with an investment in Andrx Corporation and all of its

         In addition to allocating debt and interest as described above under
"Financing Activities" and assets as described above under "Transfers of Assets
Between Groups," Andrx Corporation's board of directors has adopted the
following allocation policies:

         o Direct Charges. Andrx Corporation allocates direct expenses incurred
on behalf of a group to that group.

          o Corporate Overhead and Administrative Shared Services. Andrx
Corporation allocates a portion of the corporate overhead to Andrx and Cybear
based upon the use of services by that group. Corporate overhead includes costs
mergers and acquisitions, treasury, and strategic planning functions. Andrx
Corporation allocates in a similar manner a portion of the costs of
administrative shared services, such as information technology services. Where
determinations based on use alone are not practical, Andrx Corporation uses
other methods and criteria that it believes is equitable and provides a
reasonable estimate of the cost attributable to the groups.

          o Taxes. Andrx Corporation allocates the federal income tax provisions
and related tax payments and refunds between the groups based on a tax sharing

Capital Stock Committee

         Andrx Corporation established a capital stock committee of the board of
directors as part of the September 2000 reorganization. Timothy Nolan was also
appointed as Cybear's designee on Andrx Corporation's board of directors.
 Provided Mr. Nolan is a member of the board of directors, he will be a member of
the capital stock committee, however, in the event that he is a member of the
capital stock committee, the capital stock committee will have at least one
other member. The capital stock committee will have authority to:

         o Interpret, make determinations under, and oversee the implementation
of these policies in order to resolve potential and actual conflicts between the

         o Adopt additional general policies governing the relationship between
Andrx and Cybear with respect to these policies; and

         o Engage the services of accountants, investment bankers, appraisers,
attorneys and other service providers to assist in discharging its duties.

          The decisions of the capital stock committee will be subject to
ultimate approval of the board of directors.

 Comparison of Stockholder Rights

         Following the merger, the rights of the Mediconsult stockholders will
cease to be governed by the existing certificate of incorporation and existing
bylaws of Mediconsult but will continue to be governed by Delaware law. Instead,
the rights of the Mediconsult stockholders will be governed by Andrx
Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

          The following is a brief summary of the material ways in which the
rights of Mediconsult stockholders will change because of the merger.

 Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation.

          Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation requires an
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of all outstanding shares
entitled to vote at a meeting to amend its certificate of incorporation, except
to amend the provisions relating to directors, special meetings of stockholders,
stockholder action and bylaws which require a vote of at least two-thirds of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote without a meeting. Mediconsult's existing
certificate of incorporation requires an affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of all outstanding shares entitled to vote at a meeting to
amend its certificate of incorporation, except any amendment pertaining to the
indemnification of officers and

directors of Mediconsult, which requires a vote of at least two-thirds of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote.

Amendments to Bylaws.

          Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws both
require an affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote at a meeting to amend its bylaws, except the
provisions relating to directors, special meetings of stockholders, notice of
stockholder proposals and stockholder action without a meeting, which require a
vote of at least two-thirds of all outstanding share entitled to vote.
 Mediconsult's existing certificate of incorporation requires a two-thirds vote
of all outstanding shares entitled to vote to amend the bylaws. Mediconsult's
existing bylaws require the affirmative vote of the majority of directors
present at a meeting of the board of directors at which a quorum is present to

Number of Directors.

          Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide
that the number of directors will not be less than three and not more than 12.
 The certificate of incorporation also provides that the number of directors will
be fixed by resolution of the board of directors. Under Mediconsult's existing
bylaws, the number of directors will not be less than one and not more than 10
and provides that the number of directors will be fixed by resolution of the

Classified Board of Directors.

          Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for
the board of directors to be divided into three classes of directors serving
staggered terms. This results in approximately one-third of the directors being
elected each year. Mediconsult does not have a classified board of directors.

 Removal of Directors.

          Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide
that a director may only be removed for cause and by a two-thirds vote of all
outstanding shares entitled to vote. Mediconsult's existing bylaws provide that
a director may be removed with or without cause in a manner consistent with
Delaware corporation law.

 Filing Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies.

          Under Delaware law, Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's
bylaws, whenever a vacancy occurs on the board of directors, including a vacancy
resulting from an increase in the number of directors, it may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a
quorum of directors, or by the stockholders, unless the certificate of
incorporation provide otherwise.

 Business combinations with substantial stockholders.

          Delaware law contains a statutory provision which is intended to curb
abusive takeovers of Delaware corporations. Section 203 of the Delaware
Corporation Law addresses the problem by preventing certain business
combinations of the corporation with interested stockholders within three years
after such stockholders become interested. Section 203 provides, with certain
exceptions, that a Delaware corporation may not engage in any of a broad range
of business combinations with a person or an affiliate, or associate of such
person, who is an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years from the
date that such person became an interested stockholder unless:

         o the transaction resulting in a person becoming an interested
stockholder, or the business combination, is approved by the board of directors
of the corporation before the person becomes an interested stockholder;

         o the interested stockholder acquired 85% or more of the outstanding
voting stock of the corporation in the same transaction that makes such person
an interested stockholder (excluding shares owned by persons who are both
officers and directors of the corporation, and shares held by certain employee

         o on or after the date the person becomes an interested stockholder,
the business combination is approved by the corporation's board of directors and
by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the corporation's outstanding voting stock
at an annual or special meeting, excluding shares owned by the interested

         Under Section 203, an "interested stockholder" is defined as any person

         o the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the

         o an affiliate or associate of the corporation and who was the owner of
15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time
within the three year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought
to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder.

 Indemnification of directors and officers.

          Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's existing certificate of
incorporation provide that directors or officers be indemnified against any
connection with any legal proceeding provided the director, officer or employee
acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of Andrx Corporation or Mediconsult, respectively.

          Andrx Corporation's bylaws and Mediconsult's existing certificate of
incorporation generally provide that all reasonable expenses of the indemnified
director or officer be paid in advance of the final proceeding to the fullest
extent permitted by law.

 Special Meetings of Stockholders.

          Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by
the corporation's board of directors or by such persons as may be authorized by
the corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

          Andrx Corporation's bylaws provide that a special meeting may be called
by the chief executive officer, a majority of the board of directors or 33.3% of
the stockholders entitled to vote. Mediconsult's existing bylaws provide that a
special meeting may be called by its president, board of directors, the holders
of not less than one-tenth of all shares entitled to vote at the meeting, or


         Delaware law provides that dissenting stockholders who follow
prescribed statutory procedures are entitled to appraisal rights in the case of
a merger of a corporation, except that such rights are not provided when:

         o no vote of the stockholders is required for the merger; or

         o shares of the corporation are listed on a national securities
exchange on the record date or held by more than 2,000 stockholders and are to
be exchanged solely for shares of stock of another corporation which are listed
on a national securities exchange or held by more than 2,000 stockholders.

 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions

         Andrx Corporation's certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain
certain anti-takeover measures which are intended to protect the stockholders by
rendering it more difficult for a person or persons to obtain control of Andrx
Corporation without the cooperation of its management. The anti-takeover
provisions include an advance notice requirement for any stockholder proposals
or nominations for the election of a director and a provision for a staggered

         Andrx Corporation's bylaws provide that any stockholder proposals and
nominations for the election of directors be delivered to Andrx Corporation no
less than 60 days nor more than 90 days in advance of a meeting. However, in the
event that less than 70 days notice of the meeting is provided to the
stockholders, the stockholders must provide Andrx Corporation with its notice no
later than 10 days following the date Andrx Corporation's notice was made. Such
stockholder notice must contain (1) a brief description of the business desired
to be brought before the meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at
class and number of shares of capital stock which are beneficially owned by the
stockholder and (4) any material interest of the stockholder in such business.
 Mediconsult's bylaws do not contain such a provision.

          The inclusion of such "anti-takeover" provisions in the Andrx
Corporation certificate of incorporation may delay, deter or prevent a takeover
which the stockholders may consider to be in their best interests, thereby
possibly depriving holders of Andrx's securities of certain opportunities to
sell or otherwise dispose of their securities at above-market prices, or limit
the ability of stockholders to remove incumbent directors as readily as the
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests.

 United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

         The following discussion is a summary of the material U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the merger and reflects the opinion of Broad and
Cassel. The discussion is based on the Code, the Treasury Department regulations
promulgated under the Code, published positions of the IRS, and court decisions
now in effect, all of which are subject to change, potentially with retroactive
effect. In particular, Congress could enact legislation or the Treasury
Department could issue regulations affecting the treatment of stock with
characteristics similar to the Cybear tracking stock.

          This discussion addresses only those stockholders who hold Mediconsult
common stock as a capital asset and will, after the merger, hold Cybear tracking
stock as a capital asset. However, this discussion does not address the
Mediconsult stockholders who were creditors of Mediconsult and have exchanged
their claims against Mediconsult for Mediconsult common stock in anticipation of
exchanging the Mediconsult common stock for Cybear tracking stock. This
discussion does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may
be relevant to stockholders in light of their particular tax circumstances. In
particular, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income taxation of
stockholders subject to special treatment under the Code, such as the following:



         o Mutual funds and regulated investment companies;

         o Small business investment companies;

         o Insurance companies and other financial institutions;

         o Broker-dealers and dealers in securities;

         o Traders that mark their positions to market;

         o Stockholders who hold their shares as part of a hedge, appreciated

         o Stockholders who acquired their shares through the exercise of
options or otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan;

         o Individuals who are not citizens or residents of the U.S.;

         o Estates and trusts not subject to U.S. federal income tax; and

         o Foreign corporations and other foreign entities.

          Finally, this discussion does not address any consequences under state,
local or foreign tax laws.

          Mediconsult stockholders should consult with their own tax advisors
with regard to the application of the federal income tax laws, as well as to the
applicability and effect of any state, local or foreign tax laws to which you

         Andrx Corporation has obtained an opinion from Broad and Cassel
regarding the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, which
is based on the law in effect on the date this registration statement is filed
with the SEC. The opinion from Broad and Cassel is being filed with the SEC as
an exhibit to this proxy statement/prospectus. The opinion relies on factual
assumptions, including an assumption that there have been no changes in existing
facts, that the Cybear tracking stock will be issued in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation, that cash paid for fractional shares and to pay
dissenting stockholders does not exceed 20% of the total merger consideration,
and that the merger will be completed in accordance with the merger agreement.
 The opinion also relies on representations contained in certificates furnished
to Broad and Cassel by officers of Andrx Corporation in connection with Broad
and Cassel rendering its opinion. If any of these assumptions or representations
are inaccurate, the conclusions contained in the opinion could be affected.
 Moreover, the opinion of Broad and Cassel is not binding on the IRS, and there
can be no assurance that views expressed in the opinion, if challenged, would be

         Broad and Cassel is of the opinion that the Cybear tracking stock
should be treated as voting common stock of Andrx Corporation for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.

          No advance ruling has been sought from the IRS on the U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the merger, including the classification of the
Cybear tracking stock. The IRS has announced that it will not issue any advance
rulings on the classification of an instrument that has certain voting and
liquidation rights in an issuing corporation but whose dividend rights are
determined by reference to the earnings of a segregated portion of the issuing
opinion is not binding on the IRS. In addition, there are no court decisions or
other authorities that bear directly on the treatment of stock with
characteristics similar to the Cybear tracking stock. It is possible, therefore
that the IRS could successfully take the position that:

         o The Cybear tracking stock is stock of a separate corporation and not
capital stock of Andrx Corporation.