URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1100389/000101287001501828/0001012870-01-501828.txt

SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4083269000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5470 GREAT AMERICA PARKWAY
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052-8145

S-4

ds4.txt

FORM S-4

  As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 10, 2001
                                                           Registration No. 333-

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C. 20549

                               -----------------
                                   FORM S-4
                            REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     Under
                          The Securities Act of 1933

                               -----------------
                                  PALM, INC.
            (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                               -----------------

           Delaware                         3571                   94-3150688
(State or other jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial    (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)  Classification Code Number)  Identification Number)

                                  PALM, INC.
                          5470 Great America Parkway
                             Santa Clara, CA 95052
                                (408) 878-9000
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                   Registrant's principal executive offices)
                               -----------------
                               CARL J. YANKOWSKI
                            CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                  PALM, INC.
                          5470 Great America Parkway
                             Santa Clara, CA 95052
                                (408) 878-9000
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)
                               -----------------
                                  Copies to:

     Larry W. Sonsini, Esq.              Jean-Louis F. Gassee
   Katharine A. Martin, Esq.     President and Chief Executive Officer
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati            Be Incorporated
    Professional Corporation         800 El Camino Real, Suite 400
       650 Page Mill Road                Menlo Park, CA 94025
      Palo Alto, CA 94304                   (650) 462-4100
         (650) 493-9300

      Robert Sanchez, Esq.               David A. Lipkin, Esq.
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati          Cooley Godward LLP
    Professional Corporation             Five Palo Alto Square
    7927 Jones Branch Drive               3000 El Camino Real
  Lancaster Building Westpark             Palo Alto, CA 94306
           Suite 400                        (650) 843-5000
     McLean, VA 22102-3322
         (703) 734-3100

                               -----------------
   Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: Upon
consummation of the asset sale described herein.

   If the securities being registered on this Form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]

   If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement number for the same offering. [_]

   If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]

                               -----------------

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                  Proposed
     Title of Each Class           Maximum       Amount of
      of Securities to            Aggregate     Registration
        be Registered         Offering Price(1)    Fee(2)
- -------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock $0.001 par value    $11,000,000       $2,750

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1)Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee required
   by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") and
   computed pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act.
(2)Computed in accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act to be
   $2,750, which is equal to .00025 multiplied by the proposed maximum
   aggregate offering price of $11,000,000.

                               -----------------
   The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission acting pursuant to said Section 8(a)
may determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE
CHANGED. PALM, INC. MAY NOT DISTRIBUTE PALM COMMON STOCK TO BE INCORPORATED
PURSUANT TO THE ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON
FORM S-4 FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION CONTAINING THIS
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS EFFECTIVE AND CERTAIN OTHER CONDITIONS ARE
SATISFIED. THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL PALM'S
COMMON STOCK AND IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY PALM'S COMMON STOCK TO ANY
INDIVIDUAL STOCKHOLDER OF BE INCORPORATED, OR IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR
SALE IS NOT PERMITTED.

                SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED SEPTEMBER  , 2001

                                BE INCORPORATED
                              800 El Camino Real
                                   Suite 400
                             Menlo Park, CA 94025

Dear Be Stockholder:

   You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders of Be
Incorporated to be held , 2001 at      a.m. local time at Holbrook Palmer Park
- -- The Pavilion, 150 Watkins Avenue, Atherton, CA 94027. At the special
meeting, Be is seeking your approval of the sale of substantially all of its
intellectual property and other technology assets, including those related to
the BeOS and BeIA operating systems, to ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation,
an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, Inc., as described in the Asset
Purchase Agreement dated as of August 16, 2001, as amended and restated as of
September 10, 2001, in the form attached as Annex A to the proxy
statement/prospectus. Be is also seeking, at the special meeting, your approval
of the dissolution of Be and adoption of the plan of dissolution in the form
attached to the proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B. Under the asset purchase
agreement, Be will receive, in consideration of the assets being sold to ECA
Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation, that number of shares of Palm common stock
equal to the quotient determined by dividing $11,000,000 (subject to adjustment
under certain circumstances) by the opening price of Palm common stock as
quoted on the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the transaction,
currently expected to take place in the fourth calendar quarter of 2001. Be
intends to sell for cash the Palm shares received in the transaction
immediately following the closing, and accordingly, the shares will not be
distributed to the stockholders of Be. Following the sale of the shares, Be
intends to pay, or provide for the payment of, all of its outstanding
liabilities and obligations in accordance with applicable law and the plan of
dissolution. Any remaining cash proceeds would be available for distribution to
Be stockholders.

   Pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement, we will be retaining
certain rights, assets and liabilities in connection with the transaction,
including cash and cash equivalents, receivables, certain contractual rights
and rights to assert and bring certain claims and causes of action, including
under antitrust laws. If, notwithstanding the approval of the plan of
dissolution by the stockholders, our board of directors determines that it
would be in the best interests of our stockholders or creditors that we not
dissolve, in order to permit us to pursue (or more easily pursue) any retained
claims or causes of action, our dissolution may be abandoned or delayed until a
future date to be determined by our board of directors.

   In January 2000, we announced our intention to shift our primary focus from
the marketing and distribution of BeOS, our desktop operating system, to the
development, marketing and deployment of BeIA, our software solution intended
for Internet appliances. Having experienced losses and negative cash flow from
operations since inception, in the latter half of 1999 we began a review of our
BeOS desktop operating system business model and its potential to create
stockholder value. The impetus for the review was market information obtained
from institutional investors and market analysts, and the realization that our
desktop product could only succeed by competing effectively against a single,
very large, established and entrenched competitor in a rapidly maturing

market. During this same period, many potential large customers and industry
analysts were expressing significant interest in the Internet appliance version
of our operating system. At the time, most market analysts were predicting
rapid growth in the nascent Internet appliance market and indicating it would
ultimately have significant upside potential. The strengths of our technology
appeared transferable to the needs of this market, and the market was not yet
dominated by any one player.

   At the same time we shifted our resource focus, we attempted to provide BeOS
with a final opportunity for success in the desktop market. First, we made a
fully functioning Personal Edition of BeOS available on the Internet for free
download. The intent of the Personal Edition of BeOS was to seed the market and
to create interest in and exposure to our technology. Second, we entered into
publishing relationships with several well- established software publishers to
distribute a royalty-bearing Professional Edition of BeOS. Ultimately, we did
not have the resources, nor could we reasonably obtain the resources to
adequately pursue both the desktop and Internet appliance markets
simultaneously. Thus, we decided to allow companies in the business of
publishing and distributing software to market the Professional Edition of
BeOS. We reasoned that if the publishers were able to generate enough interest
and revenue with the Professional Edition of BeOS, the royalty revenues could
be used to fund further development of our desktop product. However, the
publishers were never able to generate any material revenues from the sale of
the Professional Edition of BeOS.

   In contrast, we were successful in 2000 in rapidly entering the developing
Internet appliance market. Our efforts culminated in the execution of a
contract for an Internet appliance with Sony in early 2001. Unfortunately, the
Internet appliance market as a whole has failed to materialize as anticipated.
Consumer response to early Internet appliances has been unenthusiastic, major
manufacturers have not undertaken significant development efforts, and the
economic realities of the last four quarters have made success even more
difficult. Despite our efforts in the Internet appliance market, Be's financial
difficulties have continued and we have been unable to generate revenues
sufficient to meet operating expenses. At the beginning of the second and third
quarters of 2001, Be reduced its workforce and announced the elimination of its
sales and marketing departments in order to conserve resources.

   From a financial point of view, the board of directors of Be has undertaken
extensive activities since early 2000 to evaluate and to pursue financing
alternatives for the company to allow for its continuation and the creation of
value for our stockholders. Equity capital for the company has been sought from
numerous sources. Private placements with institutions, funds and private
investors, equity lines of credit and private placements with strategic
investors have all been thoroughly investigated. By the end of March 2001, it
was clear no adequate source of capital was available on terms beneficial to Be
stockholders. Faced with this reality, the board approved the exploration of
strategic and financial alternatives for maximizing stockholder value.
Alternatives considered included, but were not limited to, a merger or similar
business combination, an equity investment by a strategic investor, or the sale
of all or substantially all of the business or assets for stock or cash in a
transaction of the type ultimately entered into with Palm.

   Since April 2001, our management team and financial advisors have worked
together with the intent of maximizing the return of value to stockholders
under the circumstances. We conducted an extensive search for potential
interested parties, we directly contacted a number of these parties and we
discussed with them a variety of possible transactions. As part of this effort,
we held numerous discussions and negotiations with third parties, including
Palm, in an effort to obtain financing necessary to the continuation or the
potential sale of our business.

   Except for the asset purchase agreement that has been entered into with
Palm, none of the discussions resulted in any acceptable offers or the
execution of any definitive agreements. As each successive quarter concluded,
our financial resources continued to deteriorate. The Be board of directors has
considered a wide range of alternatives to address the challenges we faced,
including the cessation of our business operations that would most likely have
resulted in our seeking bankruptcy protection. Ultimately, they determined that
all of the alternatives were inferior to the proposed Palm transaction.

   Your board of directors has also considered our anticipated prospects
assuming completion of the asset sale. Following the asset sale, our remaining
assets would primarily consist of proceeds from the sale of the Palm shares
received in the asset sale, together with the retained rights and assets
described above. After due consideration of all other alternatives available to
Be, the board of directors concluded the completion of the asset sale and the
subsequent dissolution of Be was the alternative most reasonably likely to
enable us to satisfy our outstanding obligations and to maximize the return of
value to our stockholders.

   Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please take the time
to vote by completing the enclosed proxy card and returning it in the
accompanying postage-paid envelope or by voting by phone or over the Internet
as described in the instructions accompanying the enclosed proxy card. Both the
asset sale and the dissolution of Be require the approval of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding common stock of Be. Please note that your failure
to vote on these matters will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST approval
of the asset sale and the dissolution. The other directors and I urge you to
vote FOR each of the proposals, which we have approved after careful
consideration. Your vote is extremely important, and your early response will
be greatly appreciated.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          Jean-Louis Gassee
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

Menlo Park, California
, 2001

 For a discussion of significant matters that should be considered before
 voting at the special meeting of Be stockholders, see "RISK FACTORS" beginning
 on page  .

 Be's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
 "BEOS." Palm's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the
 symbol "PALM."

 Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
 commission has approved or disapproved of the Palm common stock issuable to Be
 as part of the asset sale or determined whether the proxy statement/prospectus
 is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
 offense.

 The proxy statement/prospectus is dated     , 2001 and is first being mailed
 to stockholders of Be on or about     , 2001.

                            ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

     The proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and
  financial information about Be and Palm that is not included in or delivered
  with the proxy statement/prospectus. This information is available without
  charge to Be stockholders upon written or oral request. Be stockholders
  should make such requests to:

               Be Incorporated         or           Palm, Inc.
              800 El Camino Real            5470 Great America Parkway
                  Suite 400                Santa Clara, California 95052
             Menlo Park, CA 94025          Attention: Investor Relations
        Attention: Corporate Secretary            (408) 878-9000
                (650) 462-4100

     To obtain timely delivery of requested documents before the special
  meeting, you must request them no later than     , 2001, which is five
  business days before the date of the special meeting. Please also see "Where
  You Can Find More Information" in the proxy statement/prospectus to obtain
  further information and learn about other ways that you can get this
  information.

                                BE INCORPORATED
                              800 El Camino Real
                                   Suite 400
                             Menlo Park, CA 94025

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                            To Be Held On    , 2001

TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF BE INCORPORATED:

   NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of the stockholders of Be
Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, will be held on      , 2001 at  a.m.
local time at Holbrook Palmer Park--The Pavilion, 150 Watkins Avenue, Atherton,
CA 94027 for the following purposes:

1. To consider and vote upon the sale of substantially all of Be's intellectual
   property and other technology assets, including those related to the BeOS
   and BeIA operating systems, to ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation, a
   Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Palm, Inc.,
   a Delaware corporation, pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as
   of August 16, 2001, as amended and restated as of September 10, 2001, by and
   among Be, ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation and Palm, in the form of
   Annex A attached to the proxy statement/prospectus.

2. To consider and vote upon the dissolution of Be and adoption of the plan of
   dissolution of Be, in the form of Annex B attached to the proxy
   statement/prospectus.

3. To transact such other business as may properly come before the special
   meeting or any adjournment thereof, including any motion to adjourn to a
   later time to permit further solicitation of proxies if necessary to
   establish a quorum or to obtain additional votes in favor of the foregoing
   items, or before any postponements or adjournments thereof.

   The foregoing items of business are more completely described in the proxy
statement/prospectus accompanying this Notice. The board of directors of Be
recommends that you vote in favor of each of Proposals 1 and 2 above. Under the
terms of the asset purchase agreement, Be, ECA Subsidiary Acquisition
Corporation and Palm are obligated to complete the transactions contemplated by
the asset purchase agreement only if the stockholders of Be, by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock as of the record
date, approve each of Proposals 1 and 2 above. In addition, the plan of
dissolution will only be implemented if the asset purchase agreement is
approved by the stockholders of Be. Accordingly, failure to approve the
dissolution of Be in accordance with the plan of dissolution may have the
effect of preventing the completion of the asset sale, and failure to approve
the asset sale will have the effect of preventing the completion of the
dissolution of Be pursuant to the dissolution. If either the asset sale or the
dissolution is not approved, it is likely that Be will file for, or will be
forced to resort to, bankruptcy protection.

   The board of directors of Be has fixed the close of business on September
12, 2001 as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
notice of and to vote at the special meeting and at any adjournment or
postponement thereof.

                                          By Order of the Be Board of Directors

                                          Daniel S. Johnston
                                          Secretary

Menlo Park, California
, 2001

ALL STOCKHOLDERS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON.
WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE,
SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN ORDER TO ENSURE
YOUR REPRESENTATION AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. A RETURN ENVELOPE (WHICH IS POSTAGE
PREPAID IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES) IS ENCLOSED FOR THAT PURPOSE. EVEN IF
YOU HAVE GIVEN YOUR PROXY, YOU MAY STILL VOTE IN PERSON IF YOU ATTEND THE
SPECIAL MEETING. PLEASE NOTE, HOWEVER, THAT ATTENDANCE AT THE SPECIAL MEETING
WILL NOT BY ITSELF REVOKE A PROXY. FURTHERMORE, IF YOUR SHARES ARE HELD OF
RECORD BY A BROKER, BANK OR OTHER NOMINEE AND YOU WISH TO VOTE AT THE SPECIAL
MEETING, YOU MUST OBTAIN FROM THE RECORD HOLDER A PROXY ISSUED IN YOUR NAME.

                               

                                                                        Page
                                                                        ----

   QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ASSET SALE AND DISSOLUTION OF BE....   1

   FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION.........................................   6

   SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS...........................   7

   PALM SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA................  14

   BE SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA..................  15

   COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA.................  17

   COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA.............................  18

   RISK FACTORS........................................................  20

   ADDITIONAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS........................................  40

   THE SPECIAL MEETING OF BE STOCKHOLDERS..............................  41

   THE ASSET SALE......................................................  44

   MATERIAL TERMS OF THE ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT......................  49

   BE'S USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF PALM COMMON STOCK.............  59

   RELATED AGREEMENTS..................................................  60

   THE DISSOLUTION OF BE...............................................  62

   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF BE  73

   BE INCORPORATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION.....................  74

   COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF BE COMMON STOCK AND PALM COMMON
     STOCK.............................................................  77

   LEGAL OPINION.......................................................  85

   EXPERTS.............................................................  85

   WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.................................  86

   Annexes:
      Annex A--Asset Purchase Agreement
      Annex B--Plan of Dissolution
      Annex C--Funding Agreement
      Annex D--Form of Stockholder Support Agreement
      Annex E--Form of Non-Competition Agreement

       QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE ASSET SALE AND DISSOLUTION OF BE

Q: WHAT WILL BE VOTED ON AT THE SPECIAL MEETING? (SEE PAGE  )

A: You are being asked to approve the sale of substantially all of Be's
   intellectual property rights and other technology assets to a subsidiary of
   Palm as described in the Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of August 16,
   2001, as amended and restated as of September 10, 2001, among Be, Palm and
   the Palm subsidiary, in the form attached as Annex A. You are also being
   asked to approve the dissolution of Be and adopt the plan of dissolution, in
   the form attached as Annex B.

Q: WHY IS BE PROPOSING TO ENTER INTO THE ASSET SALE? (SEE PAGE  )

A: After due consideration of all other alternatives reasonably available to
   Be, the Be board of directors concluded that the completion of the asset
   sale and the subsequent dissolution of Be was the alternative most
   reasonably likely to enable Be to satisfy Be's outstanding obligations and
   to maximize any distributions to its stockholders.

Q: WHAT WILL BE RECEIVE FOR THE ASSETS BEING SOLD TO PALM'S SUBSIDIARY? (SEE
   PAGES   AND  )

A: Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, a subsidiary of Palm will purchase
   specified assets of Be, including substantially all of Be's intellectual
   property and other technology assets, including those related to the BeOS
   and BeIA operating systems. In return for these assets, Be will receive that
   number of shares of Palm common stock equal to the quotient determined by
   dividing $11,000,000 (subject to adjustment under certain circumstances) by
   the opening price of Palm common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq National
   Market on the closing date of the transaction.

Q: WILL I RECEIVE ANY SHARES OF PALM STOCK? (SEE PAGE  )

A: No. If the asset sale and the dissolution are approved, and the transactions
   contemplated by the asset purchase agreement are completed, Be intends to
   sell the Palm shares received in the transaction for cash immediately
   following the closing, and accordingly, the shares will not be distributed
   to the stockholders of Be. Following the sale of the shares, Be intends to
   pay, or provide for the payment of, all of its outstanding liabilities and
   obligations in accordance with applicable law and the plan of dissolution.
   Any remaining cash proceeds would be available for distribution to Be
   stockholders.

Q: WHAT HAPPENS IF THE ASSET SALE IS NOT COMPLETED? (SEE PAGE  )

A: If the asset sale is not completed, it is likely that Be will file for or be
   forced to resort to bankruptcy protection. In this event, it is extremely
   unlikely that Be will be able to satisfy all of its liabilities and
   obligations, and there would therefore be no assets available for
   distribution to Be's stockholders.

Q: WHEN WILL THE ASSET SALE BE COMPLETED? (SEE PAGE  )

A: The parties hope to complete the asset sale promptly after the special
   meeting of Be stockholders. The parties are working toward completing the
   transaction as quickly as possible. In addition to approval of the asset
   sale and the dissolution by Be's stockholders, the Palm common stock
   issuable to Be in connection with the closing of the transaction must be
   registered, and each of Palm and Be must satisfy or waive, to the extent
   possible, all of the closing conditions contained in the asset purchase
   agreement.

Q: WHAT DOES THE PLAN OF DISSOLUTION ENTAIL? (SEE PAGE  )

A: The plan of dissolution provides for the orderly liquidation of Be's
   remaining assets following the closing of the asset sale, the winding-up of
   Be's business and operations and the dissolution of Be. In connection with

   the foregoing, Be will pay, or provide for the payment of, all of its
   liabilities and obligations. If there are any remaining assets after the
   payment, or the provision for the payment, of all of its liabilities and
   obligations, Be will distribute any remaining assets to its stockholders in
   one or more distributions.

   Pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement, Be will be retaining
   certain rights, assets and liabilities in connection with the transaction,
   including its cash and cash equivalents, receivables, certain contractual
   rights, and rights to assert and bring certain claims and causes of action,
   including under antitrust laws. Under the terms of the plan of dissolution,
   if, notwithstanding the approval of the dissolution and the adoption of the
   plan of dissolution by the stockholders of Be, the board of directors of Be
   determines that it would be in the best interests of Be's stockholders or
   creditors for Be not to dissolve, including in order to permit Be to pursue
   (or more easily pursue) any retained claims or causes of action, the
   dissolution of Be may be abandoned or delayed until a future date to be
   determined by Be's board of directors.

Q: WILL ANY DISTRIBUTIONS BE MADE TO BE'S STOCKHOLDERS? (SEE PAGE [ ])

A: Although the Be board of directors believes that the completion of the asset
   sale and the subsequent dissolution of Be was the alternative available to
   Be that was most reasonably likely to enable Be to satisfy Be's outstanding
   obligations and to maximize any distributions to its stockholders, at this
   time Be cannot determine the precise amount of any such distributions. Be
   expects that, upon receiving the consideration for the sale of the Palm
   shares following the closing of the asset sale, it will have sufficient cash
   to pay all of its known current and determinable liabilities and
   obligations, which would allow for a distribution to Be's stockholders.
   However, the amount of unknown or contingent liabilities cannot be
   quantified and could decrease or eliminate any remaining assets available
   for distribution to stockholders. Be is unable at this time to predict the
   precise nature, amount and timing of any distributions. If there are assets
   remaining following the completion of the winding-up of Be, stockholders of
   Be will receive a portion of those assets in one or more distributions,
   which will be equal to each stockholder's pro rata share, based on the
   number of Be shares owned at such time, of such assets.

Q: WHEN WILL ANY DISTRIBUTIONS BE MADE TO BE'S STOCKHOLDERS? (SEE PAGE [ ])

A: At this time, Be cannot set a timetable for any distributions, and it is not
   certain whether any distributions will be made to its stockholders. The
   timetable will depend on the timing of the completion of the asset sale, the
   sale of Be's remaining assets, whether the plan of dissolution is
   implemented by Be's board of directors, and Be's ability to pay, or provide
   for the payment of, its liabilities and obligations. If Be is subject to any
   contingent liabilities, including any claims by Palm under the asset
   purchase agreement, this could require it to establish a reserve that could
   delay any distribution to Be's stockholders until the claims are resolved.

Q: WHEN WILL THE WINDING-UP OF BE'S BUSINESS BE COMPLETED? (SEE PAGE [ ])

A: The winding-up of Be's business will be completed after Be has paid for, or
   provided for the payment of, all of its liabilities and obligations, and
   distributed any remaining assets to its stockholders. However, pursuant to
   the terms of the asset purchase agreement, Be will be retaining certain
   rights, assets and liabilities in connection with the transaction, including
   rights to assert and bring certain claims and causes of action, including
   under antitrust laws. Under the plan of dissolution, if, notwithstanding the
   approval of the dissolution and the adoption of the plan of dissolution by
   the stockholders of Be, the board of directors of Be determines that it
   would be in the best interests of the stockholders or creditors of Be for Be
   not to dissolve, in order to permit Be to pursue (or more easily pursue) any
   retained claims or causes of action, the dissolution of Be, and the filing
   by Be of its certificate of dissolution with the Delaware Secretary of
   State, may be abandoned or delayed until a future date to be determined by
   the board of directors.

Q: WHAT HAPPENS IF BE'S STOCKHOLDERS APPROVE THE ASSET SALE OR THE DISSOLUTION
   OF BE, BUT NOT BOTH? (SEE PAGES  )

A: If Be's stockholders approve the asset sale but not the dissolution, Palm
   will not be obligated to complete the transactions contemplated by the asset
   purchase agreement. In such event, absent a waiver of such condition by
   Palm, the asset sale will not be completed, and it is likely that Be will
   file for or be forced to resort to bankruptcy protection. If Be's
   stockholders approve the dissolution but not the asset sale, the
   transactions contemplated by the asset purchase agreement will not be
   completed under any circumstances and Be will not implement the plan of
   dissolution. In that event, it is likely that Be will file for or be forced
   to resort to bankruptcy protection. If the transactions contemplated by the
   asset purchase agreement do not close for any reason, it is extremely
   unlikely that Be will be able to pay, or provide for the payment of, all of
   its liabilities and obligations, and there would therefore be no assets
   available for distribution to Be's stockholders.

Q: WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW? (SEE PAGE  )

A: You should read this proxy statement/prospectus carefully in its entirety,
   including its annexes, to consider how the matters discussed will affect
   you. You should mail your signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope
   or otherwise vote in a manner described in this proxy statement/prospectus
   as soon as possible so that your shares will be represented at the special
   meeting of Be stockholders.

Q: CAN I SUBMIT MY PROXY BY TELEPHONE, BY FAX OR OVER THE INTERNET? (SEE PAGE
   )

A: If you are a stockholder of record, you may grant a proxy to vote your
   shares by means of the Internet via the following Web site:
   http://www.votefast.com. Any stockholder using a touch-tone telephone may
   also grant a proxy to vote shares by calling 1-800-250-9081 and following
   the recorded instructions. Any stockholder may also vote by fax by marking,
   signing and dating their proxy card and faxing it to 1-412-299-9191.

   Beneficial holders who hold shares in street name may also submit their
   proxies by telephone, by fax or over the Internet. If you are a beneficial
   holder, you should refer to the proxy card included with your proxy
   materials for instructions about how to vote. If you vote by telephone, by
   fax or over the Internet, you do not need to complete and mail your proxy
   card.

Q: WHAT HAPPENS IF I DO NOT RETURN A PROXY CARD OR VOTE BY PHONE OR OVER THE
   INTERNET?

A: The failure to return your proxy card or vote by phone or over the Internet
   will have the same effect as voting AGAINST approval of the asset sale and
   the dissolution.

Q: WHAT HAPPENS IF I RETURN A SIGNED PROXY CARD BUT DO NOT INDICATE HOW TO VOTE
   MY PROXY? (SEE PAGE  )

A: If you do not include instructions on how to vote your properly signed and
   dated proxy, your shares will be voted FOR approval of the asset sale and
   the dissolution.

Q: MAY I VOTE IN PERSON? (SEE PAGE  )

A: Yes. Rather than signing and returning your proxy card or voting by phone or
   over the Internet, you may attend the special meeting and vote your shares
   in person.

Q: MAY I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE MAILED MY SIGNED PROXY CARD OR VOTED BY
   FAX, PHONE OR OVER THE INTERNET? (SEE PAGE  )

A: Yes. You may change your vote at any time before your proxy card or fax,
   phone or Internet vote is voted at the special meeting. You can do this in
   one of three ways. First, you can send a written, dated notice stating that
   you would like to revoke your proxy or similarly do so by fax, phone or over
   the Internet. Second, you can complete, date and submit a new proxy card.
   Third, you can attend the special meeting and vote in person. Your
   attendance alone will not revoke your proxy. If you have instructed a broker
   to vote your shares, you must follow directions received from your broker to
   change those instructions.

Q: IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN "STREET NAME" BY MY BROKER, WILL MY BROKER VOTE MY
   SHARES FOR ME?

A: Your broker will not be able to vote your shares without instructions from
   you. You should instruct your broker to vote your shares by following the
   procedure provided by your broker. The failure to provide such voting
   instructions to your broker will have the same effect as voting AGAINST
   approval of the asset sale and the dissolution.

Q: SHOULD I SEND IN MY BE STOCK CERTIFICATES?

A: No. Please do not mail in your Be stock certificates. If the asset sale and
   the dissolution are approved, Be will provide instructions regarding
   surrendering your stock certificates if and when the dissolution of Be has
   been completed.

Q: WHAT ARE THE MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ASSET SALE
   AND THE DISSOLUTION TO BE'S STOCKHOLDERS? (SEE PAGES  )

A: The asset sale will have no direct U.S. federal income tax consequences to
   Be's stockholders, since the assets are being sold by Be and not by Be's
   stockholders. However, the asset sale and any value realizable by Be in
   pursuit of any retained claims and causes of action will have tax
   consequences to Be and the possible dissolution of Be and distribution of
   assets to Be's stockholders will have tax consequences to Be and Be's
   stockholders. The fair market value of any assets distributed to a
   stockholder in the dissolution (including any assets transferred to a
   liquidating trust), less such stockholder's cost basis in its shares, will
   be taxable as capital gains (or loss), assuming that such stockholder held
   the shares as a capital asset. The gain (or loss) will be taxable as
   long-term capital gain (or loss) if the shares were held for more than one
   year. Tax consequences to stockholders may differ depending on their
   circumstances. You are urged to consult your own tax advisor to determine
   your particular tax consequences resulting from the asset sale and the
   dissolution.

Q: CAN I STILL SELL MY SHARES OF BE COMMON STOCK? (SEE PAGES  )

A: Yes. Be's common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq National Market.
   However, Be has received a delisting notice from the Nasdaq National Market
   due to the low trading price of Be's common stock indicating that the stock
   will be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market if Be is unable to comply
   with Nasdaq's continued listing criteria. Although Be plans to request a
   hearing before a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel to review this
   determination, it expects it will be unable to satisfy the requirements for
   continued listing of its common stock on the Nasdaq National Market and that
   Nasdaq will take action to delist Be's common stock from the Nasdaq National
   Market. If and when that happens, trading would thereafter be conducted on
   the over-the-counter market in the so-called "pink sheets" or on the
   "electronic bulletin board" of the National Association of Securities
   Dealers, Inc. In this event, the ability to buy and sell shares of Be common
   stock may be materially impaired, which may have an adverse effect on the
   price and liquidity of Be's common stock. After the dissolution is
   completed, there will be no further trading in Be's common stock.

Q: HOW WILL THE DISSOLUTION OF BE AFFECT MY STATUS AS A STOCKHOLDER?

A: Your rights as a stockholder of Be will terminate upon the dissolution of
   Be. Be will not dissolve until its assets, if any, that remain after payment
   or provision for payment of Be's liabilities and obligations are either
   distributed to its stockholders or transferred to a liquidating trust, and
   Be files a certificate of dissolution that is accepted by the Secretary of
   State of the State of Delaware or files with the Secretary of State of the
   State of Delaware a court order declaring Be dissolved. Be may establish a
   liquidating trust for the purpose of liquidating any remaining assets of Be,
   paying or providing for the payment of Be's remaining liabilities and
   obligations, and making distributions to Be's stockholders. If a liquidating
   trust is established, you will receive beneficial interests in the assets
   transferred to the liquidating trust in proportion to the number of Be's
   shares owned by you at such time.

Q: AM I ENTITLED TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS? (SEE PAGES  )

A: No. Be's stockholders are not entitled to appraisal rights, either in
   connection with the asset sale or the dissolution of Be.

Q: IS PALM STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIRED?

A: No. Palm stockholder approval is not required in connection with the asset
   sale or the dissolution.

Q: WHO CAN HELP ANSWER MY ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS? (SEE PAGE  )

A: Be stockholders who would like additional copies, without charge, of this
   proxy statement/prospectus or have additional questions about the
   transaction, including the procedures for voting Be's shares, should
   contact:

      Corporate Secretary
      Be Incorporated
      800 El Camino Real, Suite 400
      Menlo Park, CA 94025
      Telephone: (650) 462-4100

   Be stockholders should also contact the following proxy solicitor with any
   additional questions relating to the solicitation of stockholder proxies:

      N.S. Taylor & Associates, Inc.
      P.O. Box 358
      Dover-Foxcroft, ME 04426
      Toll free number: (866) 470-4300

                          FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

   This proxy statement/prospectus contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements
include, among others, statements regarding Be's intentions to sell shares of
Palm's common stock it receives pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, the
timing, terms of and expected distributions to be made to stockholders in
connection with the dissolution, Palm's reasons for entering into the asset
purchase, including the potential benefits, the integration of Be's technology
into Palm's products, the opportunity to add members to Palm's engineering team
and potential enhancements to Palm's products. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and
events to differ materially. For a detailed discussion of these risks and
uncertainties, see the "Risk Factors" section of this proxy
statement/prospectus. These and many other factors could affect the future
financial and operating results of Palm or Be. Be stockholders should also be
aware that the number of shares of Palm common stock to be received by Be at
the closing of the asset sale will be determined by dividing $11,000,000
(subject to adjustment under certain circumstances) by the opening price of
Palm common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date
of the transaction, and that Be intends to sell for cash the Palm shares
received in the transaction immediately following the closing date, with the
result that such shares will not be distributed to the stockholders of Be. In
light of all of the foregoing, and notwithstanding the discussions and
information in this proxy statement/prospectus concerning Palm, it is not
anticipated that the results or performance of Palm prior to the closing date,
or following the closing date, will have any material impact on the net
proceeds to be received by Be from the asset sale, or the amount of cash
proceeds (if any) therefrom ultimately distributed to Be stockholders.

                   SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

   This summary highlights selected information from this proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should read carefully this entire proxy
statement/prospectus and the documents referred to in this proxy
statement/prospectus for a more complete description of the matters on which
you are being asked to vote. The form of the asset purchase agreement is
attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus. You are encouraged to
read the asset purchase agreement as it is the legal document that governs the
asset sale on which you are being asked to vote. Also attached as Annexes B
through E are the plan of dissolution and additional agreements relating to the
transactions contemplated by the asset purchase agreement. You are encouraged
to read those agreements as well. In addition, Palm and Be incorporate by
reference important business and financial information into this proxy
statement/prospectus. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following the
instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information."
This summary is qualified in its entirety by the asset purchase agreement and
the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this document or that is
incorporated by reference. This summary includes page references in parentheses
to direct you to a more complete description of the topics presented in this
summary.

   Palm has supplied all information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Palm and Be has supplied all information
contained in this proxy statement/prospectus relating to Be. Neither Palm nor
Be is responsible for the information supplied by the other. For example, all
information in this proxy statement/prospectus relating to or concerning Be and
its business and operations, including, but not limited to, the descriptions of
its business, its reasons for entering into the asset sale and related
transactions, the dissolution of Be, the possible distribution to its
stockholders, the rights of its stockholders, the special meeting, the
recommendations to its stockholders, the description of events at Be leading up
to the decision of its board of directors to approve the asset purchase
agreement and the plan of dissolution, and other information relating to Be,
its business and operations and the actions and decisions of its executive
officers and directors, have been supplied by Be. All of the information in
this proxy statement/prospectus relating to Palm and the business and
operations of Palm, including but not limited to, the description of Palm's
business and Palm's reasons for entering into the asset sale and related
transactions, has been supplied by Palm. Unless otherwise indicated, references
to Palm include Palm and its subsidiaries, including ECA Subsidiary Acquisition
Corporation.

The Companies

Be Incorporated
800 El Camino Real, Suite 400
Menlo Park, California 94025
(650) 462-4100

   Founded in 1990, Be Incorporated is a software company creating software
solutions that enable rich media and Web experiences on personal computers and
Internet appliances. Be's products included BeOS, its desktop operating system,
and BeIA, its software solution intended for Internet appliances. Be went
public on July 20, 1999. Its stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "BEOS."

Palm, Inc.
5470 Great America Parkway
Santa Clara, California 95052
(408) 878-9000

   Palm, Inc. is a pioneer in the field of mobile and wireless Internet
solutions and a leading provider of handheld computers, according to
International Data Corporation. Based on the Palm OS platform, Palm's handheld
solutions allow people to carry and access their most critical information with
them wherever they go. Palm handhelds address the needs of individuals,
enterprises and educational institutions through thousands of application
solutions. The Palm OS platform is also the foundation for products from Palm's
licensees and strategic partners, such as Franklin Covey, HandEra (formerly
TRG), Handspring, IBM, Kyocera, Nokia, Sony, Samsung and Symbol Technologies.
The Palm Economy is a growing global community of industry-leading licensees,
world-class OEM customers, and more than 170,000 developers and solution
providers that have registered to develop solutions based on the Palm OS
platform. Palm held its initial public offering of common stock on March 2,
2000. Its common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"PALM."

ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation
5470 Great America Parkway
Santa Clara, California 95052
(408) 878-9000

   ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation is an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Palm that was formed by Palm for the sole purpose of
participating in the asset sale transaction with Be. As a direct party to the
asset purchase agreement, Palm is effectively responsible for all of the
obligations of ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation thereunder.

Asset Sale and Related Transactions (Pages   and  )

   Under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, Be will sell specified
assets, including substantially all of its intellectual property and other
technology assets, including those related to its BeOS and BeIA operating
systems, to Palm and will receive that number of shares of Palm common stock
equal to the quotient determined by dividing $11,000,000 (subject to adjustment
under certain circumstances) by the opening price of Palm common stock as
quoted on the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the transaction. Be
intends to sell for cash the Palm shares received in the transaction
immediately following the closing, and accordingly, such shares will not be
distributed to the stockholders of Be.

Dissolution of Be (Page  )

   The Be board of directors has approved the dissolution of Be pursuant to the
plan of dissolution attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B. If
the dissolution of Be and the adoption of the plan of dissolution is approved
by the stockholders, the Be board of directors, without further action by the
stockholders (except those actions as may be required by law or as the Be board
of directors may deem appropriate), may elect at any time to dissolve Be after
payment of, or provision for the payment of, all liabilities and obligations of
Be. Any remaining assets would be available for distribution to Be
stockholders. In the event that the stockholders of Be fail to approve both the
asset sale and the dissolution pursuant to the plan of dissolution, Palm and Be
would each have the option to terminate the asset purchase agreement.

Palm's and ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation's Reasons for the Purchase of
Assets from Be (Page )

   Palm's board of directors determined that the purchase of the assets from Be
is consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of
Palm and fair to, and in the best interests of, Palm and its stockholders, and
has unanimously approved the asset purchase agreement.

   In reaching its determination, Palm's board of directors considered a number
of factors, including, without limitation, the following:

   . the present and anticipated business environment and market for Palm's
     platform products, including the Palm OS;

   . the potential benefits of the operating system technology components
     included in the asset purchase that could be integrated into the current
     and future versions of the Palm OS and other Palm platform products to
     enhance Palm's Internet, communications and multimedia offerings;

   . the opportunity to add engineers who have worked together as a team for a
     significant period of time and have proven skills and abilities in
     developing operating system technology to Palm's Platform Solutions
     Group's engineering team;

   . the potential to provide Palm's Platform Solutions Group the ability to
     enhance its platform roadmap by converting the current operating system
     into a more modular and flexible operating system and to serve broader
     market needs; and

   . the terms and conditions of the asset purchase agreement.

Be's Reasons for the Asset Sale (Page )

   The Be board of directors has unanimously determined that the terms of the
asset purchase agreement are fair to and in the best interests of Be and its
stockholders and creditors, and has unanimously approved the asset purchase
agreement. In reaching its determination, the Be board of directors considered
a number of factors, including, without limitation, the following:

   . the present and anticipated business environment of the Internet appliance
     and digital media application market;

   . the conclusion of the Be board of directors that Be would not be able to
     continue to operate effectively in light of the significant losses that it
     was incurring and expected to continue to incur under its present business
     model, nor would it be able to raise the capital necessary in a timely
     manner to permit it to succeed in the Internet appliance and digital media
     application market in light of Be's increasingly precarious cash flow
     position;

   . the terms and conditions of the asset purchase agreement, the value and
     liquidity of the shares of Palm common stock to be received at closing,
     and the financial ability of Palm to fund a portion of Be's operations
     pursuant to the funding agreement described below and to issue the stock
     consideration payable to Be at the closing of the asset sale, all of which
     led Be's directors to conclude that it was reasonably likely that the
     asset sale would be completed, that Be would be able to liquidate the
     stock consideration promptly following the closing, and that as a result
     Be would most likely be able to pay, or provide for the payment of, the
     liabilities owed to its creditors and be in a position to maximize the
     return of value to its stockholders;

   . the efforts made by Be management to contact and determine the level of
     interest of third parties in a business combination or other financial
     transaction; and

   . the results of Lehman Brothers' efforts to solicit indications of interest
     from third parties regarding a potential purchase of or investment in Be.

Be's Reasons for the Plan of Dissolution (Page  )

   The Be board of directors approved the plan of dissolution of Be based on a
number of factors, including the following:

   . an assessment that the likely net proceeds from the asset sale remaining
     after the payment, or provision for payment, of all of the liabilities and
     obligations owing to Be's creditors would be insufficient to permit Be to
     continue in any viable operating business;

   . the questionable viability of a business based on Be's remaining assets;

   . the lack of success that Be had already experienced in finding strategic
     buyers or sources of financing for the assets relating to its business;

   . the attractiveness of potentially being able to be in a position to make a
     cash distribution to Be's stockholders from the net proceeds of the sale
     of the Palm shares received in the asset sale, compared to the board of
     directors' assessment of Be's expected future financial condition,
     earnings, business opportunities and competitive position, which the board
     felt would be unlikely to permit such distributions; and

   . the fact that the plan of dissolution permits the board of directors of
     Be, if it determines that it would be in the best interests of Be's
     stockholders or creditors for Be not to dissolve, including in order to
     permit Be to pursue (or more easily pursue) any retained claims or causes
     of action, to abandon or delay the dissolution of Be until a future date
     to be determined by the board of directors.

Recommendations to Be Stockholders (Pages   and  )

   The Be board of directors has determined that the sale of certain of Be's
assets pursuant to the asset purchase agreement and the plan of dissolution are
in the best interests of the stockholders and creditors of Be. The Be board of
directors has approved the asset sale and the dissolution of Be, and recommends
that the stockholders of Be vote in favor of the asset sale and the dissolution
of Be.

The Special Meeting of Be Stockholders (Page  )

   Time, Date and Place. A special meeting of Be stockholders will be held on
    , 2001 at :  a.m. local time at Holbrook Palmer Park - The Pavilion, 150
Watkins Avenue, Atherton, California 94027.

   Record Date and Voting Power. You are entitled to vote at the special
meeting if you owned shares of Be common stock at the close of business on
September 12, 2001, the record date for the special meeting. You will have one
vote at the special meeting for each share of Be common stock you owned at the
close of business on the record date. As of the record date, there are
outstanding shares of Be common stock entitled to be voted at the special
meeting.

   Be Required Vote. The approval of both the asset sale and the dissolution of
Be pursuant to the plan of dissolution requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the shares of Be common stock outstanding at the close of business
on the record date.

   Share Ownership of Management. As of the record date, the directors and
executive officers of Be and their affiliates owned approximately  % of the
shares entitled to vote at the special meeting. All of the directors and
executive officers of Be that own Be stock have agreed to vote their shares in
favor of approval of the asset sale and the dissolution of Be.

Interests of Some Officers and Key Employees of Be in the Asset Sale (Page  )

   Several officers and key employees of Be have personal interests in the
asset sale and the dissolution of Be that are different from, or in addition
to, the interests of most Be stockholders. As part of its employee recruiting
and retention plan, Be has a policy of entering into change of control
agreements with employees considered to be critical to effectuating a
transaction such as the asset sale. Be is a party to change of control
agreements with each of the following senior executive officers and key
employees: P.C. Berndt, John Fursdon, Jean-Louis Gassee, Dan Johnston, Albert
Lombardo, Guillaume Perrotin, Lamar Potts, Pierre Raynaud-Richard, Steve
Sakoman and Lee Williams. Following a change of control, which includes the
closing of certain types of transactions such as the asset sale, each of such
agreements provides for a lump sum severance payment equal to twelve-months'
base salary and continued group health insurance benefits for the executive and
any eligible dependents under COBRA for a period of up to twelve months.

   In order to ensure the dedication and continued efforts of Be's employees
through the critical transition period up to the closing of the asset sale, the
Be board of directors approved grants of shares of common stock of Be in the
form of stock bonuses to employees, including some executive officers, still
employed with Be at the closing of the asset sale or who may be terminated by
Be without cause after July 30, 2001. In addition to these stock bonuses, the
board of directors of Be approved an aggregate of $867,000 in incentive cash
bonuses to certain designated employees, including certain executive officers,
for continuing to provide services to Be through the transition period and
thereafter, and to assist Be in fulfilling a condition to the closing of the
asset sale requiring that specified employees of Be, and a specified percentage
of Be's remaining employee workforce, remain employees of Be and have accepted
employment with Palm as of the closing.

   Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, it is contemplated that certain
officers of Be, including Steve Sakoman, Pierre Raynaud-Richard and Lee
Williams, will become employees of Palm following the closing of the asset
sale. In addition, Jean-Louis Gassee, the Chairman of Be, has accepted an offer
to serve as an advisor to the Platform Solutions Group committee of Palm's
board of directors effective upon the closing of the asset sale. Pursuant to
this arrangement, it is contemplated that Palm will grant Jean-Louis Gassee an
option to purchase 20,000 shares of Palm's common stock which will have an
exercise price equal to the fair market value on the closing date of the asset
sale and will vest monthly over the six months following the closing of the
asset sale (subject to his continued service).

Conditions to the Asset Sale (Page  )

   The obligations of each of Palm and Be to complete the asset sale are
subject to the satisfaction of specified conditions set forth in the asset
purchase agreement, including the approval of the asset sale and the
dissolution of Be by Be stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding
shares of Be common stock.

Termination of the Asset Purchase Agreement (Page  )

   Each of Palm and Be is entitled to terminate the asset purchase agreement
under specified conditions, including, among others: mutual written consent of
the parties; if the asset sale has not been completed by November 30, 2001 (or
December 31, 2001 in certain circumstances); if a court issues a final and
nonappealable order that prohibits the asset sale; if the Be stockholders do
not approve the asset sale; or if a triggering event occurs, such as the
failure of the board of directors of Be to recommend approval of the asset sale
to Be stockholders or the approval or endorsement by the board of directors of
Be of an alternative acquisition proposal.

Limitation on Considering Other Acquisition Proposals (Page  )

   Be has agreed not to consider a business combination or other similar
transaction with another party while the asset sale is pending unless the other
party has made an unsolicited, bona fide written offer to the Be board of

directors to purchase a majority of the outstanding shares of Be common stock
or all or substantially all of the assets of Be on terms that the Be board of
directors determines to be more favorable to its stockholders than the terms of
the asset sale.

Funding Agreement (Page  )

   Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the asset purchase
agreement, Palm and Be entered into a funding agreement whereby Palm agreed to
pay weekly fees to Be to compensate Be for employment expenses associated with
the continued development and enhancement of the BeOS and BeIA operating
systems and related technology until the earlier of the completion of the asset
sale or termination of the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the funding
agreement, Palm agreed to pay Be an amount equal to $2,500 multiplied by the
number of designated employees employed by Be at the start of the applicable
weekly period. The form of the funding agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex C, and you are urged to read it in its entirety.
Be is not required to submit the funding agreement to its stockholders for
their approval under Delaware law. Under no circumstances will Be be required
to repay to Palm any of the amounts received by Be under the funding agreement.

Stockholder Support Agreements (Page  )

   All of the directors and executive officers of Be entered into stockholder
support agreements with Palm contemporaneously with the execution and delivery
of the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the agreements, each director and
executive officer agreed to vote, and granted Palm an irrevocable proxy to
vote, all shares of Be common stock beneficially owned by them as of the record
date in favor of the approval of the asset sale and the dissolution pursuant to
the plan of dissolution and against any actions that would interfere with the
asset sale or dissolution. As of the record date, these individuals
collectively beneficially owned       shares of Be common stock, which
represented approximately   % of the outstanding shares of Be common stock. The
form of stockholder support agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex D, and you are urged to read it in its entirety.

Non-Competition Agreements (Page  )

   Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the asset purchase
agreement, certain key employees of Be entered into non-competition agreements
with Palm whereby the key employee agreed, subject to the closing of the asset
sale and for a period of two years thereafter, not to compete with Palm in any
business activity competitive with Palm's operating system platform business
without the prior written consent of Palm. The non-competition agreements also
provide that the key employee may not solicit, encourage or take any other
action which is intended to induce or encourage, or could reasonably be
expected to have the effect of inducing or encouraging, any employee of Palm or
any of its subsidiaries to terminate his or her employment with Palm. The form
of non-competition agreement is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as
Annex E, and you are urged to read it in its entirety.

Expenses (Page  )

   The asset purchase agreement provides that regardless of whether the asset
sale is completed, all expenses incurred by the parties shall be borne by the
party incurring such expenses.

Material U. S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (Page   )

   The asset sale and dissolution are taxable events to Be. While Be cannot
determine at this time its tax liability attributable to the asset sale and
dissolution, Be expects that it may incur some tax liability as a result of

such events. The receipt by Be stockholders of any liquidating distributions
that might be made by Be in connection with its dissolution would cause each
stockholder to recognize a gain or loss for federal income tax purposes. Such
gain or loss will be taxable as a capital gain or loss assuming that the Be
stockholder held his, her or its Be shares as a capital asset.

   Tax matters can be complicated, and the tax consequences of the transactions
discussed in this proxy statement/prospectus to you will depend on the facts of
your own situation. You should consult your own tax advisor to fully understand
the tax consequences of the asset sale and dissolution of Be to you.

Accounting Treatment (Page  )

   The asset sale will be accounted for by Palm using the purchase method of
accounting. The purchase price will be allocated to the identifiable assets
acquired and will be recorded on Palm's books at their respective fair values
as determined on the closing date. A portion of the purchase price may be
identified as in-process research and development. This amount, if any, will be
charged to Palm's operations in the quarter in which the asset sale is
completed and the purchase accounting and valuation amounts are finalized. The
remaining purchase price will be recorded as goodwill.

Absence of Appraisal Rights (Pages   and  )

   Be stockholders do not have appraisal rights in connection with the asset
sale or the dissolution of Be.

Regulatory Matters Relating to the Asset Sale (Page  )

   Neither Be nor Palm is aware of any regulatory or governmental approvals
required to complete the asset sale.

Regulatory Matters Relating to the Dissolution (Page  )

   Be is not aware of any regulatory or governmental requirements that must be
complied with or approvals that must be obtained in connection with the
dissolution other than the requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law
governing the dissolution of Delaware corporations.

             PALM SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

   The tables below present summary selected historical consolidated financial
data of Palm. The information set forth below should be read in conjunction
with Palm's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year that ended on June
1, 2001, incorporated herein by reference and together with the section thereof
entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations," in addition to other annual reports, quarterly reports
and other information on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

   The selected consolidated statements of operations for the three years in
the period ended June 1, 2001 and the selected condensed consolidated balance
sheet data as of June 1, 2001 and June 2, 2000 have been derived from Palm's
audited consolidated financial statements, incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus, which have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP,
independent auditors, whose report is also incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus. The selected consolidated statement of operations
data for the years ended May 31, 1998 and May 25, 1997 and the selected
condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of May 28, 1999 and May 31, 1998
have been derived from Palm's audited financial statements not included or
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected
condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of May 25, 1997 has been derived
from Palm's unaudited consolidated financial data not included or incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. Certain reclassifications
have been made to prior periods to conform to the current period presentation.
Such reclassifications had no effect on net income (loss) or net income (loss)
per share. The historical financial information may not be indicative of Palm's
future performance.

                                                                  Years Ended
                                               -------------------------------------------------
                                               May 25,   May 31,  May 28,   June 2,    June 1,
                                                1997      1998     1999      2000       2001
                                               --------  -------- -------- ---------- ----------
                                                     (in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues...................................... $114,157  $272,137 $563,525 $1,057,597 $1,559,312
Gross profit..................................   36,472   114,388  247,909    444,514    226,338
Net income (loss).............................   (7,862)    4,171   29,628     45,910   (356,476)
Net income (loss) per share:
   Basic...................................... $  (0.01) $   0.01 $   0.06 $     0.09 $    (0.63)
   Diluted.................................... $  (0.01) $   0.01 $   0.06 $     0.09 $    (0.63)
Shares used in computing net income (loss) per
  share:
   Basic......................................  532,000   532,000  532,000    539,739    566,132
   Diluted....................................  532,000   532,000  532,000    539,851    566,132

                                                As of     As of    As of     As of      As of
                                               May 25,   May 31,  May 28,   June 2,    June 1,
                                                1997      1998     1999      2000       2001
                                               --------  -------- -------- ---------- ----------

                                                                 (in thousands)

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents..................... $     --  $     -- $    478 $1,062,128 $  513,769
Working capital...............................   26,963    53,354   12,682  1,012,476    350,668
Total assets..................................   45,984   115,359  152,247  1,282,676  1,297,251
Payable to 3Com Corporation...................    4,412    15,617   40,509     18,374         --
Total stockholders' equity....................   31,245    65,675   34,018  1,029,188    734,152

              BE SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

   The following summary selected historical consolidated financial data for Be
should be read in conjunction with Be's annual report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year that ended on December 31, 2000, incorporated herein by reference
and together with the section thereof entitled "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in addition to
other annual reports, quarterly reports and other information of Be on file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

   The consolidated financial data for the three fiscal years ended December
31, 2000, December 31, 1999 and December 31, 1998, and the consolidated balance
sheet data as of December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, have been derived
from Be's audited consolidated financial statements, incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement/prospectus, which have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, whose report is also
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. The
consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 1997
and December 31, 1996, and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December
31, 1998, December 31, 1997 and December 31, 1996, are derived from Be's
audited financial statements not included or incorporated by reference into
this proxy statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data
for the six months ended June 30, 2001 and June 30, 2000, and the consolidated
balance sheet data as of June 30, 2001, are derived from Be's unaudited
financial statements filed on Form 10-Q, which are incorporated by reference in
this prospectus/proxy statement and which, in the opinion of management,
include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
necessary for a fair statement of the results for the unaudited interim
periods. The historical results presented below are not necessarily indicative
of future results.

   The consolidated statement of operations data below and consolidated balance
sheet and other data below reflects Be's operations, including the following:

      (1) The cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 1998 includes a
   $1.2 million expense attributable to the write-off of capitalized costs
   relating to the acquisition of technology no longer useful to the
   development of BeOS.

      (2) Operating expenses include the amortization of deferred compensation
   which was recorded by Be and which represents the difference between the
   deemed fair value of Be's common stock, as determined for accounting
   purposes and the exercise price of options at the date of grant. For the
   purposes of the financial statements, this expense was disclosed as being
   applicable to each line item.

Be Incorporated

                                                                                                         Six Months Ended
                                                                   Year Ended December 31,                   June 30,
                                                       -----------------------------------------------  -----------------
                                                        1996      1997      1998      1999      2000      2000     2001
                                                       -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------  -------
                                                                      (in thousands, except per share data)

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:
Net revenues.......................................... $    --  $     86  $  1,199  $  2,656  $    480  $    396  $   815
Cost of revenues(1)...................................      --        84     2,161     1,436     1,097       554      571
                                                       -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------  -------
Gross profit (loss)...................................      --         2      (962)    1,220      (617)     (158)     244
Operating expenses(2):
  Research and development............................   3,629     5,170     8,133    10,429     9,139     4,500    4,807
  Sales and marketing.................................   2,971     4,452     5,617    10,966     7,812     4,400    2,074
  General and administrative..........................   1,397     1,393     2,729     5,120     4,740     2,724    2,596
  Restructuring charge................................      --        --        --        --        --        --      450
                                                       -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------  -------
   Total operating expenses...........................   7,997    11,015    16,479    26,515    21,691    11,624    9,927
                                                       -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------  -------
Loss from operations..................................  (7,997)  (11,013)  (17,441)  (25,295)  (22,308)  (11,782)  (9,683)
Other income, net.....................................     220       580       580       789     1,156       663      230
                                                       -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------  -------
Net loss.............................................. $(7,777) $(10,433) $(16,861) $(24,506) $(21,152) $(11,119) $(9,453)
                                                       =======  ========  ========  ========  ========  ========  =======
Net loss attributable to common stockholders.......... $(7,902) $(10,448) $(18,423) $(24,798) $(21,152) $(11,119) $(9,453)
                                                       =======  ========  ========  ========  ========  ========  =======
Net loss per common share--basic and diluted.......... $(10.85) $  (4.87) $  (5.80) $  (1.41) $  (0.60) $  (0.32) $ (0.26)
                                                       =======  ========  ========  ========  ========  ========  =======
Shares used in per common share calculation--basic and
 diluted..............................................     728     2,145     3,178    17,589    35,533    35,247   36,330
                                                       =======  ========  ========  ========  ========  ========  =======

                                                               As of December 31,               As of
                                                  -------------------------------------------- June 30,
                                                   1996      1997      1998     1999    2000     2001
                                                  -------  --------  --------  ------- ------- --------
                                                                     (in thousands)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments $ 6,670  $    899  $ 11,648  $29,129 $14,057  $4,902
Working capital (deficit)........................   6,222    (3,206)    9,702   26,740  12,205   3,935
Total assets.....................................   7,385     1,303    13,634   32,310  16,071   6,558
Long-term liabilities............................      --        --       779      597     320     238
Mandatory redeemable convertible preferred stock.  14,037    14,052    38,005       --      --      --
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)............. $(7,570) $(16,978) $(27,900) $28,427 $13,324  $4,721

              COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

   The following table sets forth the historical net loss and the book value
per share of Palm and Be common stock, and the combined per share data for Palm
on an unaudited pro forma basis after giving effect to the proposed asset sale
using the purchase method of accounting. The following data should be read in
connection with the separate historical consolidated financial statements of
Palm and Be, which are incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus.

   The unaudited pro forma combined per share data is presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating
results or financial position that would have occurred if the transactions had
been consummated at the beginning of the earliest period presented, nor is it
necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial position. The
pro forma adjustments are estimates based upon information and assumptions
available at the time of the filing of this proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                                 Year Ended
                                                                June 1, 2001
                                                                -------------

Historical Palm:
Net loss per share:
   Basic.......................................................    $(0.63)
   Diluted.....................................................     (0.63)
Book value per share at the end of the period(1)...............      1.29

                                                                Twelve Months
                                                                    Ended
                                                                June 30, 2001
                                                                -------------

Historical Be(3):
Net loss per share:
   Basic.......................................................    $(0.54)
   Diluted.....................................................     (0.54)
Book value per share at the end of the period(1)...............      0.13

                                                                 Year Ended
                                                                June 1, 2001
                                                                -------------

Palm Pro Forma Combined(4):
Pro forma combined net loss per share:
   Basic.......................................................    $(0.65)
   Diluted.....................................................     (0.65)
Pro forma book value per Palm share at the end of the period(2)      1.28

- --------
(1)Historical book value per share is computed by dividing total stockholders'
   equity by the number of shares of Palm or Be common stock outstanding at the
   end of the period.

(2)Pro forma combined book value per share is computed by dividing pro forma
   total stockholders' equity by the pro forma number of shares of Palm common
   stock outstanding at the end of the period assuming the proposed asset sale
   had occurred on that date.

(3)The Be historical data has been derived from the historical financial
   statements of Be; however, the period presented was selected to conform more
   closely with Palm's fiscal year end rather than the historical presentation
   of Be's year end of December 31.

(4)The pro forma combined per share information is computed by dividing the pro
   forma net loss by Palm's weighted average common and equivalent shares
   outstanding plus the number of shares of Palm common stock equal to the
   quotient determined by dividing $11,000,000 by the opening price of Palm's
   common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market on August 30, 2001 of
   $3.66.

                    COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE DATA

Be's Market Price Data

   Be's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"BEOS." Public trading of the common stock commenced on July 20, 1999. This
table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales
prices for Be's common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market. Be's
fiscal year ends on December 31 of each year.

                                                   Be Common Stock
                                                   ---------------
                                                    High     Low
                                                   ------  ------

              Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
              Third quarter....................... $ 8.66  $ 6.00
              Fourth quarter...................... $37.56  $ 3.81

              Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000
              First quarter....................... $27.19  $12.88
              Second quarter...................... $16.63  $ 3.75
              Third quarter....................... $ 6.00  $ 3.91
              Fourth quarter...................... $ 4.00  $ 0.66

              Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2001
              First quarter....................... $ 2.22  $ 0.88
              Second quarter...................... $ 1.44  $ 0.45
              Third quarter (through    , 2001)... $       $

Palm's Market Price Data

   Palm's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"PALM." Public trading of the common stock commenced on March 2, 2000. This
table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales
prices for Palm's common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market.
Palm's fiscal year ends on the Friday nearest to May 31 of each year.

                                                 Palm Common Stock
                                                 -----------------
                                                   High     Low
                                                  ------   ------

              Fiscal Year Ended June 2, 2000
              Fourth quarter.................... $95.06   $20.81

              Fiscal Year Ended June 1, 2001
              First quarter..................... $45.00   $25.44
              Second quarter.................... $66.94   $34.50
              Third quarter..................... $56.63   $17.38
              Fourth quarter.................... $22.06   $ 5.05
              Fiscal Year Ending May 31, 2002
              First quarter..................... $ 6.26   $ 3.58
              Second quarter (through    , 2001) $        $

Recent Closing Prices

   The following table sets forth the closing per share sales prices of Be
common stock and Palm common stock, as reported on the Nasdaq National Market,
on August 15, 2001, the last full trading day before the public announcement of
the proposed asset sale, and on       , 2001, the most recent practicable
trading day prior to the printing of this proxy statement/prospectus:

                Be Common Stock Palm Common Stock
                --------------- -----------------

August 15, 2001      $0.46            $4.20
     __, 2001..      $                $

   Following the closing of the asset sale transaction, Palm common stock will
continue to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market; however, since Be intends
to sell for cash the Palm shares received in the transaction immediately
following the closing, the listing status of Palm shares following such sale is
not currently anticipated to have any effect on Be. Since Be's common stock no
longer meets all of the requirements for listing on the Nasdaq National Market,
Be's common stock may be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market in the near
future. After delisting, the ability to buy and sell shares of Be common stock
may be materially impaired, which would likely have an adverse effect on the
price and liquidity of Be common stock.

   Other than the $150 million cash dividend paid by Palm to 3Com Corporation,
Palm's former parent company, out of the proceeds from Palm's initial public
offering, neither Palm nor Be has ever declared or paid cash dividends on its
common stock. The policy of Palm is to retain earnings for use in its
businesses. While Be intends to make one or more distributions to its
stockholders out of the net proceeds from the Palm shares received in the asset
sale, Be cannot predict at this time the amount of any such distributions, if
any.

                                 RISK FACTORS

   When you decide whether to vote for approval of the asset sale and the
dissolution, you should consider the following factors in conjunction with the
other information included or incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Risks Relating to the Asset Sale

Even if Be's stockholders approve the asset sale, the asset sale may not be
completed and the value of Be could be significantly diminished.

   The completion of the asset sale is subject to numerous conditions. Even if
stockholders of Be holding a majority of the outstanding shares of Be common
stock vote to approve the asset sale and the dissolution, Be cannot guarantee
that the asset sale will be completed. If it is not completed, Be would likely
not be able to sell its assets to another buyer on terms as favorable as those
provided in the asset purchase agreement, or at all, which would mean that
fewer assets (if any) would be available for distribution to Be's stockholders
than if the asset sale had been completed.

Whether or not the asset sale is completed, Be may not be able to pay, or
provide for the payment of, all of its liabilities and obligations. If the sale
is not completed, it is likely that Be will file for or be forced into
bankruptcy by its creditors and no assets may be available for distribution to
Be stockholders.

   If the asset sale is not completed, Be believes that it is likely that it
will file for or be forced to resort to bankruptcy protection. In this event,
it is extremely unlikely that Be would be able to pay, or provide for the
payment of, all of its liabilities and obligations, and, therefore, there would
be no assets available for distribution to Be's stockholders. Even if the
parties complete the asset sale, the proceeds provided by the sale of the Palm
stock received at the closing, together with Be's other assets, may not be
sufficient to pay, or provide for the payment of, all of Be's known and unknown
liabilities and obligations. If the proceeds from the asset sale together with
Be's other assets were insufficient to pay or provide for the payment of Be's
liabilities and other obligations, it is likely that Be could be required to
file for or be forced to resort to bankruptcy protection. Further, if there are
insufficient proceeds from the asset sale to pay or otherwise provide for the
liabilities and obligations of Be, there will be no assets available for
distribution to Be's stockholders.

The proceeds from the sale of the Palm common stock received in the asset sale
are uncertain.

   If the transactions contemplated by the asset purchase agreement are
completed, Be intends to sell the Palm shares received in the transaction for
cash immediately following the closing. Although the Palm shares issued to Be
will have a value of $11,000,000 (subject to adjustment under certain
circumstances), based on the opening price of Palm common stock as quoted on
the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the transaction, the actual
proceeds realized by Be from the sale of the shares is likely to be less than
$11,000,000 after payment of commissions and expenses. Furthermore, Be may not
be able to immediately resell the shares as a result of market conditions,
securities laws restrictions or other factors. Accordingly, Be will bear market
risk with respect to a decline in the trading price of Palm's stock between
closing and the time Be is able to sell the shares. See "Be's Use of Proceeds
from the Sale of Palm Common Stock" for a summary of Be's estimated known
obligations that must be paid before any distributions may be made to Be
stockholders.

Failure to complete the asset sale could cause Be's stock price to decline.

   If the asset sale is not completed, Be's stock price may decline due to any
or all of the following potential consequences:

   . Be may not be able to dispose of its assets for values equaling or
     exceeding those currently estimated by Be; in particular, the assets that
     are the subject of the asset sale will likely be substantially diminished
     in value;

   . Be may file for or be forced into bankruptcy;

   . Be's costs related to the asset sale, such as legal, accounting and
     financial advisor fees, must be paid even if the asset sale is not
     completed; and

   . Be may have difficulty retaining its key remaining personnel.

   In addition, if the asset sale is not completed, Be's stock price may
decline to the extent that the current market price of Be common stock reflects
a market assumption that the asset sale will be completed.

Following the completion of the asset sale, Be may no longer have access to
certain intellectual property assets or the human resources, including the
services of certain key employees, necessary to fulfill its obligations under
existing agreements with third parties.

   Upon the completion of the asset sale, Be will have sold its rights, title
and interest in substantially all of its intellectual property and other
technology assets, including those related to the BeOS and BeIA operating
systems, to Palm. Because of this, Be may no longer be able to comply with its
existing contractual obligations or commitments under certain license
agreements, distribution agreements and service contracts with third parties
that are not to be transferred to Palm in the asset sale. In addition, under
the terms of the asset purchase agreement, at least 33 designated employees and
seven key employees shall have entered into "at-will" employment arrangements
with Palm at the closing of the transaction. As a result of this, after the
closing of the asset sale, Be will have no more than seven employees. The loss
of the services of any of Be's executive officers or other key employees, and
the loss of a significant portion of Be's current workforce to Palm could
prevent Be from effectively continuing its operations and fulfilling its
contractual obligations with third parties under existing agreements before the
dissolution of Be.

If Palm is not successful in integrating the Be operating system business,
Palm's operations may be affected.

   Palm's ability to realize some of the anticipated benefits of the asset sale
will depend in part on Palm's ability to integrate the assets purchased from Be
into Palm's current operations in a timely and efficient manner. This
integration may be difficult and unpredictable because Palm's current products
are highly complex and have been developed independently from those of Be.
Successful integration requires coordination of different development and
engineering teams. If Palm cannot successfully integrate the Be assets with its
operations, Palm may not realize some of the expected benefits of the asset
sale.

Failure to hire and retain key employees could diminish the benefits of the
asset sale to Palm and could prevent consummation of the asset sale.

   The successful integration of the Be assets into Palm's current business
operations will depend in part on the hiring and retention of personnel
critical to the business and operations of Palm and the Be operating systems
business. The Be employees to be hired by Palm in connection with the asset
sale have technical and engineering expertise that is in high demand and short
supply. Palm may be unable to retain technical and engineering personnel that
are critical to the successful integration of the Be assets, which may result
in loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional
recruiting and training costs and otherwise diminishing anticipated benefits of
the asset sale for Palm and its stockholders. Furthermore, it is a condition to
closing the asset sale that seven out of eight employees of Be designated as
"key employees" and 33 out of 42 other designated employees of Be enter into
"at will" employment arrangements with Palm as of the closing date of the asset
sale. Therefore, failure by Palm to effectively recruit these employees could
prevent consummation of the asset sale.

Risks Relating to the Dissolution of Be

Be cannot determine at this time whether any distributions will be made to its
stockholders or the amount of any such distributions to its stockholders,
because there are a variety of factors, some of which are outside of Be's
control, that could affect the ability of Be to make distributions to its
stockholders.

   Be cannot determine at this time the amount of or whether there will be any
distributions to its stockholders because that determination depends on a
variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the likelihood of closing
the asset sale, the net proceeds from the sale of the Palm shares received in
the asset sale, the value of Be's other

assets, the amount of Be's unknown debts and liabilities to be paid in the
future, the resolution of pending litigation and other contingent liabilities,
general business and economic conditions and other matters. The amount of
proceeds from the asset sale and the amount to be distributed to Be
stockholders, if any, are subject to various significant uncertainties, many of
which are beyond Be's control. See "The Dissolution of Be -- Liquidating
Distributions; Nature; Amount; Timing." Examples of uncertainties that could
reduce the value of or eliminate distributions to Be stockholders include the
following:

   . Changes in the anticipated net proceeds from the sale of the Palm shares
     received in the asset sale, the amount of Be's liabilities and obligations
     and the estimate of the costs and expenses of the asset sale and Be's
     dissolution, including any resulting tax liabilities.

   . If liabilities of Be that are unknown or contingent later arise or become
     fixed in amount and must be satisfied or reserved for as part of the
     dissolution.

   . Delays in completing the asset sale or the dissolution of Be that could
     result in additional expenses and result in reductions in distributions to
     Be stockholders.

   . A decline in the value of Palm common stock between the time Be receives
     the shares of Palm stock as consideration for the asset sale and the time
     Be is reasonably able to dispose of such shares.

   For the foregoing reasons, there can be no assurance that there will be any
distributions to Be stockholders, or as to the amount of such distributions,
even if the asset sale is completed.

Be's board of directors may abandon or delay implementation of the plan of
dissolution even if it is approved by Be's stockholders.

   Be's board of directors has adopted a plan of dissolution for the
dissolution and winding-up of Be following the completion of the asset sale.
Even if the plan of dissolution is approved and adopted by Be's stockholders,
Be's board of directors has reserved the right, in its discretion, to abandon
or delay implementation of the plan of dissolution for various reasons,
including in order to permit Be to pursue (or more easily pursue) any retained
claims or causes of action.

Be's stockholders may be liable to creditors of Be for an amount up to the
amount received from Be if Be's reserves for payments to creditors are
inadequate.

   If the plan of dissolution is approved by Be's stockholders, and the board
of directors of Be determines to proceed with the dissolution of Be, a
certificate of dissolution will be filed with the State of Delaware dissolving
Be. Pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, or Delaware law, Be will
continue to exist for three years after the dissolution becomes effective or
for such longer period as the Delaware Court of Chancery shall direct for the
purpose of prosecuting and defending suits against it and enabling Be to close
its business, to dispose of its property, to discharge its liabilities and to
distribute to its stockholders any remaining assets. Under applicable Delaware
law, in the event Be fails to create an adequate contingency reserve for
payment of its expenses and liabilities during this three-year period, each Be
stockholder could be held liable for payment to Be's creditors of such
stockholder's pro rata share of amounts owed to creditors in excess of the
contingency reserve. The liability of any stockholder would be limited to the
amounts previously received by such stockholder from Be (and from any
liquidating trust or trusts). Accordingly, in such event a stockholder could be
required to return all distributions previously made to such stockholder. In
such event, a stockholder could receive nothing from Be under the plan of
dissolution. Moreover, in the event a stockholder has paid taxes on amounts
previously received, a repayment of all or a portion of such amount could
result in a stockholder incurring a net tax cost if the stockholder's repayment
of an amount previously distributed does not cause a commensurate reduction in
taxes payable. There can be no assurance that the contingency reserve
established by Be will be adequate to cover any expenses and liabilities.
However, Be intends to exercise caution in making distributions to stockholders
in order to minimize this type of risk. See "The Dissolution of Be --
Contingent Liabilities; Contingency Reserve; Liquidating Trust."

If Be fails to retain the services of current key personnel, the plan of
dissolution may not succeed.

   The success of the plan of dissolution depends in large part upon Be's
ability to retain the services of certain of its current personnel who will not
become employed by Palm at the closing, or to attract qualified replacements
for them. The retention of qualified personnel is particularly difficult under
Be's current circumstances. For this reason and others discussed below, Be has
entered into incentive arrangements with certain executive officers and
employees. See "The Dissolution of Be -- Approval of Plan of Dissolution --
Possible Effects of the Approval of the Plan of Dissolution upon Directors and
Officers of Be."

Be expects its stock to be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market in the near
future.

   Be has received a delisting notice from the Nasdaq National Market due to
its low trading price per share. However, Be plans to request a hearing before
a Nasdaq Listing Qualification Panel to review this determination. Be expects
that the delisting will occur at Nasdaq's discretion in the near future if Be
is unable to comply with Nasdaq's continued listing criteria. Be expects it
will be unable to satisfy the requirements for continued listing of its common
stock on the Nasdaq National Market. Moreover, rules of the Nasdaq National
Market require that companies listed on the Nasdaq National Market continue to
have an operating business. If Be completes its plans to conclude business
activities it will no longer have an operating business. In addition, as Be
distributes cash to its stockholders, certain other listing criteria may not be
met. If Nasdaq delists Be's common stock from the Nasdaq National Market, the
ability of stockholders to buy and sell shares will be materially impaired, and
the trading price of Be common stock may be materially impaired.

Be's board members may have a potential conflict of interest in recommending
approval of the asset sale and the plan of dissolution.

   Members of the Be board of directors may be deemed to have a potential
conflict of interest in recommending approval of the asset sale and the plan of
dissolution. See "The Asset Sale -- Interests of Some Be Officers and Directors
in the Asset Sale"; "The Dissolution of Be -- Possible Effects of the Approval
of the Plan of Dissolution Upon Directors and Officers of Be."

Risks Relating to Palm

   If Be were to be unsuccessful in liquidating for cash the Palm shares to be
received by it in the asset sale immediately following the closing of the asset
sale, it (and indirectly the stockholders of Be) would, pending the completion
of such liquidation, become subject to the risks inherent in owning common
stock of Palm. These risks include, without limitation, the following risks.
These risks could also potentially affect Palm's ability to complete the asset
sale transaction.

Company-Specific Trends and Risks:

Risks Related to Palm's Business

If Palm fails to develop and introduce new products and services timely and
successfully, Palm will not be able to compete effectively and Palm's ability
to generate revenues will suffer.

   Palm operates in a highly competitive, quickly changing environment, and
Palm's future success depends on its ability to develop and introduce new
products and services that its customers and end users choose to buy. If Palm
is unsuccessful at developing and introducing new products and services that
are appealing to end users with acceptable prices and terms, Palm's business
and operating results would be negatively impacted because Palm would not be
able to compete effectively and its ability to generate revenues would suffer.

   The development of new products and services can be very difficult and
requires high levels of innovation. The development process is also lengthy and
costly. If Palm fails to anticipate its end users' needs and technological
trends accurately or are otherwise unable to complete the development of
products and services in a timely fashion, Palm will be unable to introduce new
products and services into the market to successfully

compete. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2001, Palm
introduced its m500 and m505 handheld device products that feature a Secure
Digital expansion slot. The production release for these products was delayed
and production volumes ramped later than Palm had originally expected, which
negatively impacted Palm's fourth quarter revenues and operating results. Palm
cannot assure you that it will be able to introduce other products on a timely
or cost-effective basis or that customer demand for the m500 series or other
products will meet Palm's expectations. In addition, Microsoft has announced
that it will release later in calendar year 2001 Windows XP, a new version of
its operating system for desktop and laptop computers, and Apple has recently
released a new version of its Mac OS desktop and laptop operating system.
Demand for Palm's products could be adversely affected if Palm does not timely
release new versions of its products that interoperate with these new operating
systems, and additional development and technical support resources could be
required to fix any incompatibilities which arise, which could adversely affect
Palm's results of operations.

   Because the sales and marketing life cycle of Palm's handheld solutions is
generally 12 to 18 months or less, Palm must:

   . continue to develop updates to the Palm platform, new handheld devices and
     new wireless services, or Palm's existing products and services will
     quickly become obsolete;

   . manage the timing of new product introductions so that Palm minimizes the
     impact of customers delaying purchases of existing products in
     anticipation of new product releases;

   . manage the timing of new product introductions to meet seasonal market
     demands;

   . manage the levels of existing and older product and component inventories
     to minimize inventory write-offs; and

   . adjust the prices of Palm's products and services over the course of their
     life cycles in order to increase or maintain customer demand for these
     products and services.

If Palm does not correctly anticipate demand for its products, Palm could have
costly excess production or inventories or Palm may not be able to secure
sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of its handheld devices.

   The demand for Palm's products depends on many factors and is difficult to
forecast, in part due to the market for Palm's products being relatively new,
variations in economic conditions and relatively short product life cycles. As
Palm introduces and supports additional handheld device products and as
competition in the market for Palm's products intensifies, Palm expects that it
will become more difficult to forecast demand. Significant unanticipated
fluctuations in demand could adversely impact Palm's financial results and
cause the following problems in Palm's operations:

   . If forecasted demand does not develop, Palm could have excess production
     resulting in higher inventories of finished products and components, which
     would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some or all of the excess
     inventories, increased returns and price promotion actions each of which
     could result in lower revenue or lower gross margins. In addition, Palm
     may also incur certain costs, such as fees for excess manufacturing
     capacity and cancellation of orders and charges associated with excess and
     obsolete materials and goods in Palm's inventory, which could result in
     lower margins and increased cash usage. For example, in Palm's fourth
     quarter of fiscal year 2001, Palm's sales were lower than Palm had
     previously forecasted. Because demand was lower than the manufacturing
     quantities to which Palm had previously committed, Palm's inventory
     balances and inventory commitments were higher than Palm's forecasted
     future sales for certain products. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year
     2001, Palm took a charge of $268.9 million for excess inventory and
     related costs. Palm also implemented pricing actions in order to assist
     its channel customers in selling their Palm product inventory. These
     pricing actions lowered Palm's revenue and gross margins.

   . If demand increases beyond what Palm forecasts, Palm may have to increase
     production at its third party manufacturers. Palm depends on its suppliers
     to provide additional volumes of components and those

     suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough to meet
     unexpected demand or may choose to allocate capacity to other customers.
     Even if Palm is able to procure enough components, Palm's third party
     manufacturers might not be able to produce enough of Palm's devices to
     meet the market demand for Palm's products. The inability of either Palm's
     manufacturers or Palm's suppliers to increase production rapidly enough
     could cause Palm to fail to meet customer demand. For example, in the
     first three quarters of fiscal year 2001, Palm experienced shortages of
     some key components, which resulted in an inability to meet customer
     demand for some of Palm's products.

   . Rapid increases or decreases in production levels could result in higher
     costs for manufacturing, supply of components and other expenses. These
     higher costs could lower Palm's profits. Furthermore, if production is
     increased rapidly, manufacturing yields could decline, which may also
     lower Palm's profits.

Palm's quarterly operating results are subject to fluctuations and seasonality,
and if Palm fails to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors,
Palm's share price may decrease significantly.

   Palm's operating results are difficult to predict. Palm's future quarterly
operating results may fluctuate significantly and may not meet Palm's
expectations or those of securities analysts or investors. If this occurs, the
price of Palm's stock would likely decline. Factors that may cause fluctuations
in Palm's operating results include the following:

   . Seasonality. Historically, Palm's revenues have usually been weaker in the
     first and third quarters of each fiscal year and have, from time to time,
     been lower than the preceding quarter. This seasonality is due to Palm's
     devices being highly consumer-oriented, and consumer buying being
     traditionally lower in these quarters. In addition, Palm attempts to time
     its new product releases to coincide with relatively higher consumer
     spending in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, which contributes to
     these seasonal variations.

   . Fluctuations in Operating Expenses. Palm has embarked on a cost reduction
     and restructuring program which it expects will lower overall expenses
     beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2002. The cost reduction and
     restructuring program includes actions taken or announced in the fourth
     quarter of fiscal year 2001 to reduce Palm's workforce by approximately
     600 employees and contractors, actions taken to consolidate or reduce
     facilities, and cancellation of certain projects. Palm is also evaluating
     and taking other actions to reduce costs. To the extent that Palm is not
     able to achieve the planned expense reductions, Palm's operating results
     and ability to operate the business could be adversely impacted. It is
     possible that additional changes in the economy, in competition, or in
     Palm's business may necessitate additional restructuring activities and
     expenses in the future that may affect Palm's operating results and Palm's
     business could be adversely impacted.

   . Economic Conditions. Demand for Palm's products and services by individual
     business users as well as by enterprise customers is effected by economic
     conditions. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2001, Palm's
     business was impacted globally by an economic slowdown. In the current
     economic environment, demand is difficult to predict, and revenue could
     fluctuate significantly from Palm's forecasts.

   . Revenue Mix and Pricing. Palm's profit margins differ among the handheld
     device, Palm platform licensing and wireless services parts of Palm's
     business. In addition, the product mix and sales prices of Palm's device
     products affect profit margins in any particular quarter. The product mix
     and sales prices of Palm's device products in a particular quarter depend
     in part on the timing of new product introductions and the relative demand
     for different products in Palm's product offerings. For example, in the
     fourth quarter of fiscal year 2001, Palm offered price protection to its
     resellers in connection with Palm's reduction in the price of certain
     products, such as the Palm Vx and the Palm VIIx devices, as well as other
     pricing and promotion programs, which resulted in lower gross margins.
     Palm cannot anticipate with certainty when it will need to take actions
     such as these and its profit margins will fluctuate from quarter to
     quarter depending on the timing of such pricing and promotion actions. In
     addition, as Palm's business

     evolves and the mix of revenues from devices, licenses and services varies
     from quarter to quarter, Palm's operating results will likely fluctuate.

   . New Product Introductions and Transitions. As Palm introduces new products
     and services, the timing of these introductions will affect Palm's
     quarterly operating results. Palm may have difficulty predicting the
     timing of new product and service introductions and the user acceptance of
     these new products and services. If products and services are introduced
     earlier or later than anticipated, or if user acceptance is unexpectedly
     high or low, Palm's quarterly operating results may fluctuate
     unexpectedly. For example, Palm believes its sales were negatively
     impacted by the delay of the volume availability of the m500 and m505
     devices because potential purchasers postponed buying certain other
     products in anticipation of this availability. In addition, Palm cannot
     predict the timing of new product and service introductions from Palm's
     competitors or the level of market acceptance they will achieve. As a
     result, if a competitor introduces a product, users may delay purchasing
     Palm's products while they wait for the release of Palm's competitor's
     product or purchase Palm's competitor's product instead of Palm's, which
     would cause Palm's quarterly operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly.

   . Quarterly Linearity of Revenues. In each quarter of fiscal year 2001, Palm
     has shipped a significant and increasing percentage of Palm's quarterly
     revenues in the latter weeks of the third month of each quarter due
     primarily to issues related to component availability and manufacturing
     ramps. Shipping a high percentage of Palm's quarterly revenues near the
     end of the quarter subjects Palm to risks such as unexpected disruptions
     in component availability, manufacturing, order management, information
     systems and shipping. If a significant disruption occurs, Palm's results
     of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. In
     addition, shipping a significant portion of the quarterly revenues near
     the end of the quarter could also cause Palm's channel customers to delay
     placing new orders until later in the following quarter when they have
     reduced their inventory levels. This makes projecting quarterly results
     difficult.

   . Use of Purchase Orders with Customers. Palm relies on one-time purchase
     orders rather than long-term purchase contracts with its customers.
     Because Palm cannot predict with certainty incoming purchase orders,
     decreases in orders or failure to fulfill orders may cause Palm's
     operating results to fluctuate.

   . Product Introductions by Palm's Licensees. Palm derives licensing revenue
     from the sale of products by Palm's licensees. Because Palm cannot predict
     with certainty the timing of new product introductions by Palm's licensees
     or the level of market acceptance such products will achieve, it is
     difficult to predict the level of licensing revenue in a particular
     quarter. If one of Palm's licensees fails to introduce a new product on
     its anticipated schedule or at all, Palm's quarterly operating results
     could suffer. In addition, increased demand for Palm's licensees' products
     could negatively impact sales of Palm's handheld devices, which could
     adversely impact Palm's operating results.

Palm relies on third party manufacturers and distributors to manufacture and
distribute Palm's handheld devices, and Palm's reputation and results of
operations could be adversely affected by Palm's inability to control their
operations.

   Palm outsources all of its manufacturing to Flextronics and Manufacturers'
Services Limited ("MSL"). Palm depends on these third party manufacturers to
produce sufficient volume of Palm's products in a timely fashion and at
satisfactory quality levels. In addition, Palm relies on its third party
manufacturers to place orders with suppliers for the components they need to
manufacture Palm's products. If Palm's third party manufacturers fail to
produce quality products on time and in sufficient quantities, Palm's
reputation and results of operations would suffer. If they fail to place timely
and sufficient orders with suppliers, Palm's results of operations would
suffer. For example, in the second quarter of fiscal year 2001, one of Palm's
third party manufacturers failed to order certain components on a timely basis,
which resulted in delayed shipments and contributed to unfavorable linearity of
shipments in the quarter, and may have limited Palm's ability to further
increase revenues from the prior quarters.

   Palm depends on Flextronics to manufacture most of Palm's device products at
its facilities in Mexico and Hungary, and the rest of Palm's device products
are manufactured by MSL at its Utah facility. The cost, quality and
availability of third party manufacturing operations are essential to the
successful production and sale of Palm's handheld devices. Palm's reliance on
third parties exposes Palm to the following risks:

   . unexpected increases in manufacturing costs;

   . less ability to rapidly adjust build plans in response to changing demand
     forecasts;

   . interruptions in shipments if one of Palm's manufacturers is unable to
     complete production;

   . less ability to control quality of finished device products;

   . less ability to control delivery schedules;

   . unpredictability of manufacturing yield;

   . potential lack of adequate capacity; and

   . potential inability to control component availability and purchase
     commitments.

   Palm does not have a manufacturing agreement with Flextronics, upon whom
Palm relies to manufacture Palm's device products. Palm presently orders its
products on a purchase order basis from Flextronics. The absence of a
manufacturing agreement means that, with little or no notice, Flextronics could
refuse to continue to manufacture all or some of the units of Palm's devices
that Palm requires or change the terms under which it manufactures Palm's
device products. If Flextronics were to stop manufacturing Palm's devices, Palm
may be unable to replace the lost manufacturing capacity on a timely basis and
Palm's results of operations could be harmed. In addition, if Flextronics were
to change the terms under which they manufacture for Palm, Palm's manufacturing
costs could increase and Palm's profitability could suffer.

   In March 2001, Palm transitioned its U.S. product distribution from MSL in
Utah to Flextronics in Tennessee. This results in the physical separation of
U.S. manufacturing and distribution, which will require additional lead-time
for movement of product between manufacturing and final shipment to customers.
If the infrastructure and processes set up by Flextronics are insufficient to
meet Palm's needs or if lead-time for shipment between manufacturing and
distribution facilities is excessive, Palm may not be able to achieve required
shipment volumes which may negatively impact Palm's results of operations.

Palm depends on its suppliers, some of which are the sole source for certain
components and elements of Palm's technology, and Palm's production would be
seriously harmed if these suppliers are not able to meet Palm's demand on a
cost effective basis and alternative sources are not available.

   Palm's products contain components, including liquid crystal displays, touch
panels, memory chips and microprocessors, that are procured from a variety of
suppliers. The cost, quality and availability of components are essential to
the successful production and sale of Palm's device products. During the first
three quarters of fiscal year 2001, Palm experienced shortages of some key
components, including liquid crystal displays and related components, flash
memory chips and dynamic random access memory ("DRAM") chips.

   Some components, such as displays and related driver chips, power supply
integrated circuits, digital signal processors, microprocessors, crystals and
several radio frequency and discrete components, come from sole source
suppliers. Alternative sources are not currently available for all of these
sole source components. If suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet Palm's
demand for sole source components and if Palm is unable to obtain an
alternative source or if the price for an alternative source is prohibitive,
Palm's ability to maintain timely and cost-effective production of Palm's
handheld computing device products would be seriously harmed.

   Palm enters into agreements for the development and licensing of third party
technology to be incorporated into some of Palm's products. Palm's ability to
release and sell these products could be seriously harmed if the

third party technology is not delivered to Palm in a timely manner or contains
errors or defects which are not discovered and fixed prior to release of the
products and Palm is unable to obtain alternative technology to use in Palm's
products. Palm's inability to obtain alternative technology could result in
damage to Palm's reputation as well as lost revenues and diverted development
resources.

Palm uses third parties to provide significant operational and administrative
services, and Palm's ability to satisfy its customers and operate its business
will suffer if the level of services does not meet Palm's requirements.

   Palm uses third parties to provide services such as customer service, data
center operations and desktop computer support, and facilities services. Should
any of these third parties fail to deliver an adequate level of service, Palm's
business could suffer.

Palm does not know if the Palm platform licensing and wireless services parts
of Palm's business will be able to generate significant revenues in the future,
and Palm will continue to rely on its handheld device products as the primary
source of its revenues for the foreseeable future.

   The majority of Palm's revenues depend on the commercial success of Palm's
handheld devices, which comprise the primary product line that Palm currently
offers. Expansion of the Palm platform licensing and wireless services parts of
Palm's business have generated a small percentage of Palm's revenues. If
revenues from Palm's device business fail to meet expectations, Palm's other
business activities will likely not be able to compensate for this shortfall.
For fiscal year 2001, revenues from sales of devices constituted approximately
95% of Palm's revenues.

A significant portion of Palm's revenues currently comes from a small number of
customers, and any decrease in revenues from these customers could harm Palm's
results of operations.

   A significant portion of Palm's revenues comes from only a small number of
customers. For example, during fiscal year 2001, Ingram Micro represented
approximately 19% and Tech Data represented approximately 9% of Palm's
revenues. Palm expects that a significant portion of its revenues will continue
to depend on sales of its handheld devices to a small number of customers. Any
downturn in the business from these customers could seriously harm Palm's
revenues and results of operations.

Palm relies on distributors, retailers, and resellers to sell Palm's products,
and disruptions to these channels would adversely affect Palm's ability to
generate revenues from the sale of Palm's handheld devices.

   Palm's distributors, retailers and resellers sell products offered by Palm's
competitors. If Palm's competitors offer Palm's distributors, retailers and
resellers more favorable terms or have more products available to meet their
needs, those distributors, retailers and resellers may de-emphasize or decline
to carry Palm's products or carry Palm's competitors' products instead. In the
future, Palm may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of
qualified distributors, retailers and resellers. Further, distributors,
retailers and resellers may not recommend, or continue to recommend, Palm's
products. If Palm is unable to maintain successful relationships with
distributors, retailers and resellers or to expand Palm's distribution
channels, Palm's business will suffer.

   When Palm reduces the prices of its products to its distributors, retailers
and resellers, Palm may have to compensate them for the difference between the
higher price they paid to buy their inventory and the new lower prices. In
addition, like other manufacturers, Palm is exposed to the risk of product
returns from distributors, retailers and resellers, either through their
exercise of contractual return rights or as a result of Palm's strategic
interest in assisting them in balancing inventories.

   Because Palm sells its products primarily to distributors, retailers, and
resellers, Palm is subject to many risks, including risks related to their
inventory levels and support for Palm's products. From the fourth quarter of

fiscal year 2000 through the second quarter of fiscal year 2001, Palm was
generally unable to fully meet the demand for certain of Palm's products from
Palm's distributors, retailers, and resellers. If Palm is unable to supply its
distributors, retailers and resellers with sufficient levels of inventory to
meet customer demand, Palm's sales could be negatively impacted.

   Many of Palm's distributors, retailers and resellers are being impacted by
the current economic environment. The economic downturn could cause Palm's
distributors, retailers or resellers to modify their business practices, such
as payment terms or inventory levels, which could in turn negatively impact
Palm's balance sheet or results of operations.

   Distributors, retailers and traditional resellers experience competition
from Internet-based resellers that distribute directly to end-user customers,
and there is also competition among Internet-based resellers. Palm also sells
its products directly to end-user customers from its Palm.com web site. These
varied sales channels could cause conflict among Palm's channels of
distribution, which could seriously harm Palm's revenues and results of
operations.

If Palm is unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors,
Palm's resulting loss of competitive position could result in price reductions,
fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share.

   Palm competes in the handheld device, operating system software and wireless
services markets. The markets for these products and services are highly
competitive and Palm expects competition to increase in the future. Some of
Palm's competitors or potential competitors have significantly greater
financial, technical and marketing resources than Palm does. These competitors
may be able to respond more rapidly than Palm to new or emerging technologies
or changes in customer requirements. They may also devote greater resources to
the development, promotion and sale of their products than Palm does. For
example, several of these competitors sell or license server, desktop and/or
laptop computing products in addition to handheld computing products and may
choose to market and sell or license their handheld products at a discounted
price or give them away for free with their other products. These competitors
also may have longer and closer relationships with the senior management of
enterprise customers who decide what products and technologies will be deployed
in their enterprises. Consequently, these competitors could have a better
competitive position than Palm does, which could result in potential enterprise
customers deciding not to choose Palm's products and services, which would
adversely impact Palm's business, financial condition and results of
operations.

   . Palm's handheld computing device products compete with a variety of smart
     handheld devices, including keyboard based devices, sub-notebook
     computers, smart phones and two-way pagers. Palm's principal competitors
     include Casio, Compaq, Hewlett-Packard, Psion, Research in Motion Limited
     ("RIM"), and AOL Time Warner (which resells RIM devices), Sharp and Palm
     platform licensees such as HandEra (formerly TRG), Handspring, Kyocera,
     Samsung and Sony. In addition, companies such as Matsushita, NEC and
     Toshiba as well as several smaller companies in Asia and Europe have
     announced handheld devices they intend to sell.

   . The Palm platform competes primarily with operating systems such as
     Microsoft's Windows CE for sub-PC computers, Microsoft's Pocket PC,
     Symbian's EPOC for wireless devices, proprietary operating systems from
     companies such as Sharp Electronics, and more recently operating systems
     based on Linux. Licensees of the Palm platform are under no obligation to
     introduce new products based on Palm's operating system, and may elect not
     to use the Palm platform and instead use an alternative operating system,
     in which case Palm may not be able to increase Palm's revenues from
     licensing the Palm platform or expand the proliferation of the Palm
     economy.

   . Palm's wireless services compete with a variety of alternative
     technologies and services, such as those based on different industry
     standards for wireless access, information appliances that provide
     wireless connectivity and other traditional and developing methods.
     Competitors to Palm's wireless services

     include Go America, OmniSky, RIM and potentially other device
     manufacturers such as Sony who offer Internet services. Palm's wireless
     access business also competes indirectly with other providers of wireless
     access, ranging from dedicated Internet service providers, such as AOL
     Time Warner and Earthlink, to local phone companies and telecommunications
     carriers. Wireless email that can synchronize with corporate mail servers
     is an important offering to many enterprise customers. RIM currently has
     such an email offering, and while Palm is developing such an offering,
     Palm cannot be certain that its development efforts in this area will be
     successful or that any product offering Palm did develop would compete
     favorably in the market.

   Palm expects its competitors to continue to improve the performance of their
current products and services and to introduce new products, services and
technologies. For example, Microsoft recently introduced a new version of its
Windows CE operating system. Palm believes that Microsoft is investing
aggressively to assist its licensees in marketing handheld computers based on
Microsoft's handheld operating systems. Moreover, Microsoft has announced its
 .Net and Hailstorm Internet initiatives. If the products and services proposed
in these initiatives and similar initiatives announced by other companies are
successful in the market, the demand for products based on Palm's technologies
could decrease. Software layer technologies such as Java and Microsoft's .Net
Compact Framework might reduce Palm's ability to attract software developers
and differentiate Palm's products. Successful new product introductions or
enhancements by Palm's competitors, or increased market acceptance of competing
products, such as the Pocket PC and RIM devices or devices offered by Palm's
licensees, such as Handspring and Sony, could reduce the sales and market
acceptance of Palm's products and services, cause intense price competition or
make Palm's products obsolete. To be competitive, Palm must continue to invest
significant resources in research and development, sales and marketing and
customer support. Palm cannot be sure that it will have sufficient resources to
make these investments or that it will be able to make the technological
advances necessary to be competitive. Increased competition could result in
price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market
share. Palm's failure to compete successfully against current or future
competitors could seriously harm Palm's business, financial condition and
results of operations.

If Palm fails to effectively respond to competition from products introduced by
licensees of the Palm platform or if Palm's licensees fail to sell products
based on the Palm platform, Palm's results of operations may suffer.

   The near term success of Palm's business depends on both the sale of
handheld device products and the licensing of the Palm platform. However,
licensees of the Palm platform offer products that compete directly or
indirectly with Palm's handheld computing devices. For example, licensees such
as Handspring and Sony use the Palm platform in products that can compete with
Palm's handheld devices. In addition, the Palm platform has been licensed by
other manufacturers such as Kyocera, Nokia and Samsung for use in devices such
as mobile phones or other similar products that can compete indirectly with
Palm's handheld devices. If revenues from Palm's handheld devices suffer
because of competition from licensees of the Palm platform, Palm's results of
operations would suffer and Palm's ability to implement Palm's business model
would be seriously challenged. In addition, Palm's licensees may not be
successful in selling products based on the Palm platform or may seek
reductions in the royalties payable to Palm, which could harm Palm's business
and results of operations.

Demand for Palm's products is partially dependent upon support from third party
software and hardware developers.

   Decisions by customers to purchase Palm's handheld device products, as
opposed to competitive product offerings, are sometimes based on the
availability of third party software, hardware, accessories and other expansion
capabilities. In the future, Palm believes that in addition to its efforts to
develop products which provide expansion capabilities to handheld devices, the
level of support from third party developers will become increasingly
important. For example, Palm, as well as Palm's licensees HandEra, Handspring
and Sony, all have products that feature a hardware expansion slot. Devices
offered by other competitors also have hardware expansion slots. Palm's
operating results could suffer if third party developers focus their efforts on
developing

software or hardware for products offered by Palm's competitors, especially if
Palm is unable to offer attractive software, hardware, accessories and
expansion capabilities.

If the Secure Digital Association does not ratify the Secure Digital
input/output ("SDIO") specifications in a timely manner or if the SDIO
standards ratified by the Secure Digital Association are not favorable to third
party expansion solution developers, the deployment of third party expansion
solutions might be delayed or affected, which could negatively impact sales of
Palm's products that include Secure Digital expansion slots, such as the m500
and m505 devices.

   The Secure Digital ("SD") standards are governed by the Secure Digital
Association. The Secure Digital Association is currently reviewing the SDIO
specifications. If the specifications are not ratified by the Secure Digital
Association in a timely manner or if the specifications that are ratified are
not favorable to third party expansion solution developers, development or
deployment of SD expansion solutions for Palm's products could be negatively
affected. Furthermore, some device manufacturers may incorporate SD into their
products in a manner that is not fully compliant with the SD Association
standards, which may result in potential compatibility problems among devices
offered by different manufacturers. This possible impact on the development or
deployment of SD expansion solutions or on the timing of such development or
deployment of SD expansion solutions and their functionality could negatively
impact Palm's sales of Palm's products that include SD expansion card slots,
such as the m500 and m505 devices, which could harm Palm's business and results
of operations.

The Palm platform and Palm's handheld devices may contain errors or defects,
which could result in the rejection of Palm's products and damage to Palm's
reputation, as well as lost revenues, diverted development resources and
increased service costs and warranty claims.

   The Palm platform and Palm's devices are complex and must meet stringent
user requirements. Palm must develop Palm's software and hardware products
quickly to keep pace with the rapidly changing handheld device market. Products
and services as sophisticated as Palm's are likely to contain undetected errors
or defects, especially when first introduced or when new models or versions are
released. Palm has in the past experienced delays in releasing some models and
versions of Palm's products until problems were corrected. For example, in the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2001, the initial shipment of Palm's m500 series
of handhelds was delayed due to start-up design and manufacturing issues which
Palm needed to resolve in order to meet Palm's quality standards. Palm's
products may not be free from errors or defects after commercial shipments have
begun, which could result in the rejection of Palm's products, damage to Palm's
reputation, lost revenues, diverted development resources and increased
customer service and support costs and warranty claims. Any of these results
could harm Palm's business. For instance Palm has, in the past experienced
increased support costs related to a faulty memory component used in a limited
number of Palm's handheld devices, which required Palm to develop a software
patch to address the problem. There have been reports of computer viruses and
security gaps impacting handheld device operating systems. These viruses and
security gaps and publicity about them may adversely impact sales of Palm's
products. In particular, if anti-virus protection and solutions for security
gaps which users deem to be adequate are not developed to combat these viruses
and security gaps, this could harm Palm's business.

Palm depends on third party software as part of its Palm platform, and Palm's
ability to release next generation versions of its Palm platform would be
seriously harmed if this third party software is not available in a timely
fashion, which could result in the decreased demand for Palm's products and
damage to Palm's reputation as well as lost revenues and diverted development
resources.

   Palm licenses third party software for use in the Palm platform. In addition
to third party licensed software, Palm also enters into joint development
agreements with certain licensees of the Palm platform whereby a licensee will
develop a specific feature for the Palm OS, which Palm will then own and may
later incorporate into new releases of the Palm platform. Palm expects that
Palm will continue to license third party software and

to enter into joint development arrangements. If a third party developer or a
joint developer fails to develop software in a timely fashion or at all, Palm
may not be able to deliver certain features in Palm's products as expected or
Palm could be required to expend unexpected development costs to develop the
software itself or to use cash to obtain it from another third party. As a
result, Palm's product introductions could be delayed or Palm's offering of
features could be reduced, which could affect Palm's operating results.
Furthermore, the third party developer or joint developer may improperly use or
disclose the software, which could adversely affect Palm's competitive
position. In addition, because Palm licenses some of Palm's development tools
from third parties, Palm's business would suffer if Palm could no longer obtain
those tools from those third parties.

If Palm fails to adequately evolve its systems and processes in a changing
business environment, Palm's ability to manage Palm's business and results of
operations may be negatively impacted.

   Palm's ability to successfully offer Palm's products and implement Palm's
business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning and
management process. Palm expects that Palm will need to continue to improve
Palm's financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures.
Palm has recently implemented new transaction processing, customer relationship
management and data warehouse systems. This was a significant change to the
previous systems, and Palm intends to continue to enhance and refine these new
systems and processes, in areas such as product development and supply chain.
If Palm fails to evolve its systems and processes, Palm's ability to manage
Palm's business and results of operations may be negatively impacted. Some of
Palm's systems use the Internet to communicate information. Interruptions in
Internet availability and functionality could adversely impact the operation of
these systems and consequently Palm's results of operations.

The market for the delivery of wireless services through handheld devices is
new and rapidly evolving, and Palm's ability to generate revenues from handheld
devices, Palm platform licensing or wireless services could suffer if this
market does not develop or Palm fails to address this market effectively.

   Palm must continue to adapt Palm's wireless services strategy to compete in
the rapidly evolving wireless services market. Palm currently offers its
Palm.Net service, a subscription-based wireless access service that enables
users of the Palm VII family of handheld devices to access web-clipped content
on the Internet. In addition, Palm offers its MyPalm portal, which enables
users to sync with a datebook on the web and provides other services to the
handheld user. Competitors have introduced or developed, or are in the process
of introducing or developing, competing wireless services accessible through a
variety of handheld devices and other information appliances. Palm cannot
assure you that there will be demand for the wireless services provided by Palm
or that individuals will widely adopt Palm's handheld devices as a means of
accessing wireless services. Accordingly, it is extremely difficult to predict
which products and services will be successful in this market or the future
size and growth of this market. In addition, given the limited history and
rapidly evolving nature of this market, Palm cannot predict the price that
wireless subscribers will be willing to pay for these products and services. If
acceptance of Palm's wireless services and solutions is less than anticipated,
Palm's results from operations could be impacted.

Palm may not be able to deliver or expand wireless access if Palm's wireless
carrier raises its rates, discontinues doing business with Palm or does not
deliver acceptable service or if Palm fails to provide Palm's services on
additional carrier networks.

   The future success of Palm's wireless services business substantially
depends on the capacity, affordability, reliability and security of wireless
networks. Only a small number of wireless providers offer the network services
Palm requires. Palm currently relies on Cingular Wireless (formerly BellSouth
Wireless Data) to provide all of its Palm VII and Palm VIIx handheld wireless
network services pursuant to an agreement. Palm's agreement with Cingular
Wireless permits each party to terminate the agreement on an annual basis. If
Cingular Wireless failed to provide Palm with service at rates acceptable to
Palm or at all, Palm may not be able to provide wireless access to Palm's
users. If Cingular Wireless delivers unacceptable service, the quality of
Palm's wireless

services would suffer and Palm would likely lose users who are dissatisfied
with Palm's service. For example, Palm is aware that Cingular Wireless, like
other wireless carriers, has experienced service outages from time to time in
their wireless data network. In addition, the Palm VII series of products are
configured around the frequency standard used by Cingular Wireless. If Palm
needed to switch to another wireless carrier, Palm would have to redesign
significant portions of Palm's software and hardware to permit transmission on
a different frequency. Users of Palm VII series products existing before the
redesign would not be able to access the service provided by the new wireless
carrier. If Palm was required to redesign these elements, Palm's business could
be adversely affected.

   Palm's wireless services strategy depends on Palm's ability to develop new
wireless access devices that operate on additional wireless networks other than
Cingular Wireless in the U.S. Palm may be unsuccessful at building
relationships with additional carriers, and Palm may not be successful at
developing new devices that operate on other wireless networks. If Palm fails
in either of these ways, Palm's ability to expand Palm's wireless services
business and, therefore, Palm's results of operations will suffer.

Palm may not be able to successfully expand Palm's wireless services into
international markets.

   Cingular Wireless provides the wireless data services on which the Palm VII
series handhelds operate only in the United States. Palm intends to expand its
wireless services internationally, but doing so will require Palm to enter into
new relationships with wireless providers abroad. Palm may not be able to enter
into relationships on favorable terms to Palm with international wireless
carriers. In addition, because many international wireless carriers use
different standards and transmit data on different frequencies than Cingular
Wireless, Palm is likely to incur incremental expenses related to the redesign
of certain portions of Palm's software and hardware. Palm's products may be
subject to a lengthy certification process with each wireless carrier with whom
Palm seeks to enter into a relationship. These certification requirements could
delay expanding Palm's wireless services into international markets. In
addition, in order to expand Palm's wireless services internationally, Palm
needs to offer localized information and services that are appealing to users
in each new geographic region. If Palm fails to offer localized content for
Palm's wireless services in an area, Palm's ability to sell wireless services
in that area will be seriously constrained.

Palm's reputation and ability to generate revenues will be harmed if demand for
Palm's wireless services exceeds Palm's telecommunications and network
capacity.

   Palm may from time to time experience increases in Palm's Internet wireless
services usage which exceed Palm's available telecommunications capacity and
the capacity of Palm's third party network servers. As a result, users may be
unable to register or log on to Palm's service, may experience a general
slow-down in their Internet access or may be disconnected from their sessions.
Excessive user demand could also result in system failures of Palm's third
party network servers' networks. Inaccessibility, interruptions or other
limitations on the ability to access Palm's service due to excessive user
demand, or any failure of Palm's third party network servers to handle user
traffic, could have an adverse effect on Palm's reputation and Palm's revenues.

If the security of Palm's websites is compromised, Palm's reputation could
suffer and customers may not be willing to use Palm's services, which could
cause Palm's revenues to decline.

   A significant barrier to widespread use of electronic commerce sites and
network services sites, such as the Palm.com and Palm.Net sites, is concern for
the security of confidential information transmitted over public networks.
Despite Palm's efforts to protect the integrity of the Palm.com and Palm.Net
sites, a party may be able to circumvent Palm's security measures and could
misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in Palm's
operations and damage Palm's reputation. Any such action could negatively
affect Palm's customers' willingness to engage in online commerce with Palm or
purchase wireless services from Palm, which could harm Palm's revenues and
results of operations. In addition, Palm may be required to expend significant
capital and other resources to protect against these security breaches or to
alleviate problems caused by these breaches.

Palm may not be able to maintain and expand Palm's business if Palm is not able
to hire, retain, integrate and motivate sufficient qualified personnel.

   Palm's future success depends to a significant extent on the continued
contribution of Palm's key executive, technical, sales, marketing, supply chain
and administrative personnel. It also depends on Palm's ability to expand,
integrate and retain Palm's management team. The loss of services of key
employees could adversely affect Palm's business, operating results or
financial condition. In addition, recruiting and retaining skilled personnel,
including software and hardware engineers, is highly competitive, particularly
in the San Francisco Bay Area where Palm is headquartered. Further, Palm's
common stock price has been, and may continue to be, extremely volatile. When
Palm's common stock price is less than the exercise price of stock options
granted to employees, turnover may increase, which could harm Palm's results of
operations or financial condition. If Palm fails to retain, hire and integrate
qualified employees and contractors, Palm will not be able to maintain and
expand Palm's business. In addition, Palm must carefully balance the growth of
Palm's employee base with Palm's anticipated revenue base. If Palm's revenue
growth or attrition levels vary significantly, Palm's results of operations or
financial condition could be adversely affected.

   Palm has recently initiated reductions in Palm's workforce of approximately
600 employees and contractors. These reductions have resulted in reallocations
of employee duties which could result in employee and contractor uncertainty.
Reductions in Palm's workforce could make it difficult to motivate and retain
the remaining employees and contractors, which would affect Palm's ability to
deliver Palm's products in a timely fashion and otherwise negatively affect
Palm's business.

Third parties have claimed and may claim in the future Palm is infringing their
intellectual property, and Palm could suffer significant litigation or
licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products if these claims are
successful.

   In the course of Palm's business, Palm frequently receives claims of
infringement or otherwise become aware of potentially relevant patents or other
intellectual property rights held by other parties. Palm evaluates the validity
and applicability of these intellectual property rights, and determine in each
case whether Palm must negotiate licenses or cross-licenses to incorporate or
use the proprietary technologies in Palm's products. Third parties may claim
that Palm or Palm's customers or Palm platform licensees are infringing or
contributing to the infringement of their intellectual property rights, and
Palm may be found to infringe or contribute to the infringement of those
intellectual property rights and require a license to use those rights. Palm
may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of
Palm's technology, products and services.

   Any litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be
costly and time-consuming, and divert Palm's management and key personnel from
Palm's business operations. The complexity of the technology involved and the
uncertainty of intellectual property litigation increase these risks. Claims of
intellectual property infringement might also require Palm to enter into costly
royalty or license agreements or indemnify Palm's customers or Palm platform
licensees. However, Palm may not be able to obtain royalty or license
agreements on terms acceptable to Palm, or at all. Palm also may be subject to
significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of Palm's
products.

   Palm often relies on licenses of intellectual property for use in Palm's
business. Palm cannot assure you that these licenses will be available in the
future on favorable terms or at all.

   On April 28, 1997, Xerox Corporation filed suit against U.S. Robotics
Corporation and U.S. Robotics Access Corp. in the United States District Court
for the Western District of New York. The case came to be captioned: Xerox
Corporation v. U.S. Robotics Corporation, U.S. Robotics Access Corp., Palm
Computing, Inc. and 3Com Corporation, Civil Action No. 97-CV-6182T. The
complaint alleged willful infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,596,656, entitled
"Unistrokes for Computerized Interpretation of Handwriting." The complaint
sought unspecified damages and to permanently enjoin the defendants from
infringing the patent in the future. In an Order entered on June 6, 2000, the
U.S. District Court granted the defendants' motion for summary judgment

of non-infringement and dismissed the case in its entirety. Xerox appealed the
dismissal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit as Appeal No.
00-1464. The appeal has been fully briefed. Oral argument was held on August 7,
2001.

   On February 28, 2000, E-Pass Technologies, Inc. filed suit against "3Com,
Inc." in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
and later filed on March 6, 2000 an amended complaint against Palm and 3Com.
The case is now captioned E-Pass Technologies, Inc. v. 3Com Corporation, a/k/a
3Com, Inc. and Palm, Inc. (Civil Action No. 00 CIV 1523). The amended complaint
alleges willful infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,276,311, entitled "Method and
Device for Simplifying the Use of Credit Cards, or the Like." The complaint
seeks unspecified compensatory and treble damages and to permanently enjoin the
defendants from infringing the patent in the future. The case was transferred
to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The U.S.
District Court has scheduled a Markman hearing for October 25, 2001 to
determine the meaning of certain terms used in the claims of the patent in
suit. No trial date has been set.

   On May 2, 2000, Rotis Technologies Corporation filed suit against Palm and
two other defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
Texas. The case is captioned Rotis Technologies Corporation v. Track Data
Corporation, Palm, Inc. and Sprint FON Group (Case No. 300CV-931-L). The
complaint alleges infringement of U.S. Patent No. 4,473,824 entitled "Price
Quotation System." The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory and treble
damages and to permanently enjoin the defendants from infringing the patent in
the future. No trial date has been set.

   On March 14, 2001, NCR Corporation filed suit against Palm and Handspring,
Inc. in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The case
is captioned, NCR Corporation v. Palm, Inc. and Handspring, Inc. (Civil Action
No. 01-169). The complaint alleges infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 4,634,845
and 4,689,478, entitled, respectively, "Portable Personal Terminal for Use in a
System for Handling Transactions" and "System for Handling Transactions
Including a Portable Personal Terminal." The complaint seeks unspecified
compensatory and treble damages and to permanently enjoin the defendants from
infringing the patents in the future. No trial date has been set.

   In connection with Palm's separation from 3Com, pursuant to the terms of the
Indemnification and Insurance Matters Agreement between 3Com and Palm, Palm
agreed to indemnify and hold 3Com harmless for any damages or losses which
might arise out of the Xerox, E-Pass, and Rotis litigation.

If third parties infringe Palm's intellectual property, Palm may expend
significant resources enforcing Palm's rights or suffer competitive injury.

   Palm's success depends in large part on Palm's proprietary technology. Palm
relies on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets,
confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect
Palm's proprietary rights. If Palm fails to protect or to enforce Palm's
intellectual property rights successfully, Palm's competitive position could
suffer, which could harm Palm's operating results.

   Palm's pending patent and trademark registration applications may not be
allowed or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of these patent
applications or trademark registrations. In addition, Palm's patents may not
provide Palm a significant competitive advantage.

   Palm may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and police
Palm's intellectual property rights. Palm may not be able to detect
infringement and may lose competitive position in the market before Palm does
so. In addition, competitors may design around Palm's technology or develop
competing technologies. Intellectual property rights may also be unavailable or
limited in some foreign countries, which could make it easier for competitors
to capture market share.

   On July 22, 1999, Palm filed a copyright infringement action against
Olivetti Office USA, Inc. and CompanionLink Software, Inc. in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California alleging

that Olivetti's "Royal daVinci" handheld device and the daVinci OS Software
Development Kit (distributed by CompanionLink) contained source code copied
from the Palm OS operating system. Palm obtained a preliminary injunction
against further distribution, sale, import or export of any product containing
source code or object code copied or derived from the Palm OS operating system.
The injunction is to remain in effect pending the outcome of the lawsuit. Palm
also initiated a copyright infringement action in Hong Kong on July 21, 1999,
against EchoLink Design, Ltd., the company responsible for developing the
operating system software contained in the Olivetti daVinci devices that are
the subject of the action against Olivetti in the Northern District of
California. The High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
issued an order the same day restraining EchoLink from further copying,
distribution, sale, import or export of Palm OS operating system source code or
EchoLink's "NEXUS OS" source code, which Palm maintains infringes Palm's
copyrights. Kessel Electronics (H.K.), Limited, which supplied Olivetti with
the daVinci devices, was subsequently added to the Hong Kong action. Kessel
consented to an injunction against reproducing, copying, importing, exporting,
distributing, or making available to the public any software contained in
certain files of the Palm OS source code or object code. By letter dated
October 7, 1999, 3Com notified certain third party retailers about the
preliminary injunction order issued against Olivetti and CompanionLink. On
October 5, 2000, Olivetti filed an action against Palm and 3Com in the Superior
Court of California, Santa Clara County, for unfair competition, intentional
interference with potential economic advantage, libel and trade libel, based
upon certain statements that were allegedly made, or that 3Com allegedly
omitted to make, in the October 7, 1999 letter. In addition, Olivetti has filed
the identical action, as counterclaims and third-party claims against Palm and
3Com, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
California. Palm and 3Com filed a motion to strike Olivetti's state court
complaint under California's anti-SLAPP statute. On April 3, 2001, the Superior
Court granted Palm's and 3Com's motion. Olivetti has appealed from the order
granting the motion to strike. Olivetti's identical claims against Palm (and
3Com) have been stayed in the federal action pending Olivetti's appeal of the
state court ruling dismissing Olivetti's claims.

   In connection with Palm's separation from 3Com, pursuant to the terms of the
Indemnification and Insurance Matters Agreement between 3Com and Palm, Palm
agreed to indemnify and hold 3Com harmless for any damages or losses which
might arise out of the Olivetti litigation.

   In the past, there have been thefts of computer equipment from Palm and
Palm's employees. This computer equipment has contained proprietary
information. Palm has formulated a security plan to reduce the risk of any
future thefts and has cooperated with state and federal law enforcement
officials in an investigation of past incidents. Palm may not be successful in
preventing future thefts, or in preventing those responsible for past thefts
from using Palm's technology to produce competing products. The unauthorized
use of Palm technology by competitors could have a material adverse effect on
Palm's ability to sell Palm's products in some markets.

Palm's future results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and
other risks associated with international sales and operations.

   Since Palm sells its products worldwide, Palm's business is subject to risks
associated with doing business internationally. Palm anticipates that revenues
from international operations will represent an increasing portion of Palm's
total revenues over time. In addition, several of the facilities where Palm's
devices are manufactured and distributed are located outside the United States.
Accordingly, Palm's future results could be harmed by a variety of factors,
including:

   . changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

   . changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic
     conditions, particularly in emerging markets;

   . trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;

   . potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws;

   . difficulty in managing widespread sales and manufacturing operations;

   . difficulty in managing a geographically dispersed workforce in compliance
     with diverse local laws and customs; and

   . less effective protection of intellectual property.

   Although substantially all of Palm's revenues are denominated in U.S.
dollars, Palm is subject to changes in demand for Palm's products resulting
from exchange rate fluctuations that make Palm's products relatively more or
less expensive in international markets. If exchange rate fluctuations occur,
Palm's business could be harmed by decreases in demand for Palm's products or
reductions in gross margins.

Palm may pursue strategic acquisitions and investments which could have an
adverse impact on Palm's business if unsuccessful.

   Within the last fifteen months, Palm has acquired peanutpress.com, WeSync,
AnyDay, and Actual Software. Palm evaluates other acquisition opportunities
that could provide Palm with additional product or services offerings or
additional industry expertise. Acquisitions could result in difficulties
assimilating acquired operations and products, and result in the diversion of
capital and management's attention away from other business issues and
opportunities. Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related
to integration of technology and management teams. Palm's management has had
limited experience in assimilating acquired organizations and products into
Palm's operations. Palm may not successfully integrate operations, personnel or
products that Palm has acquired or may acquire in the future. If Palm fails to
successfully integrate acquisitions, Palm's business could be materially
harmed. In addition, Palm's acquisitions may not be successful in achieving
Palm's desired strategic objectives, which would also cause Palm's business to
suffer. For example, in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2001, Palm had to
record a charge of approximately $47.7 million in connection with the
impairment of certain intangibles as a result of Palm's reduced expectations
for revenue and cashflows from Palm's web calendaring associated with Palm's
acquisition of AnyDay. These transactions may result in the diversion of
capital and management's attention away from other business issues and
opportunities.

   In addition, Palm has made strategic venture investments in other companies
which provide products and services which are complementary to Palm's products
and services. If these investments are unsuccessful, this could have an adverse
impact on Palm's results of operations and financial position.

Palm's ability to pursue mergers and acquisitions may be limited.

   3Com has obtained a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service that the
distribution of 3Com's shares of Palm common stock to 3Com's stockholders will
not be taxable. This ruling could be revoked if either 3Com or Palm, through
July 27, 2002, engaged in certain transactions that would constitute a change
of more than 50% of the equity interest in either company and that transaction
was deemed to be related to Palm's separation from 3Com in 2000. Consequently,
Palm's ability to engage in mergers and acquisitions could be limited. If
either 3Com or Palm takes any action that causes the ruling to be revoked,
there would be material adverse consequences, potentially including making the
distribution taxable, and causing the company that was responsible for the
revocation to indemnify the other company for any resulting damages.

Palm intends to form a wholly-owned subsidiary to contain its business relating
to the Palm platform and Palm's licensing strategy, which will utilize Palm's
time and money and could distract personnel from other business issues.

   On July 27, 2001, Palm announced its intention to form a wholly-owned
subsidiary to contain Palm's business relating to the Palm platform by the end
of calendar year 2001. Palm expects that it will need to change Palm's business
practices, financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures
to implement the formation of this subsidiary. The planning and implementation
of this subsidiary could result in the diversion of capital and Palm's
attention away from other business issues or opportunities, which could
adversely affect Palm's business. If Palm does not successfully implement this
subsidiary, Palm's licensing strategy, the Palm

platform share and Palm's competitiveness in the handheld solutions space could
be negatively impacted, which could adversely affect Palm's business, financial
position or results of operations.

Palm's flexibility to operate its business may be constrained by the
requirements of its credit facility.

   In June 2001, Palm obtained a $150 million asset-backed, borrowing-base
credit facility from a group of financial institutions. This credit facility
requires Palm to obtain the prior consent of the lenders before Palm engages in
actions specified in the borrowing agreement such as incurring certain
indebtedness, making certain investments or distributions, making certain
acquisitions, making certain capital expenditures or causing a change in
control of Palm. If Palm is unable to obtain its lenders' consent, Palm will be
unable to take certain actions and its business may suffer. In addition, the
credit facility confers additional rights on Palm's lenders in the event of a
default which could cause Palm to suffer adverse financial and business
consequences. To date, Palm has not drawn on this credit facility.

Business interruptions could adversely affect Palm's business.

   Palm's operations and those of Palm's suppliers and customers are vulnerable
to interruption by fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure and
other events beyond Palm's control. Palm's facilities and those of Palm's
suppliers and customers in the State of California may be subject to electrical
blackouts as a consequence of a shortage of available electrical power. Such
electrical blackouts could disrupt the operations of Palm's affected facilities
and those of Palm's suppliers and customers. In addition, the business
interruption insurance Palm carries may not be sufficient to compensate Palm
fully for losses or damages that may occur as a result of such events. Any such
losses or damages incurred by Palm could have a material adverse effect on
Palm's business.

Risks Related to Palm's Separation from 3Com

Palm's historical financial information may not be representative of Palm's
future results.

   Through February 25, 2000, Palm's consolidated financial statements were
carved out from the consolidated financial statements of 3Com using the
historical results of operations and historical bases of the assets and
liabilities of the 3Com handheld computing business that Palm comprised.
Accordingly, the historical financial information does not necessarily reflect
what Palm's financial position, results of operations and cash flows would have
been had Palm been a separate, stand-alone entity during the periods presented.
Through February 2000, 3Com did not account for Palm and Palm was not operated
as a separate, stand-alone entity for the periods presented. From March 2000
through May 2001, Palm incurred various costs related to transitional services
procured from 3Com. These costs were decreasing during this time period as Palm
established its own infrastructure.

   Palm's historical costs and expenses through February 2000 include
allocations from 3Com for centralized corporate services and infrastructure
costs, including legal, accounting, treasury, real estate, information
technology, distribution, customer service, sales, marketing and engineering.
These allocations were determined on bases that 3Com and Palm considered to be
reasonable reflections of the utilization of services provided to or the
benefit received by Palm. Beginning from March 2000, Palm's costs and expenses
included a variety of transitional services provided by 3Com to Palm while Palm
was developing its own infrastructure capabilities. The historical financial
information is not necessarily indicative of what Palm's results of operations,
financial position and cash flows will be in the future.

Palm may have potential business conflicts of interest with 3Com with respect
to Palm's past and ongoing relationships and may not resolve these conflicts on
the most favorable terms to Palm.

   Conflicts of interest could arise between 3Com and Palm in a number of areas
relating to Palm's past relationships, including:

   . tax and indemnification matters arising from Palm's separation from 3Com;

   . intellectual property matters; and

   . employee recruiting.

   These relationships were formed in the context of a parent-subsidiary
relationship and negotiated in the overall context of Palm's separation from
3Com. Palm may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts on terms most
favorable to Palm. Nothing restricts 3Com from competing with Palm.

  Risks Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Palm's Common Stock

Palm's common stock price may be subject to significant fluctuations and
volatility.

   Palm's common stock has been publicly traded since March 2, 2000. The market
price of Palm's common stock has been subject to significant fluctuations since
the date of Palm's initial public offering. These fluctuations could continue.
Among the factors that could affect Palm's stock price are:

   . quarterly variations in Palm's operating results;

   . changes in revenues or earnings estimates or publication of research
     reports by analysts;

   . speculation in the press or investment community;

   . strategic actions by Palm or Palm's competitors, such as new product
     announcements, acquisitions or restructuring;

   . actions by institutional stockholders;

   . general market conditions; and

   . domestic and international economic factors unrelated to Palm's
     performance.

   The stock markets in general, and the markets for high technology stocks in
particular, have experienced high volatility that has often been unrelated to
the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market
fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of Palm's common stock.

Provisions in Palm's charter documents and Delaware law and Palm's adoption of
a stockholder rights plan may delay or prevent acquisition of Palm, which could
decrease the value of Palm shares.

   Palm's certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law contain
provisions that could make it harder for a third party to acquire Palm without
the consent of Palm's board of directors. These provisions include a classified
board of directors and limitations on actions by Palm's stockholders by written
consent. Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other
business combinations between Palm and any holder of 15% or more of Palm's
outstanding common stock. In addition, Palm's board of directors has the right
to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to
dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer. Although Palm
believes these provisions provide for an opportunity to receive a higher bid by
requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with Palm's board of directors,
these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some
stockholders.

   Palm's board of directors adopted a stockholder rights plan, pursuant to
which Palm declared and paid a dividend of one right for each share of common
stock held by stockholders of record as of November 6, 2000. Unless redeemed by
Palm prior to the time the rights are exercised, upon the occurrence of certain
events, the rights will entitle the holders to receive upon exercise thereof
shares of Palm's preferred stock, or shares of an acquiring entity, having a
value equal to twice the then-current exercise price of the right. The issuance
of the rights could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in
control of Palm.

                         ADDITIONAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

   On August 7, 2001, a purported consumer class action lawsuit was filed
against Palm and 3Com Corporation in California Superior Court, San Francisco
County. The case is captioned Connelly v. Palm, Inc., 3Com Corp et al (Case No.
323587). An Amended Complaint was filed and served on Palm on August 15, 2001.
The Amended Complaint, filed on behalf of purchasers of Palm III, IIIc, V and
Vx handhelds, alleges that certain Palm handhelds may cause damage to PC
motherboards by permitting an electrical charge, or "floating voltage," from
either the handheld or the cradle to be introduced into the PC via the serial
and/or the USB port on the PC. Allegedly this damage is the result of a design
defect in one or more of the following: HoySync software, handheld, cradle
and/or the connection cable. The complaint seeks restitution, rescission,
damages, an injunction mandating corrective measures to protect against future
damage as well as notifying users of potential harm. No answer has yet been
filed and no trial date has been set. In connection with Palm's separation from
3Com, pursuant to the terms of the Indemnification and Insurance Matters
Agreement between 3Com and Palm, Palm will indemnify and hold 3Com harmless for
any damages or losses which may arise out of this lawsuit.

   Other litigation matters and legal proceedings are set forth in the legal
proceedings sections of Palm's SEC filings, which are incorporated herein by
reference.

                    THE SPECIAL MEETING OF BE STOCKHOLDERS

When and Where the Special Meeting Will Be Held

   This proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to Be stockholders as
part of the solicitation of proxies by the Be board of directors for use at the
special meeting of Be stockholders to be held on      , 2001, at a.m. local
time, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes set forth
in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the accompanying notice of special
meeting. The special meeting will be held at Holbrook Palmer Park - The
Pavilion, 150 Watkins Avenue, Atherton, CA 94027. Be intends to mail this proxy
statement/prospectus and accompanying proxy card on or about      , 2001, to
all stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting.

What Will Be Voted Upon

   The purpose of the special meeting is to consider and vote upon the
following proposals:

   . to approve the sale by Be of substantially all of Be's intellectual
     property and other technology assets, including those related to the BeOS
     and BeIA operating systems, to a Palm subsidiary pursuant to the asset
     purchase agreement; and

   . to approve the dissolution and the adoption of the plan of dissolution.

   The Be board of directors does not presently intend to bring any business
before the Be meeting other than the specific proposals referred to above and
specified in the notice of the special meeting. The Be board of directors knows
of no other matters that are to be brought before the special meeting. If any
other business properly comes before the special meeting, including the
consideration of a motion to adjourn such meeting (including for purposes of
soliciting additional votes), it is the intention of the persons named in the
enclosed form of proxy to vote the shares they represent as the Be board of
directors may recommend.

   The matters to be considered at the special meeting are of great importance
to the stockholders of Be. Accordingly, stockholders are urged to read and
carefully consider the information presented in this proxy
statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign and promptly return the
enclosed proxy in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.

Which Stockholders May Vote

   Only holders of record of Be's common stock at the close of business on
September 12, 2001, the record date for the special meeting, will be entitled
to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. At the close of business on
the record date, Be had outstanding and entitled to vote    shares of common
stock, held of record by   stockholders. A majority, or   , of these shares,
present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at the special meeting.

   Each holder of record of common stock on such date will be entitled to one
vote for each share held on all matters to be voted upon at the special
meeting.

Abstentions; Broker Non-Votes

   All votes will be tabulated by the inspector of elections appointed for the
special meeting, who will separately tabulate affirmative and negative votes,
abstentions and broker non-votes. Abstentions will be counted towards the
tabulation of votes cast on proposals presented to the stockholders and will
have the same effect as negative votes. Broker non-votes are counted towards a
quorum, and will also have the same effect as negative votes, but are not
counted for any purpose in determining whether a matter has been approved.

Vote Required to Approve Each Proposal

   Under Delaware law and the charter documents of Be, approval of the asset
sale pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, as well as the dissolution and
adoption of the plan of dissolution, requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Be common stock. Each Be stockholder is
entitled to one vote for each share held on the close of business on the record
date, on each matter properly submitted for the vote of stockholders at the
special meeting. The right to vote is exercisable, in person or by properly
executed proxy.

Voting by Be's Executive Officers and Directors

   Pursuant to stockholder support agreements and related irrevocable proxies
executed by all of Be's executive officers and directors, 4,961,070 outstanding
shares of Be common stock (which excludes shares subject to stock options)
beneficially owned by them and their affiliates on August 16, 2001
(representing approximately 14% of the total number of shares of Be common
stock outstanding at that date), will be voted for approval of the asset sale
and the dissolution.

Voting Via the Internet, by Fax or by Telephone

   Stockholders may grant a proxy to vote their shares on the Internet by fax
or by telephone. The law of Delaware, under which Be is incorporated,
specifically permits electronically transmitted proxies, provided that each
such proxy contains or is submitted with information from which the inspectors
of election can determine that such proxy was authorized by the stockholder.

   Votes submitted via the Internet, by fax, or by telephone must be received
by 9:00 p.m., California time on , 2001. Submitting your proxy via the
Internet, by fax or by telephone will not affect your right to vote in person
should you decide to attend the special meeting.

   The Internet, fax and telephone voting procedures below are designed to
authenticate stockholders' identities, to allow stockholders to grant a proxy
to vote their shares and to confirm that stockholders' instructions have been
recorded properly. Stockholders voting via the Internet should understand that
there may be costs associated with electronic access, such as usage charges
from Internet access providers and telephone companies, that must be borne by
the stockholder.

  For Shares Registered in Your Name

   Be stockholders of record may go to http://www.votefast.com to grant a proxy
to vote their shares by means of the Internet. They will be required to provide
their control number contained on their proxy card. The voter will then be
asked to complete an electronic proxy card. The votes represented by such proxy
will be generated on the computer screen and the voter will be prompted to
submit or revise them as desired. Be stockholders of record using a touch-tone
telephone may also grant a proxy to vote shares by calling 1-800-250-9081 and
following the recorded instructions, and may also vote by fax by marking,
signing and dating their proxy card and faxing it to 1-412-299-9191.

  For Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker or Bank

   A number of brokers and banks are participating in a program provided
through ADP Investor Communication Services that offers telephone and Internet
voting options. If your shares are held in an account with a broker or bank
participating in the ADP Investor Communication Services program, you may vote
those shares telephonically by calling the telephone number shown on the voting
form received from your broker or bank, or via the Internet at ADP Investor
Communication Services' voting Web site http://www.proxyvote.com.

Revocability of Proxies

   Any person giving a proxy pursuant to this solicitation has the power to
revoke it at any time before it is voted. It may be revoked by filing with the
Secretary of Be at Be's principal executive office, 800 El Camino Real, Suite
400, Menlo Park, CA 94025, a written notice of revocation or a duly executed
proxy bearing a later date, or it may be revoked by attending the special
meeting and voting in person. Attendance at the special meeting will not, by
itself, revoke a proxy.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses of Solicitation

   Be will bear the cost of solicitation of proxies, including preparation,
assembly, printing and mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus, the proxy
card and any additional information furnished to stockholders. Copies of
solicitation materials will be furnished to banks, brokerage houses,
fiduciaries and custodians holding in their names shares of Be common stock
beneficially owned by others to forward to such beneficial owners. Be may
reimburse persons representing beneficial owners of Be common stock for their
costs of forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Original
solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, telegram or
personal solicitation by directors, officers or other regular employees of Be.
No additional compensation will be paid to directors, officers or other regular
employees for such services.

   Be has retained N.S. Taylor & Associates, Inc. to assist in the solicitation
of proxies at a cost of approximately $6,500 plus reasonable expenses.

Deadline for Receipt of Stockholder Proposals at Annual Meeting

   Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, a stockholder intending to present a proposal to be included in Be's
proxy statement for its 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, if an annual
meeting is held, must have delivered a proposal in writing to its executive
offices no later than December 25, 2001. If a stockholder does not seek to have
a proposal included in the proxy statement, but nevertheless wishes to present
a proposal or nomination at the annual meeting, written notice of the proposal
or nomination must be received by the secretary of Be at its principal
executive offices not later than the close of business on the 60th day nor
earlier than the close of business on the 90th day before that meeting and must
satisfy other detailed requirements specified in Be's bylaws. However, in the
event that fewer than 65 days prior notice of the 2002 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders is given to stockholders, notice of any stockholder proposals to
be presented at that meeting must be delivered to Be's secretary not later than
the close of business on the seventh day following the day on which the notice
to stockholders was mailed.

                                THE ASSET SALE

   This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes material aspects of
the asset sale. While Palm and Be believe that the description covers the
material terms of the asset sale, this summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to you. You should carefully read this entire
proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents referred to in this proxy
statement/prospectus for a more complete understanding of the asset sale.
Unless otherwise indicated, references to Palm include Palm and its
subsidiaries, including ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation.

General

   The Be board of directors is proposing that the sale of assets of Be
pursuant to the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 16, 2001, as
amended and restated as of September 10, 2001, by and among Be, Palm and ECA
Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Palm, be approved by its stockholders at the special meeting. The form of the
asset purchase agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement/prospectus.

   On August 16, 2001, the Be board of directors authorized the execution of
the asset purchase agreement with Palm, a Delaware corporation headquartered in
Santa Clara, California, and ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation. Under the
terms of the asset purchase agreement, Be will sell substantially all of its
intellectual property and other technology assets, including those related to
its BeOS and BeIA operating systems, to Palm and will receive that number of
shares of Palm common stock equal to the quotient determined by dividing
$11,000,000 by the opening price of Palm common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq
National Market on the closing date of the transaction, subject to adjustment.
Be intends to sell for cash the Palm shares received in the transaction
immediately following the closing, and accordingly, such shares will not be
distributed to the stockholders of Be. There is no assurance that the asset
sale will be completed. Certain material terms of the asset purchase agreement
and features of the asset sale are summarized below. Stockholders should read
the asset purchase agreement in its entirety.

Background of the Asset Sale

   The terms and conditions of the asset purchase agreement and the asset sale
are the result of arm's length negotiations between the representatives of Palm
and the representatives of Be. Set forth below is a summary of the background
of these negotiations.

   On June 22, 2000, Palm and Be signed a mutual nondisclosure agreement in
connection with a potential licensing arrangement between the parties. At such
time, there were no discussions with respect to the type of transaction
ultimately embodied by the asset purchase agreement between the parties that is
the subject of this proxy statement/prospectus.

   Between April 2000 and July 2001, as described more fully in the section of
this proxy statement/prospectus entitled "The Dissolution of Be -- Background
and Reasons for the Dissolution of Be", Be through its board of directors,
officers and third party advisors took extensive actions over a lengthy period
of time in their efforts to evaluate and pursue alternatives for the company
that would maximize value for Be's stockholders and which would otherwise be in
the best interests of Be's stockholders.

   In May 2001, Palm began exploring opportunities to strengthen its Platform
Solutions Group, or PSG, by complementing and enhancing its technology
portfolio, engineering ranks and platform roadmap. At that time, Palm
established an internal project to explore viable alternatives to increase
PSG's strategic opportunities, which ultimately led to the approval of the
asset purchase by Palm's board of directors.

   On May 16, 2001, Eric Benhamou, Palm's Chairman, and Jean-Louis Gassee, Be's
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, met to explore the potential for PSG to
utilize Be's operating systems software components and technical resources to
increase PSG's strategic opportunity.

   During the week of May 21, 2001, members of Palm's senior management,
including Carl Yankowski, Chief Executive Officer, Doug Solomon, Senior Vice
President and Chief Strategy Officer, and Robert Hayes, Director, Palm
Ventures, held several meetings with members of Be's senior management,
including Mr. Gassee and Steve Sakoman, Chief Operating Officer, to discuss
further the potential use of Be's operating system software components and
technical resources to increase PSG's strategic opportunity. In the course of
these discussions, the parties began to discuss the possibility of an
acquisition transaction involving Be and Palm.

   On May 30, 2001, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Be board of
directors, the Be board of directors met with representatives of Cooley Godward
LLP, outside legal counsel for Be, to discuss the fiduciary duties of the
directors to Be and its stockholders in the context of a merger involving Be or
acquisition of Be or its assets.

   On June 6, 2001, Messrs. Benhamou, Gassee and Sakoman met at Be's offices to
discuss the potential transaction and the process for completing due diligence.

   On June 21, 2001, a senior management team of Palm, including Mr. Benhamou,
David Nagel, a director, Mr. Solomon, Monty Boyer, Director, Advanced Platform
Development, Mr. Hayes, Ruth Hennigar, Vice President of Engineering, Platform
Solutions Group, met at Palm's offices with a senior management team of Be,
including Mr. Gassee, Mr. Sakoman, Pierre Raynaud-Richard, Vice President
Engineering, and Lee Williams, Vice President Product Development, to explore
each other's plans and capabilities and assess potential synergies. At this
meeting, an amendment to the mutual nondisclosure agreement was signed by Palm
and Be.

   On July 5, 2001, Thomas Geisler, Controller, Platform Solutions Group, of
Palm met with P.C. Berndt, Chief Financial Officer, Dan Johnston, General
Counsel, and Mr. Sakoman of Be for a due diligence meeting concerning Be's
business and financial status.

   On July 17, 2001, Mr. Boyer and Mr. Hayes of Palm, Doug Fults and Mike
Touloumtzis of Blue Mug, an external consulting firm hired by Palm to conduct
technology due diligence, met with a senior management and technical team from
Be, including Mr. Sakoman, Mr. Raynaud-Richard, Mr. Williams, George Hoffman,
Director, Engineering, Cyril Meurillon, Director, Engineering, and John Dance,
Director, Engineering, met at Be's offices for a due diligence meeting to
evaluate the BeOS operating system and the BeOS engineering team.

   On July 19, 2001, Mr. Hayes and Philippe Morali, Vice President,
Affiliations and Mergers & Acquisitions, of Palm met with Mr. Sakoman, Mr.
Berndt and Andrei Manoliu, a director of Be, to discuss the general terms of a
potential acquisition transaction between the two companies.

   Between July 19, 2001 and July 31, 2001, the parties, representatives of
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, outside legal counsel for Palm, and
representatives of Cooley Godward LLP, outside legal counsel for Be, negotiated
the general terms of the proposed asset sale, and Palm and its representatives
engaged in a due diligence investigation of Be.

   On July 20, 2001, the Be board of directors met with selected members of Be
management to discuss the status of the proposed transaction with Palm. After
engaging in extensive discussion of the terms of the transaction proposed by
Palm and Be's alternatives, the Be board of directors authorized management to
proceed with negotiations related to the proposed asset sale.

   On July 24, 2001, at a special teleconference meeting of the Be board of
directors, Be's board and management discussed certain aspects of the proposed
asset sale, including: (i) the likely time schedule for due diligence,
documentation and closing of the proposed transaction; (ii) regulatory
requirements and stockholder notice and vote requirements; (iii) the tax
consequences of the proposed transaction; and (iv) the terms of a "no shop"
agreement proposed by Palm. The board of directors of Be then authorized Be
management to proceed with the documentation of the asset sale and authorized
the management to enter into a "no shop" agreement with Palm.

   On July 25, 2001, during a regularly scheduled Palm board meeting, the Palm
board of directors met with members of the Palm management and outside legal
counsel to review the proposed terms of the transaction. The Palm board of
directors unanimously approved the transaction, subject to satisfactory
completion of due diligence.

   On July 31, 2001, Be entered into a "no shop" agreement with Palm, which
provided, among other things, that until August 14, 2001, Be would not, subject
to certain fiduciary obligations of the Be board, solicit, initiate, or engage
in discussions or negotiations with, any third party regarding a possible
acquisition transaction with Be.

   On July 31, 2001, Palm and Be entered into an agreement whereby Palm agreed
to pay weekly consulting fees to Be to enable Be to continue to pay the
salaries of certain designated employees to continue to work on the BeOS and
BeIA operating systems and related technology. Pursuant to this agreement, Palm
agreed to pay Be an amount equal to $2,500 multiplied by the number of
designated employees employed by Be at the start of the applicable weekly
period. The agreement was mutually terminated on August 14, 2001.

   Between August 5 and August 15, 2001, there were regular meetings and
discussions involving Mr. Gassee, Mr. Sakoman, Mr. Berndt and Mr. Johnston of
Be, Mr. Benhamou, Mr. Morali and Mr. Hayes of Palm and their respective legal
representatives in connection with the negotiation of the asset purchase
agreement and the related schedules and agreements. In addition, during that
period, Palm and its representatives continued to engage in a due diligence
investigation of Be.

   On August 15 and 16, 2001, at a special teleconference meeting of the Be
board, management and Be's outside counsel reported on the terms of the asset
purchase agreement and related agreements. Lehman Brothers also reported on its
efforts to solicit indications of interest from third parties regarding a
potential purchase of or investment in Be. The members of the board of
directors of Be reviewed internal financial analyses with respect to the
proposed asset sale and determined that the consideration to be paid pursuant
to the asset purchase agreement was fair to Be's stockholders and creditors
from a financial point of view. At this meeting, the Be board unanimously
approved the asset sale and the dissolution pursuant to the plan of
dissolution, concluding that the asset sale was fair to, and in the best
interests of Be's stockholders and creditors. The Be board also authorized
management to conclude negotiation of and execute the asset purchase agreement.

   On August 16, 2001, Palm, ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation and Be
executed the asset purchase agreement and issued press releases announcing the
proposed transaction.

   On September 10, 2001, Palm, ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation and Be
executed an amended and restated asset purchase agreement, amending and
clarifying the manner in which the Palm shares to be received by Be upon the
consummation of the asset sale were to be registered for sale. There were no
other material amendments to the form of asset purchase agreement entered into
by the parties on August 16, 2001.

   For a further discussion of the events leading to the asset sale
transaction, see "The Dissolution of Be -- Background and Reasons for the
Dissolution of Be."

Reasons for the Asset Sale

   The following discussion of the reasons for the asset sale contains a number
of forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of Be or Palm with
respect to future events that may have an effect on their financial
performance. There can be no assurance that the benefits of the transaction
considered by the boards will be achieved through completion of the purchase.
See ''Risk Factors." Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the
results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. Cautionary
statements that identify important factors that could cause or contribute to
differences in results and outcomes include those discussed in "Forward-Looking
Information" and "Risk Factors."

  Be's Reasons for the Asset Sale and Recommendation of the Be Board of
  Directors

   The Be board of directors has unanimously determined that the terms of the
asset purchase agreement are fair to and in the best interests of Be and its
stockholders and creditors, and has unanimously approved the asset purchase
agreement.

   In reaching its determination, the Be board of directors considered a number
of factors, including, without limitation, the following:

   . the present and anticipated business environment of the Internet appliance
     and digital media application market;

   . the conclusion of the Be board of directors that Be would not be able to
     continue to operate effectively in light of the significant losses that it
     was incurring and expected to continue to incur under its present business
     model, nor would it be able to raise the capital necessary in a timely
     manner to permit it to succeed in the Internet appliance and digital media
     application market in light of Be's increasingly precarious cash flow
     position;

   . the terms and conditions of the asset purchase agreement, the value and
     liquidity of the shares of Palm common stock to be received at closing,
     and the financial ability of Palm to fund a portion of Be's operations
     pursuant to the funding agreement described below and to issue the stock
     consideration payable to Be at the closing of the asset sale, all of which
     led Be's directors to conclude that it was reasonably likely that the
     asset sale would be completed, that Be would be able to liquidate the
     stock consideration promptly following the closing, and that as a result
     Be would most likely be able to pay, or provide for the payment of, the
     liabilities owed to its creditors and be in a position to maximize the
     return of value to its stockholders;

   . the efforts made by Be management to contact and determine the level of
     interest of third parties in a business combination or other financial
     transaction; and

   . the results of Lehman Brothers' efforts to solicit indications of interest
     from third parties regarding a potential purchase of or investment in Be.

   The Be board of directors also considered a number of potentially negative
factors in its deliberations concerning the overall transaction. The
potentially negative factors considered by the Be board included:

   . the risk that the transaction might not be completed in a timely manner or
     at all;

   . the fact that Be could lose other transaction opportunities during the
     period it is precluded under the terms of the asset purchase agreement
     from soliciting other transaction proposals;

   . the costs that Be would incur in liquidating the shares of Palm stock
     received in the transaction, which would not be incurred if the assets
     were sold to a buyer for cash, and the potential negative impact of any
     potential delay in Be's ability to liquidate the Palm shares;

   . the potential negative impact of any vendor or creditor confusion after
     announcement of the proposed transaction;

   . the fact that Be would not be able to continue as an independent going
     concern in its present form;

   . the possible negative impact that the dissolution of Be could have on its
     ability to bring or otherwise pursue any claims or causes of action
     retained by Be in connection with the asset sale;

   . the potential negative reaction of the financial community after
     announcement of the proposed transaction;

   . the fact that the net value of the consideration payable by Palm, after
     payment of or provision for Be's other liabilities and obligations, would
     be substantially less than the market capitalization of Be on the trading
     date immediately prior to the announcement of the asset purchase
     agreement; and

   . the other risks and uncertainties discussed above under ''Risk Factors.''

   The foregoing discussion of these factors is not meant to be exhaustive, but
includes the material factors considered by the Be board of directors. The
board of directors of Be did not quantify or attach any particular weight to
the various factors that they considered in reaching their determination that
the terms of the asset sale are fair to and in the best interests of Be and its
stockholders and creditors. Rather, the Be board of directors viewed its
recommendation as being based upon its business judgment in light of Be's
financial position and the totality of the information presented and
considered, and the overall effect of the asset sale and the dissolution of Be
described below on the creditors and stockholders of Be compared to continuing
the business of Be or seeking other potential parties to effect an investment
in or other business combination or acquisition transaction with Be.

  Palm's Reasons for Entering Into the Asset Purchase Agreement

   Palm's board of directors determined that the purchase of the assets from Be
is consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of
Palm and fair to, and in the best interests of, Palm and its stockholders, and
has unanimously approved the asset purchase and asset purchase agreement.

   In reaching its determination, Palm's board of directors considered a number
of factors, including, without limitation, the following:

   . the present and anticipated business environment and market for Palm's
     platform products, including the Palm OS;

   . the potential benefits of the operating system technology components
     included in the asset purchase that could be integrated into the current
     and future versions of the Palm OS and other Palm platform products to
     enhance Palm's Internet, communications and multimedia offerings;

   . the opportunity to add engineers who have worked together as a team for a
     significant period of time and have proven skills and abilities in
     developing operating system technology to Palm's Platform Solution Group's
     engineering team;

   . the potential to provide Palm's Platform Solutions Group the ability to
     enhance its platform roadmap by converting the current operating system
     into a more modular and flexible operating system and to serve broader
     market needs; and

   . the terms and conditions of the asset purchase agreement.

   In addition, Palm's board of directors considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the asset purchase and asset
purchase agreement, including, without limitation, the following:

   . the use of Palm's capital stock for the asset purchase in light of the
     current business and economic environment facing Palm and the markets in
     which it operates;

   . the possibility that Palm will not be able to successfully integrate the
     operating system technology included in the asset purchase into its
     current or future versions of the Palm OS and Palm platform products;

   . the risk that Palm will not be able to retain the engineering team from Be
     as employees following the closing of the asset purchase; and

   . the other risks and uncertainties discussed above under "Risk Factors."

   The foregoing discussion of these factors is not meant to be exhaustive, but
includes the material factors considered by Palm's board of directors. The
board of directors of Palm did not quantify or attach any particular weight to
the various factors that they considered in reaching their determination that
the asset purchase and asset purchase agreement are fair to and in the best
interests of Palm and its stockholders. Rather, Palm's board of directors
viewed its recommendation as being based upon its business judgment in light of
Palm's financial position and the totality of the information presented and
considered, and the overall effect of the asset purchase.

                MATERIAL TERMS OF THE ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

   The following describes the material terms of the asset purchase agreement.
The full text of the asset purchase agreement, as amended, is attached as Annex
A to, and is incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement/prospectus.
You are encouraged to read the asset purchase agreement in its entirety. Unless
otherwise indicated, references to Palm include Palm and its subsidiaries,
including ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation.

The Asset Purchase Agreement

   The asset purchase agreement provides that a subsidiary of Palm will
purchase certain of the assets of Be, including the following assets:

   . substantially all intellectual property of Be, including patents, patent
     applications, trade secrets, copyrights and rights in databases, but
     excluding selected trademarks of Be;

   . all source code, software, materials and information that are used by Be
     or are reasonably necessary to modify, debug and operate the current
     release or version of the BeOS and BeIA operating systems;

   . selected tangible assets of Be;

   . all goodwill of Be appurtenant to the trademarks that are transferred to
     Palm;

   . all rights of Be under specified contracts, other than payment obligations
     under such transferred contracts (including accounts receivable) earned by
     Be as a result of performance by Be prior to the closing date; and

   . all rights to recover past, present and future damages for the breach,
     infringement or misappropriation, as the case may be, of any of the
     transferred intellectual property rights and transferred contracts (other
     than payment obligations under such transferred contracts).

Retained Assets

   Pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement, Be will be retaining
certain rights, assets and liabilities in connection with the transaction,
including its cash and cash equivalents, receivables, certain contractual
rights and rights to assert and bring certain claims and causes of action,
including under antitrust laws. If, notwithstanding the approval of the
dissolution of Be by the stockholders of Be, the board of directors of Be
determines that it would be in the best interests of Be's stockholders or
creditors for Be not to dissolve, in order to permit Be to pursue (or more
easily pursue) any retained claims or causes of action, the dissolution of Be
may be abandoned or delayed until a future date to be determined by the board
of directors.

Consideration to be Received by Be

   Total Consideration. If the asset sale is completed, Be will receive total
consideration comprised of the following:

   . that number of shares of Palm common stock equal to the quotient
     determined by dividing $11,000,000 (subject to reduction in accordance
     with the following paragraph) by the opening price of Palm common stock as
     quoted on the Nasdaq National Market on the closing date of the
     transaction; and

   . the assumption by Palm of certain liabilities under certain of Be's
     contracts that will be transferred to Palm on the closing date.

   Adjustment of Consideration. To the extent Be has received prepaid service
payments under contracts that are to be transferred to Palm, the amount of Palm
stock to be delivered to Be will be reduced by the amount of such payment.
Based on the contracts that are currently expected to be transferred to Palm,
Be does not believe that there will be any material adjustment pursuant to this
provision.

Transferred Contracts

   Palm will assume specified liabilities and obligations of Be for continued
performance under any contracts transferred to, and assumed by, Palm solely to
the extent such obligations arise from and after the closing date. Prior to
closing, Palm may identify additional eligible contracts that it wishes to
assume. In that case, unless Be reasonably determines in good faith that it
cannot transfer the contracts to Palm, Palm will assume those contracts at
closing in addition to those specified in the asset purchase agreement.

Expected Timing of the Transaction

   The parties expect that the asset sale will close as soon as possible after
the necessary stockholder approval has been obtained. The asset purchase
agreement provides that if the closing has not occurred by November 30, 2001
(or December 31, 2001 in certain circumstances), then, subject to certain
conditions described more fully below, either party may terminate the
agreement.

Interests of Some Be Officers and Directors in the Asset Sale

   Several executive officers and directors of Be have personal interests in
the asset sale that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of
most Be stockholders. As a result, these executive officers may have conflicts
of interest that influenced their support of the asset sale.

   As part of its employee recruiting and retention plan, Be has a policy of
entering into change of control agreements with employees considered to be
critical to effectuating a transaction such as an asset sale. Be is a party to
change of control agreements with each of the following senior executive
officers and key employees: P.C. Berndt, John Fursdon, Jean-Louis Gassee, Dan
Johnston, Albert Lombardo, Guillaume Perrotin, Lamar Potts, Pierre
Raynaud-Richard, Steve Sakoman and Lee Williams. Following a change of control,
which includes the closing of certain types of transactions such as the asset
sale, each of such agreements provides for a lump sum severance payment equal
to twelve-months' base salary and continued group health insurance benefits for
the executive and any eligible dependents under COBRA for a period of up to
twelve months.

   Prior to the announcement of the proposed asset sale and dissolution of Be,
Be laid off a substantial portion of its workforce in order to conserve its
resources. In order to assure the dedication and continued efforts of Be's
employee through the critical transition period up to the closing of the asset
sale, the Be board of directors approved grants of shares of common stock of Be
in the form of stock bonuses to employees, including some executive officers,
still employed with Be at the closing or who may be terminated by Be without
cause after July 30, 2001. In addition to these stock bonuses, the board of
directors of Be approved an aggregate of $867,000 in incentive cash bonuses to
certain designated employees, including certain executive officers, for
continuing to provide services to Be through the transition period, and to
assist Be in fulfilling a condition to the closing of the asset sale that
specified employees of Be, and a specified percentage of Be's remaining
employee workforce, remain employees of Be and have accepted employment with
Palm as of the closing.

   Pursuant to the asset purchase agreement, it is contemplated that certain
officers of Be, including Steve Sakoman, Pierre Raynaud-Richard and Lee
Williams, will become employees of Palm following the closing of the asset
sale. In addition, Jean-Louis Gassee, the Chairman of Be, has accepted an offer
to serve as an advisor to the Platform Solutions Group committee of Palm's
board of directors effective upon the closing of the asset sale. Pursuant to
this arrangement, it is contemplated that Palm will grant Mr. Gassee an option
to purchase 20,000 shares of Palm's common stock which will have an exercise
price equal to the fair market value on the closing date of the asset sale and
will vest monthly over the six months following the closing of the asset sale
(subject to his continued service).

Conditions to Closing

   Be and Palm will complete the asset sale only if a number of conditions are
satisfied or waived, including the following:

   . the representations and warranties of Be and Palm contained in the asset
     purchase agreement shall have been true and correct on the date when made,
     and shall be true and correct as of the closing date, where the failure to
     be true and correct would have or would reasonably be expected to have a
     material adverse effect on the relevant party, except for those
     representations and warranties addressing matters as of a particular date
     or period which must have been true and correct at such date or as of such
     period subject to the foregoing material adverse effect test);

   . Be, ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation and Palm shall have performed
     or complied in all material respects with all obligations and covenants
     required by the asset purchase agreement;

   . there shall not have been commenced and be pending against Be or any of
     its subsidiaries any action or legal proceeding with respect to the assets
     to be transferred to Palm where such action or legal proceeding is
     reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on such assets or
     Palm's ability to use such assets;

   . no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or
     other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction preventing the
     completion of the asset sale shall be in effect;

   . any governmental or regulatory notices, approvals or other requirements
     necessary to complete the asset sale shall have been given, obtained or
     complied with, if applicable;

   . Palm, at its own expense, shall have received an opinion of a financial
     advisor or appraiser that Be is not insolvent as of the closing date of
     the asset sale, and that the sale of the assets will not cause Be to be
     insolvent immediately following the closing;

   . at least seven out of eight "key employees" of Be as set forth in the
     asset purchase agreement, including two specified key employees, and at
     least 33 out of 42 other "designated employees" of Be as set forth in the
     asset purchase agreement, shall have entered into "at-will" employment
     arrangements with Palm; and

   . the asset sale and the dissolution shall have been approved by the
     requisite vote of the stockholders of Be.

Representations and Warranties

   The asset purchase agreement contains various representations and warranties
made by each party thereto regarding aspects related to each party's assets,
business, financial condition, structure and other facts pertinent to the asset
sale and the dissolution. The representations and warranties made by Be will
survive until the earliest of:

   . the first anniversary of the closing date of the asset sale;

   . the date on which Be files its certificate of dissolution with the
     Delaware Secretary of State; and

   . the date 15 days following the delivery of a "dissolution notice", except
     that a termination pursuant to this clause shall be rescinded if Be does
     not file a certificate of dissolution with the Delaware Secretary of State
     within 30 days following the delivery of such notice. A "dissolution
     notice" is defined to mean a notice delivered by Be to Palm indicating
     Be's good faith intention to file a certificate of dissolution with the
     Delaware Secretary of State within 30 days.

   However, the representations and warranties of Be may survive beyond the
foregoing periods if a valid claim has been made against Be relating to a
possible breach of Be's representations and warranties prior to the date
through which the representations and warranties would otherwise survive. If
such a claim is made, then the representation or warranty that is the subject
of the claim will survive until there is a final resolution of the claim. Palm
and ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation's representations and warranties
will expire upon the closing of the asset sale.

   The representations and warranties made by Be cover the following topics,
among others:

   . the due organization, authority, and power of Be and similar corporate
     matters;

   . the authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the asset
     purchase agreement and the related agreements as against Be;

   . the lack of conflicts with Be's certificate of incorporation or bylaws or
     violations of agreements or laws applicable to Be;

   . Be's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, its
     financial statements and the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

   . the contracts to be transferred to Palm;

   . consents that may be required in connection with the transaction;

   . obligations under service contracts to be transferred to Palm;

   . the absence of any insolvency or similar proceedings involving Be;

   . compliance with laws and regulations, certain tax matters and other
     matters related to Be's business;

   . Be's title to assets being purchased by Palm and the lack of encumbrances
     upon and the condition of such assets;

   . the absence of litigation;

   . employment matters;

   . the absence of certain changes and events with respect to Be and its
     business; and

   . the intellectual property being transferred.

   The asset purchase agreement also contains limited representations and
warranties made by Palm and ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation. The
representations and warranties made by Palm and ECA Subsidiary Acquisition
Corporation cover the following topics, among others:

   . the due organization, authority and power of Palm and ECA Subsidiary
     Acquisition Corporation and similar corporate matters;

   . the authorization, execution, delivery and enforceability of the asset
     purchase agreement and the related agreements;

   . the lack of conflicts with certificates of incorporation or bylaws or
     violations of material agreements or laws applicable to Palm or ECA
     Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation;

   . Palm's filings and reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission;
     and

   . consents that may be required in connection with the transaction.

Indemnification

   Be is required to indemnify Palm and related parties for losses suffered by
them as a result of, among other things, inaccuracies and breaches of any
representation or warranty made by Be under the asset purchase agreement,
failure by Be to perform any agreement or covenant under the asset purchase
agreement, losses from liabilities Palm is not assuming and certain tax-related
items. The indemnification obligation of Be with respect to breaches of its
representations and warranties survives until the earliest of:

   . 12 months following the closing date;

   . the date on which Be files a certificate of dissolution with the Delaware
     Secretary of State; and

   . 15 days following the delivery by Be to Palm of a notice that Be intends
     to file a certificate of dissolution with the Delaware Secretary of State,
     provided such certificate of dissolution is actually filed within 30 days
     of the date of such notice.

   Except with respect to losses from liabilities Palm is not assuming, and
certain taxes that may be owed by Be or for which Be may be responsible, the
indemnity obligations of Be are limited to an aggregate of $3,300,000. Palm and
other indemnified parties may only seek and obtain indemnification from Be when
the aggregate amount of indemnifiable losses suffered by them exceeds $100,000;
thereafter, Palm will be able to recover on the full amount of such losses up
to the $3,300,000 limitation.

   Indemnification under the asset purchase agreement is the exclusive remedy
of Palm and related parties for any claims against Be pursuant to the asset
purchase agreement, without limiting any indemnified party's right to specific
performance or injunctive relief, or any right or remedy they may otherwise
have against any person that has committed fraud with respect to the asset
purchase agreement. The parties have also agreed that the fact that Palm is not
obligated to indemnify Be under the asset purchase agreement is not to be
construed so as to limit the rights or remedies that Be may otherwise have
against Palm, whether under the asset purchase agreement or applicable law, in
the event of (a) any breach or inaccuracy of a representation or warranty of
Palm or ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation contained in the asset purchase
agreement, (b) any failure by Palm or ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation to
perform or comply with any covenant or agreement given or made by either of
them contained in the asset purchase agreement, or (c) any failure on the part
of ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation to perform and discharge in full the
liabilities of Be assumed by it under the asset purchase agreement.

Conduct of Be's Business Prior to the Closing of the Asset Sale

   During the period from August 16, 2001 until the closing of the asset sale,
Be has agreed to, among other things,

   . conduct its business (as it relates to the assets being sold to Palm) in a
     commercially reasonable manner;

   . pay its debts and taxes when due, where failure to pay when due would be
     reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the assets to be
     transferred to Palm or on Palm's ability to use the assets to be
     transferred;

   . pay or perform other obligations related to the assets being sold to Palm,
     where failure to pay or perform would be reasonably likely to have a
     material adverse effect on the assets to be transferred to Palm or on
     Palm's ability to use the assets to be transferred;

   . use commercially reasonable, good faith efforts to maintain its relations
     and goodwill with suppliers, customers, distributors, licensors,
     licensees, landlords, trade creditors, employees, agents and others having
     business relationships with Be relating to the assets being sold to Palm,
     to the extent Be knows or has reason to believe that Palm intends to have
     business relations with such parties with respect to such assets following
     the closing of the asset sale;

   . keep Palm reasonably informed concerning material business or operational
     matters relating to the assets;

   . use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the assets to be
     transferred to Palm in their current condition;

   . use commercially reasonable efforts to identify and notify Palm of any
     third-party requirements to sublicense transferred intellectual property
     to Palm;

   . not take any action to materially impair, encumber, or create a lien
     against the assets being acquired by Palm;

   . except to comply with existing contractual obligations or commitments or
     with respect to non-exclusive licenses entered into in the ordinary course
     of business consistent with past practice, not buy, or enter into

     any inbound license agreement with respect to, third party technology or
     the intellectual property rights of any third party to be incorporated in
     or used in connection with the products being acquired by Palm or sell,
     lease or otherwise transfer or dispose of, or enter into any outbound
     license agreement with respect to, any of the acquired assets with any
     third party;

   . except to comply with existing contractual obligations or commitments or
     with respect to non-exclusive licenses entered into in the ordinary course
     of business consistent with past practice, not enter into any contract
     relating to (i) the sale or distribution of any product being acquired by
     Palm or (ii) any of the acquired assets;

   . not change pricing or royalties charged to customers or licensees of the
     acquired assets;

   . not enter into any strategic arrangement or relationship, development or
     joint marketing arrangement or agreement relating to the acquired assets;

   . not fire, or give notice of termination to, any designated employee,
     except as permitted under the terms of the funding agreement between Palm
     and Be;

   . not amend or modify, except to the extent required by their terms, or
     violate the terms of, any of the transferred contracts; and

   . not adopt or change any accounting method in respect of taxes, enter into
     any closing agreement, settle any claim or assessment in respect of taxes,
     or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable
     to any claim or assessment in respect of taxes, in each case where such
     action would reasonably have a material adverse effect on the assets to be
     transferred to Palm or on Palm's ability to use the products to be
     transferred.

   In addition, beginning on August 16, 2001 and continuing until the earlier
of the closing date or termination of the asset purchase agreement, Be has
agreed to give Palm reasonable access to, among other things, Be's books,
records, and work papers related to the assets being transferred, and
reasonable access to Be's personnel and properties.

Limitation on Be's Ability to Consider Other Acquisition Proposals

   From the date of the asset purchase agreement until the earlier of the
closing date or termination of the asset purchase agreement, Be has agreed that
it will not, nor will it authorize or permit any of its officers, directors or
affiliates to, nor will it authorize or knowingly permit any of its employees
or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative retained
by it to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage,
engage in any discussions regarding, furnish non-public information with
respect to, endorse, recommend or enter into any agreement relating to:

   . any purchase from Be of more than 15% of the outstanding voting securities
     of Be;

   . any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
     involving Be; or

   . any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition
     of more than 15% of the assets of Be or any of the acquired assets with
     the exception of immaterial portions of the acquired assets.

   However, this restriction shall not be deemed to prevent Be or its board of
directors from considering an unsolicited proposal that the board of directors
of Be in good faith determines may lead to a superior acquisition proposal
whereby the stockholders of Be immediately before the acquisition would
immediately after the acquisition hold less than 50% of the equity in Be (or
another surviving entity) or whereby Be would sell all or substantially all its
assets. If Be's board of directors determines in good faith that its fiduciary
obligations require it to do so, Be may furnish nonpublic information to the
party making such acquisition proposal and ask written questions regarding the
proposal. Be must concurrently furnish copies of such correspondence to Palm.
Be may also engage in negotiations with the party making the acquisition
proposal to the extent that the board of directors

of Be determines in good faith that its fiduciary obligations require it to do
so, and provided that Be (i) obtains a confidentiality agreement from the party
making the acquisition proposal and (ii) gives Palm written notice of its
intention to enter into such negotiations.

   Be is still obligated to call a stockholder meeting with respect to the
asset sale and dissolution of Be that is the subject of this proxy
statement/prospectus even if it has received a superior offer, although in
certain circumstances the board of directors of Be may withdraw or modify its
board recommendation in favor of the approval of the asset sale and the
dissolution.

Agreement Not to Compete

   Be has agreed that, for a period of two years following the closing, Be will
not directly or indirectly (other than on behalf of Palm), without the prior
written consent of Palm, engage in certain competitive business activities,
defined to mean:

   . engaging in, managing or directing persons engaged in any business in
     competition with Palm's operating system platform business;

   . acquiring or having an ownership interest in any entity which derives
     revenues from any business in competition with Palm's platform business
     (with certain limited exceptions); or

   . participating in the operation, management or control of any firm,
     partnership, corporation, entity or business described in the second
     clause.

   Except in limited circumstances, Be has also agreed for such two-year period
not to solicit, encourage or take any other action that is intended to induce
or encourage a Palm employee to terminate his or her employment.

Other Covenants

   The parties agreed to certain additional covenants in the asset purchase
agreement, including covenants regarding the treatment of continuing employees,
public disclosure regarding the subject matter of the asset purchase agreement,
consents to be obtained in order to transfer certain contracts, responsibility
for COBRA coverage after the closing date, preparation of this proxy
statement/prospectus and the registration statement of which it is a part,
post-closing tax covenants, and contracts required to be terminated by Be prior
to the closing date.

Termination of the Asset Purchase Agreement

   Palm, Be and ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation can agree by mutual
written consent to terminate the asset purchase agreement at any time prior to
or subsequent to the special meeting of Be stockholders. In addition, any party
may terminate the asset purchase agreement if:

   . the asset sale has not been completed by November 30, 2001 (or December
     31, 2001 in certain circumstances), unless any action or failure to act by
     the party seeking to terminate the asset purchase agreement (or any
     affiliate of such party) has been a principal cause of or resulted in the
     failure of the closing date to occur on or before such date and such
     action or failure to act constitutes a material breach of the asset
     purchase agreement;

   . a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental body issues a
     final and nonappealable order, decree or ruling or shall have taken any
     other action having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or
     otherwise prohibiting the asset sale;

   . the Be stockholders fail to approve both the asset sale and the
     dissolution of Be, unless the failure to obtain the approval is
     attributable to a failure on the part of the party seeking to terminate
     the asset purchase agreement (or any affiliate of such party) to perform
     any covenant required to be performed by such party at or prior to the
     closing of the asset sale; or

   . the representations and warranties of the other party in the asset
     purchase agreement are or become inaccurate, or the other party breaches
     its covenants, such that a condition to the obligation of the party to
     which such representations and warranties or covenants are made would not
     be satisfied and the inaccuracy or breach is not curable through the
     exercise of commercially reasonable efforts or the other party is not
     using commercially reasonable efforts to cure the breach.

   In addition, Be may terminate the asset purchase agreement at any time prior
to the approval by the Be stockholders of the asset purchase agreement and the
approval of the plan of dissolution if Palm shall have breached (and failed to
cure within 10 days after notice of such breach is delivered by Be to Palm) any
of its obligations under the funding agreement.

   In addition, Palm, at any time prior to the approval by the Be stockholders
of the asset sale and plan of dissolution, may terminate the asset purchase
agreement if any of the following events occur:

   . the Be board of directors, or any committee of the Be board of directors,
     withdraws or modifies in a manner adverse to Palm its recommendation in
     favor of the adoption and approval of the asset purchase agreement or the
     approval of the plan of dissolution;

   . Be fails to include in this proxy statement/prospectus the recommendation
     of the board of directors of Be in favor of the approval of the asset
     purchase agreement and the dissolution;

   . the Be board of directors fails to reaffirm the board of directors'
     recommendation in favor of the approval of the asset purchase agreement
     and the approval of the dissolution within 10 business days after Palm
     requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed following the
     public announcement of an acquisition proposal by a third party;

   . a tender or exchange offer relating to the securities of Be has commenced
     and Be has not sent to its stockholders, within 10 business days after the
     tender or exchange offer is first published, a statement disclosing that
     Be recommends rejection of the tender or exchange offer; or

   . the Be board of directors approves or recommends any acquisition proposal
     (other than an offer or proposal by Palm) relating to an alternative
     business transaction.

Expenses

   The asset purchase agreement generally provides that Palm and Be will pay
their own respective costs and expenses incurred in connection with the asset
purchase agreement and the transactions contemplated by the asset purchase
agreement.

Amendment; Waiver

   The asset purchase agreement may only be amended by a written instrument
signed on behalf of all parties to the asset purchase agreement.

Regulatory Matters

   Be and Palm are not aware of any regulatory or governmental approvals
required to complete the asset sale.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences that are expected to apply generally to Be stockholders in
connection with the sale of Be's assets and the dissolution of Be. This
discussion is based upon current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, existing regulations under the Internal Revenue Code and
current administrative rulings and court decisions, all of which are subject to
change. Any such change, which may or may not be retroactive, could alter the
tax consequences

that are described in this summary. No attempt has been made to comment on all
federal income tax consequences of the asset sale and the dissolution that may
be relevant to particular holders, including holders:

   . who are subject to special tax rules, such as dealers in securities,
     foreign persons, mutual funds, insurance companies or tax-exempt entities;

   . who are subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Internal
     Revenue Code;

   . whose Be shares are qualified small business stock for purposes of Section
     1202 of the Internal Revenue Code or "Section 1244 Stock" for purposes of
     Section 1244 of the Code;

   . who acquired their Be shares in connection with stock option or stock
     purchase plans or in other compensatory transactions;

   . who hold their Be shares as a hedge or as part of an integrated investment
     such as a hedge, straddle, constructive sale or other risk reduction
     strategy or as part of a conversion transaction; or

   . who do not hold their Be shares as capital assets.

   In addition, the following discussion does not address the tax consequences
of the asset sale or the dissolution under state, local and foreign tax laws.
Accordingly, Be stockholders are advised and expected to consult their own tax
advisors regarding the federal income tax consequences of the asset sale and
the dissolution in light of their personal circumstances and the consequences
under state, local and foreign tax laws.

   No ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or opinion of counsel has been,
or will be, requested in connection with the asset sale or the dissolution. No
assurance can be given that the Internal Revenue Service will not successfully
assert a position contrary to that described in this discussion.

   Subject to the limitations discussed herein, it is expected that:

   . The asset sale will be a taxable transaction to Be. As a result, Be will
     recognize gain or loss on the sale of its assets to the Palm subsidiary in
     an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of Palm common
     stock received in exchange for the assets, based upon such shares' value
     on the closing date (which is expected to be $11,000,000), less Be's
     adjusted tax basis in its assets sold to the Palm subsidiary in exchange
     for such stock. Be's gain will be offset to the extent of available net
     operating losses, subject to applicable limitations. Be's tax basis in the
     Palm common stock received in exchange for the assets will equal the fair
     market value used to calculate Be's gain or loss as described above. Be
     may also recognize gain or loss upon both the sale of the Palm common
     stock, and the distribution of assets (other than cash), if any, to Be
     stockholders in connection with Be's dissolution, in an amount equal to
     the difference between the fair market value of the Palm common stock and
     distributed assets and Be's adjusted tax basis in the Palm common stock
     and such assets.

   . Upon the dissolution of Be, a holder of Be stock will recognize capital
     gain or loss with respect to each share equal to the sum of the amount of
     any cash and the fair market value of any assets distributed with respect
     to such share (including any assets transferred to a liquidating trust, as
     discussed below) less such stockholder's adjusted tax basis in such share.
     That gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss for shares held
     for more than one year as of the date of dissolution. The deductibility of
     capital losses is subject to limitations. The maximum marginal federal
     long-term capital gain rate for individuals with respect to property held
     for more than one year is currently 20%, while the maximum marginal
     federal short-term capital gain rate for individuals with respect to
     property held for one year or less is currently 39.1%. Corporate taxpayers
     are generally subject to a maximum marginal federal income tax rate of
     35%.

   . While Be does not currently intend to pay liquidating distributions to its
     stockholders in installments, if it does so, each Be stockholder must
     recover that stockholder's tax basis in each share of Be stock before
     recognizing any gain or loss. Thus, each Be stockholder will recognize
     gain on an installment only to the extent that the aggregate value of the
     installment, and all prior installments the stockholder received with

     respect to any Be share, exceeds the tax basis in that share, and will
     recognize a loss with respect to any Be share only when the stockholder
     has received the final installment and the aggregate value of all
     liquidating distributions from Be with respect to such share is less than
     the stockholder's tax basis in such share.

   . In the event that Be distributes contingent assets such as disputed claims
     or contingent contract rights to Be stockholders in connection with the
     dissolution, and the fair market value of such assets cannot be determined
     at the time of the distribution, the amount received will not be
     determined until such assets are sold, collected or otherwise become
     susceptible to accurate valuation. This delay may affect the timing, and
     possibly the characterization, of any gain or loss recognized by the Be
     stockholders upon dissolution of Be. For example, the receipt of
     contingent rights may preclude the recognition of a loss that might
     otherwise be recognized upon dissolution.

   . If Be transfers any assets to a liquidating trust, the Be stockholders
     will be treated for tax purposes as having received their pro rata share
     of those assets when the transfer occurs. The amount of the taxable
     distribution to the Be stockholders on the transfer of Be's assets to a
     liquidating trust will be reduced by the amount of Be's known liabilities
     which the liquidating trust assumes or to which such transferred assets
     are subject. A liquidating trust itself generally will not be subject to
     tax, and, after the formation of a liquidating trust, each Be stockholder
     will take into account for federal income tax purposes the stockholder's
     allocable portion of any income, gain, deduction or loss which the
     liquidating trust recognizes. Distributions by a liquidating trust to the
     Be stockholders will not be taxable to them. Each Be stockholder may
     become liable for tax on the income received by the liquidating trust,
     even if the trust has not made any actual distributions to such
     stockholders.

   Unless a Be stockholder complies with certain reporting and/or certification
procedures or is an "exempt recipient," the stockholder may be subject to
backup withholding tax at a rate of 30.5% with respect to any liquidating
distributions.

   THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION IS INCLUDED FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND IS
BASED ON THE LAW AS CURRENTLY IN EFFECT. BECAUSE OF THE INDIVIDUAL NATURE OF
TAX CONSEQUENCES, HOLDERS OF BE STOCK ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS
WITH RESPECT TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE ASSET SALE AND THE
DISSOLUTION, INCLUDING THE EFFECTS OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER
TAX LAWS AND OF CHANGES IN SUCH TAX LAWS.

Accounting Treatment

   The asset sale will be accounted for by Palm using the purchase method of
accounting. The purchase price will be allocated to the identifiable assets
acquired and will be recorded on Palm's books at their respective fair values
as determined on the closing date. A portion of the purchase price may be
identified as in-process research and development. This amount, if any, will be
charged to Palm's operations in the quarter in which the asset sale is
completed and the purchase accounting and valuation amounts are finalized. The
remaining purchase price will be recorded as goodwill.

Appraisal Rights

   Under Delaware law, Be stockholders do not have appraisal rights as a result
of the asset sale or any dissolution of Be pursuant to the plan of dissolution.

Votes Required for the Asset Sale and the Dissolution

   The affirmative votes of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
of Be common stock are required to approve the asset sale and the dissolution
and adoption of the plan of dissolution of Be. Pursuant to

stockholder support agreements and related irrevocable proxies executed by Be's
executive officers and directors,       outstanding shares of Be common stock
(which excludes shares subject to stock options) beneficially owned by them and
their affiliates on the record date (representing approximately   % of the
total number of shares of Be common stock outstanding at that date), will be
voted in favor of the approval of the asset sale and the dissolution.

   BE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE ASSET
SALE AND "FOR" THE APPROVAL OF THE DISSOLUTION AND THE ADOPTION OF THE PLAN OF
DISSOLUTION OF BE.

            BE'S USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE SALE OF PALM COMMON STOCK

   Intention to Liquidate Stock Consideration. Immediately following the
closing of the asset sale, Be intends to sell for cash the shares of Palm
common stock it receives in the asset sale. Following the sale of the shares,
Be intends to pay, or provide for the payment of, all outstanding liabilities
and obligations in accordance with applicable law and the plan of dissolution.
Any remaining cash proceeds, subject to the payments or other provisions
described in the paragraph below, will be available for distribution to Be
stockholders. Palm will not receive any proceeds from the sale of these shares
of Palm common stock.

   Reductions in the Net Consideration. It is anticipated that the net cash
proceeds from the sale by Be of the Palm shares received in the asset sale
ultimately available for distribution to Be stockholders will be reduced by the
following:

   . approximately $2,400,000 owed to third parties as a result of pre-existing
     obligations;

   . approximately $750,000 owed to Lehman Brothers as a result of the
     completion of the asset sale;

   . approximately $2,250,000 in connection with lump sum severance payments
     and continued group health insurance benefits;

   . approximately $580,000 in additional incentive bonuses to certain
     designated employees, including certain executive officers, for continuing
     to provide services to Be during the transition period between the
     execution of the asset purchase agreement and the closing of the asset
     sale; and

   . approximately $1,200,000 for liability insurance after cessation of
     operations.

                              RELATED AGREEMENTS

Funding Agreement

   Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the asset purchase
agreement, Palm, ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation and Be entered into a
funding agreement whereby Palm agreed to pay weekly consulting fees to Be to
enable Be to continue to pay the salaries of certain designated employees to
continue to develop and enhance the BeOS and BeIA operating systems and related
technology until the earlier of the completion of the asset sale or termination
of the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the funding agreement, Palm agreed
to pay Be an amount equal to $2,500 multiplied by the number of designated
employees employed by Be at the start of the applicable weekly period. This
payment is to be made at the end of the applicable weekly period. In the event
of termination of the funding agreement during a one-week period, Palm will be
required to pay the entire weekly sum for such one-week period. The funding
agreement will continue until the earliest to occur of:

   . the completion of the asset sale;

   . the termination of the asset purchase agreement; and

   . termination of the funding agreement by mutual written consent of the
     parties.

   The form of the funding agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex C, and you are urged to read it in its entirety.
Be is not required to submit the funding agreement to its stockholders for
their approval under Delaware law. Under no circumstances will Be be required
to repay to Palm any of the amounts received by Be under the funding agreement.

Stockholder Support Agreements

   All of the directors and executive officers of Be entered into stockholder
support agreements with Palm contemporaneously with the execution and delivery
of the asset purchase agreement. Pursuant to the agreements, each director and
executive officer agreed to vote, and granted Palm an irrevocable proxy to
vote, all shares of Be common stock beneficially owned by them as of the record
date in favor of the approval of the asset sale and the dissolution and against
the following actions:

   . any proposal made in opposition to, or in competition with, completion of
     the asset sale and the other actions contemplated by the asset purchase
     agreement, including the wind-up of Be's operations; and

   . any other action that is intended to, or would reasonably be expected to,
     impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect
     the asset sale or any of the other actions contemplated by the asset
     purchase agreement, including the wind-up of Be's operations.

   As of the record date, these individuals collectively beneficially owned
  shares of Be common stock, which represented approximately  % of the
outstanding shares of Be common stock. None of the Be executive officers and
directors were paid additional consideration in connection with the stockholder
support agreements.

   The Be executive officers and directors who signed the stockholder support
agreements have also agreed not to sell, pledge, encumber, grant an option with
respect to, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares of Be common stock, or
any option or warrant to purchase shares of Be common stock, owned by them
unless each person to whom any shares, options or warrants are transferred
executes a stockholder support agreement and agrees to hold those shares,
options or warrants subject to all the terms and provisions of the stockholder
support agreement.

   The stockholder support agreements will terminate upon the earlier to occur
of the termination of the asset purchase agreement and the completion of the
asset sale. The form of stockholder support agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex D, and you are urged to read it in its entirety.

Non-Competition Agreements

   Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of the asset purchase
agreement, certain key employees of Be entered into non-competition agreements
with Palm whereby the each such key employee agreed, subject to the closing of
the asset sale and for a period of two years thereafter, not to compete with
Palm in any business activity competitive with Palm's operating system platform
business without the prior written consent of Palm. The non-competition
agreements also provide that the key employee may not solicit, encourage or
take any other action which is intended to induce or encourage, or could
reasonably be expected to have the effect of inducing or encouraging, any
employee of Palm or any of its subsidiaries to terminate his or her employment
with Palm. The form of non-competition agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex E, and you are urged to read it in its entirety.

                             THE DISSOLUTION OF BE

   This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes material aspects
and implications of the possible dissolution of Be pursuant to the plan of
dissolution. While Be believes that the description covers the material aspects
of the possible dissolution of Be, this summary may not contain all of the
information that is important to you. This summary is qualified in its entirety
by the plan of dissolution and the more detailed information appearing
elsewhere in this document or that is incorporated by reference. You should
carefully read this entire proxy statement/prospectus and the plan of
dissolution for a more complete understanding of the proposed dissolution of
Be.

   Pursuant to the terms of the asset purchase agreement, Be will be retaining
certain rights, assets and liabilities in connection with the asset sale
transaction, including its cash and cash equivalents, receivables, certain
contractual rights, and rights to assert and bring certain claims and causes of
action, including under antitrust laws. If, notwithstanding the approval of the
dissolution of Be by the stockholders of Be, the board of directors of Be
determines that it would be in the best interests of the Be stockholders or
creditors for Be not to dissolve, including in order to permit Be to pursue (or
more easily pursue) any retained claims or causes of action, the dissolution of
Be may be abandoned or delayed until a future date to be determined by the
board of directors. All descriptions of the proposed dissolution of Be in this
section, and throughout this proxy statement/prospectus, are qualified by
reference to the foregoing right of the board of directors of Be to abandon or
delay implementation of the plan of dissolution.

General Description

   The Be board of directors has approved the dissolution of Be as described in
the plan of dissolution attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B.
If the dissolution and adoption of the plan of dissolution are approved by the
stockholders, the board of directors, without further action by the
stockholders (except those actions as may be required by law or as the Be board
of directors may deem appropriate), may elect at any time to dissolve Be after
payment of, or provision for the payment of, all liabilities and obligations of
Be in accordance with the plan of dissolution. Any remaining assets, if any,
would be available for distribution to Be stockholders. Approval by the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock is required to approve
the dissolution and adopt the plan of dissolution of Be. In the event that the
stockholders of Be fail to approve both the asset sale and the dissolution,
Palm and Be would each have the option to terminate the asset purchase
agreement.

   Certain material features of the plan of dissolution are summarized below.
STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD READ THE PLAN OF DISSOLUTION IN ITS ENTIRETY.

   The Be board of directors unanimously adopted resolutions on August 16, 2001
by which they approved the asset sale and the plan of dissolution. The plan of
dissolution authorizes Be's officers to commence the sale of Be's remaining
assets in an orderly liquidation as soon as reasonably practicable following
the closing of the asset sale transaction with Palm. If and when a certificate
of dissolution is filed by Be with the Delaware Secretary of State, thereafter
Be will not be engaged in any business activities except for the purpose of
meeting its continuing obligations under the asset purchase agreement entered
into with Palm, preserving the value of its assets, prosecuting and defending
lawsuits by or against Be, winding-up its business and affairs, preparing for
the sale and liquidation of its remaining properties and assets, paying its
creditors and satisfying all of its outstanding liabilities and obligations,
terminating commercial agreements and relationships and preparing to make
distributions to stockholders, in accordance with the plan of dissolution.

   The Be board of directors may, at any time, turn management of Be over to a
third party to complete the liquidation of its remaining assets and distribute
proceeds from the sale of assets to its creditors and/or stockholders pursuant
to the plan of dissolution. This third-party management may be in the form of a
liquidating trust, which, if adopted, would succeed to all of the assets,
liabilities and obligations of Be. The Be board of

directors may appoint one or more of its members, an officer of Be or a third
party to act as trustee or trustees of such liquidating trust. The approval of
the dissolution by Be stockholders will also constitute their approval of any
appointment and compensation of such trustees.

   During the liquidation of Be's assets, Be may pay to its officers,
directors, employees, and agents, or any of them, compensation for services
rendered in connection with the implementation of the plan of dissolution. The
approval of the dissolution by Be stockholders will constitute their approval
of the payment of any such compensation.

BACKGROUND AND REASONS FOR THE DISSOLUTION OF BE

Company Background

   Be was founded in 1990. Be offers software solutions designed for Internet
appliances and digital media applications. Its software solutions are (i) BeIA:
the Complete Internet Appliance Solution/TM/, consisting of three-components;
BeIA Client Platform, BeIA Management and Administration Platform, and BeIA
Integration Services; (ii) Home Audio Reference Platform (HARP), a BeIA-based
reference platform or prototype for Internet-enabled home stereo devices; and
(iii) BeOS, its operating system designed for digital media applications and
which serves as the development platform for BeIA.

Development of the Business

   Prior to 1998, Be had no revenues and its operations consisted primarily of
research and development. In December 1998, Be shipped the first version of
BeOS, its desktop operating system targeted primarily to end users. Prior
releases of BeOS were targeted primarily to software developers. Throughout
1999, Be focused on delivering BeOS as a desktop operating system to end users,
and while it was slowly gaining users and traction within the desktop operating
system market, Be determined the cost of competing in that market was more than
it could afford.

   In January 2000, Be announced its intention to shift its primary focus from
the marketing and distribution of BeOS, Be's desktop operating system, to the
development, marketing and deployment of BeIA, its software solution intended
for Internet appliances. Having experienced losses and negative cash flow from
operations since inception, in the latter half of 1999 Be began a review of its
BeOS desktop operating system business model and its potential to create
stockholder value. The impetus for the review was market information obtained
from institutional investors and market analysts, and the realization that Be's
desktop product could only succeed by competing effectively against a single,
very large, established and entrenched competitor in a rapidly maturing market.
During this same period, many potential large customers and industry analysts
were expressing significant interest in the Internet appliance version of Be's
operating system. At the time, most market analysts were predicting rapid
growth in the nascent Internet appliance market, and indicating it would
ultimately have significant upside potential. The strengths of Be's technology
appeared transferable to the needs of this market, and the market was not yet
dominated by any one player.

   At the same time Be shifted its resource focus, Be attempted to provide BeOS
with a final opportunity for success in the desktop market. First, Be made a
fully functioning Personal Edition of BeOS available on the Internet for free
download. The intent of the Personal Edition of BeOS was to seed the market and
to create interest in and exposure to Be's technology. Second, Be entered into
publishing relationships with several well established software publishers to
distribute a royalty-bearing Professional Edition of BeOS.

   Ultimately, Be determined it did not have the resources, nor could it
reasonably obtain the resources, to adequately pursue both the desktop and
Internet appliance markets simultaneously. Thus, Be decided to allow companies
in the business of publishing and distributing software to market the
Professional Edition of BeOS. Be reasoned that if the publishers were able to
generate enough interest and revenue with the Professional Edition of

BeOS, the royalty revenues could be used to fund further development of Be's
desktop product. However, the publishers were never able to generate any
material revenues from the sale of the Professional Edition of BeOS.

   In contrast, Be was successful in 2000 in rapidly entering the developing
Internet appliance market. Its efforts culminated in the execution of a
contract for an Internet appliance with Sony in early 2001. Unfortunately,the
Internet appliance market as a whole has failed to materialize as anticipated.
Consumer response to early Internet appliances has been unenthusiastic, major
manufacturers have not undertaken significant development efforts, and the
economic realities of the last four quarters have made success even more
difficult. Despite Be's efforts in the Internet appliance market, its financial
difficulties have continued, and Be has been unable to generate revenues
sufficient to meet operating expenses. At the beginning of the second and third
quarters of 2001, Be reduced its workforce and announced the elimination of its
sales and marketing departments in order to conserve resources.

Review of Alternatives

   Commencing in April 2000, the board of directors of Be took extensive
actions over a lengthy period of time in its efforts to evaluate and pursue
alternatives for the company that would maximize stockholder value and which
would otherwise be in the best interests of Be's stockholders. Among other
things, the board, both itself, through officers of Be and through third
parties, investigated private placements with institutions, funds and private
investors, equity lines of credit and private placements with strategic
investors, the possible sale of the company for stock or cash, and ultimately
asset sale transactions similar of the type ultimately entered into with Palm.

   In early September 2000, at the direction of Be's board of directors, Be's
chief financial officer embarked upon a project whose purpose was to determine
the amount of additional capital Be would require before being profitable and
self-sufficient. As Be began to consider the best course of action to meet its
capital needs, it was focused on securing the capital required for the least
amount of dilution to existing stockholders. In late September and continuing
into early October, Be investigated private placements with high quality
institutions, funds and individuals. Unfortunately, at this time the capital
markets began to rapidly dry up, and Be was unsuccessful in securing capital
through private placements.

   In mid-October 2000, Be began focusing on equity lines of credit as an
alternative source of capital. Be believed that obtaining such a line of credit
would allow it to raise the capital it needed as it needed it, including at
increasing share prices as Be's business improved. However, all of the
available lines of credit Be encountered proved to have highly dilutive
floating priced warrant structures, which were not perceived to be consistent
with the best interests of Be's stockholders, and ultimately no such
transactions were consummated.

   In early November 2000, the board of directors decided to directly contact
over a dozen strategic partners to investigate their interest in investing
equity capital in Be. Be sent each such strategic partner a letter asking it to
express its interest by mid-November, few of which resulted in any meaningful
responses. By late November, in light of all of the foregoing, Be made the
decision to engage a professional advisor to help secure financing. Be
interviewed and investigated a number of investment professionals in this
regard, primarily during December 2000. In mid-January 2001, Be engaged Rochon
Capital for the purpose of securing capital for Be. Given the investment
climate and condition of the stock market at such time, however, the capital
markets for companies such as Be were very scarce. Rochon's efforts continued
throughout January and February 2001, but were ultimately unsuccessful, and
Rochon was unable to secure financing for Be on acceptable terms.

   Following the conclusion of Rochon's efforts in February 2001, the board of
directors decided to hire an investment bank to seek to sell the company or
recapitalize it with new investors. In this regard, Be contacted over a dozen
investment banks during the first part of March 2001. Be decided to engage ING
Barings for several reasons, including the quality of their management team,
the dedication and expertise of their internet appliance analyst, and the
anticipation that a planned acquisition by ABN AMRO of ING Barings would
facilitate Be's

access to international prospects. In the second half of March, the ING Barings
team commenced its work on behalf of Be. These efforts continued through
mid-April. In addition, during this time, Be independently contacted numerous
potential investors and acquirors and explored various options to finance or
sell Be. On or about April 20, 2001, however, ABN AMRO terminated all but one
member of Be's investment team at ING Barings, thereby effectively terminating
its relationship with Be. Consequently, Be recontacted bankers which it had
contacted in March, and settled upon Lehman Brothers Inc. as an attractive
replacement for ING Barings.

   On May 7, 2001, Be engaged Lehman Brothers to assist Be with the exploration
of various strategic alternatives, including the sale of Be. Upon engagement,
Lehman Brothers conducted preliminary financial and business due diligence with
members of Be's management team, and assisted Be with the creation of
descriptive materials to provide to companies evaluating a potential
transaction with Be.

   During May, June and July 2001, Be and Lehman Brothers, both together and
separately, contacted over thirty-five companies to determine their interest in
investing in or acquiring Be. Of the companies contacted, more than twenty were
provided with additional business information to assist them in evaluating a
potential transaction with Be. Approximately ten of these companies indicated
an interest in exploring a potential transaction with Be, and Be and Lehman
Brothers actively pursued further discussions with these companies. Following
these discussions, no companies, apart from Palm, determined to pursue a
strategic or financial transaction with Be.

   Between May 16, 2001 and August 16, 2001, Be entered into discussions and
negotiated with Palm regarding the proposed sale of certain of Be's assets and
technology related to its BeOS and BeIA operating systems. See "The Asset
Sale--Background of the Asset Sale." On August 16, 2001, at a special meeting
of the Be board of directors, Be's board of directors unanimously approved the
sale of substantially all of the assets of Be to Palm pursuant to the asset
purchase agreement, followed by an orderly wind-up of its operations. The Be
board determined that the sale of substantially all of Be's intellectual
property and other technology assets, including those relating to the BeOS and
BeIA operating systems, to Palm and the subsequent winding-up of Be's business
was the course of action that most likely offers the highest return to the Be
stockholders and creditors and that to continue the operation of the business
would reduce the assets and cash that may ultimately be returned to Be
stockholders.

Conclusion of the Be Board of Directors

   On August 16, 2001, the Be board of directors unanimously approved the asset
sale and the plan of dissolution, and resolved to recommend their approval by
the stockholders of Be. In determining to take these actions, the Be board of
directors considered a number of factors, including Be's search for business
combination or other acquisition transactions and the future prospects of Be.
The board of directors had been kept informed continuously of Be's business
affairs and financial condition. The Be board of directors has been apprised by
Lehman Brothers of the search for potential acquirors and the limited response
of parties contacted by them, as well as the market performance of companies in
the software sector and the lack of prospects for Be to be financed as a going
concern. Accordingly, the Be board of directors determined that it would not be
advisable to continue to operate Be on an independent basis indefinitely in
light of the fact that the potential for growth and availability of financing
were improbable. Based on this information, the Be board of directors
determined that a sale of assets and a subsequent dissolution of Be and
distribution to the stockholders of net cash proceeds would likely return the
greatest value to Be stockholders as compared to other alternatives; and that a
subsequent wind-up of Be's operating business would prevent further erosion of
stockholders' equity through continuing net losses and market declines. There
can be no assurance that the net proceeds from the sale of the Palm shares
received upon the closing of the asset sale and the liquidation value per share
of common stock in the hands of the Be stockholders (if one were calculated)
would equal or exceed the price or prices at which the common stock has
recently traded or may trade in the future, or that the liquidation value will
exceed zero. However, the Be board of directors believes that it is in the best
interests of Be and its stockholders and creditors that Be pay or make adequate
provision for its liabilities and obligations and distribute to the
stockholders any remaining proceeds

from the sale of Be's assets as well as any subsequent liquidation value, if
any, received by Be in the course of carrying out the plan of dissolution, if
implemented. If the dissolution of Be is not approved by the stockholders of
Be, and Palm refuses to complete the asset sale on the basis that a condition
to its obligations has therefore not been satisfied, the Be board of directors
will explore what, if any, alternatives are available for the future of Be. The
Be board of directors does not believe, however, that there are viable
alternatives to the asset purchase agreement and the plan of dissolution, and
even if there were, that any of its employees would continue to be available to
execute them.

Possible Effects of the Approval of the Dissolution Upon Directors or Executive
Officers of Be

   It is not currently anticipated that liquidation of Be will result in any
material benefit to any of its directors who participated in the vote to
approve the dissolution of Be, or any of Be's executive officers. However, the
Be board of directors has agreed to confer benefits or bonuses to employees and
officers of Be, including officers who are also directors, in recognition of
their services to Be based on the performance of such employees and officers,
including performance during Be's liquidation process. See "The Asset Sale --
Interests of Some Be Officers and Directors in the Asset Sale."

   The dissolution of Be was approved by the unanimous vote of the directors of
Be. The dissolution of Be will not result in any material increase in value of
the shares, options or warrants held by any directors who participated in the
vote on the dissolution beyond any increase that would generally be available
to all stockholders, optionholders and warrantholders.

Principal Provisions of the Plan of Dissolution

   Be intends to sell or otherwise dispose of all its remaining property and
assets following the asset sale to Palm, with the exception of any property and
assets that the board of directors of Be may deem necessary or desirable to
enable Be to pursue certain claims and causes of action, including under
antitrust laws. Be currently intends to commence the sale of these assets
promptly after the closing of the asset sale. Following the closing of the
asset sale and during and following the liquidation of Be's remaining assets,
Be intends to pay, or provide for the payment of, its remaining liabilities and
obligations to the extent possible. Immediately following the closing of the
asset sale, all but approximately seven employees will have been laid off or
will have accepted employment with Palm. Any sales of Be's assets have been and
will be made in private or public transactions and on such terms as are
approved by the Be board of directors. It is not anticipated that any further
votes of Be's stockholders will be solicited with respect to the approval of
the specific terms of any particular sales of assets approved by the Be board
of directors. See "The Dissolution of Be -- Sale of Be's Remaining Assets."

   Subject to the payment or the provision for payment of Be's liabilities and
other obligations, Be's cash on hand, together with the net cash proceeds from
the sale of the Palm shares received in the asset sale, and any net cash
proceeds from any sales of Be's remaining assets following the asset sale, if
any, will be available for distribution from time to time pro rata to Be's
stockholders. Be intends to establish a reasonable contingency reserve, in an
amount determined by the Be board of directors to be sufficient to satisfy the
liabilities and obligations of Be not otherwise paid, provided for or
discharged. The net balance, if any, of any such contingency reserve remaining
after payment, provision or discharge of all such liabilities, expenses and
obligations will also be available for distribution to Be's stockholders pro
rata. No assurances can be given that there will ultimately be sufficient cash
to provide for Be's liabilities and obligations and to make cash distributions
to Be stockholders. Be currently has no plans to repurchase shares of capital
stock from its stockholders. See "The Dissolution of Be -- Liquidating
Distributions; Nature; Amount; Timing" and "The Dissolution of Be -- Contingent
Liabilities; Contingency Reserve; Liquidating Trust" below.

   If deemed necessary by the Be board of directors for any reason, Be may,
from time to time, transfer any of its unsold assets to one or more trusts
established for the benefit of the stockholders of Be, which property would
thereafter be sold or distributed on terms approved by its trustees. The Be
board of directors may also elect in its

discretion to transfer all or a portion of the contingency reserve, if any, to
such a trust. Any of such trusts are referred to in this proxy
statement/prospectus as "liquidating trusts."

   Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that a distribution or transfer
of any asset cannot be effected without the consent of a governmental
authority, no such distribution or transfer shall be effected without such
consent. In the event of a transfer of assets to a liquidating trust, Be would
distribute, pro rata to the holders of its capital stock, beneficial interests
in any such liquidating trust or trusts. It is anticipated that the interests
in any such trusts will not be transferable; therefore, although the recipients
of the interests would be treated for tax purposes as having received their pro
rata share of property transferred to the liquidating trust or trusts and will
thereafter take into account for tax purposes their allocable portion of any
income, gain or loss realized by such liquidating trust or trusts, the
recipients of the interests will not realize the value thereof unless and until
such liquidating trust or trusts distributes cash or other assets to them. The
plan of dissolution authorizes the Be board of directors to appoint one or more
individuals or entities to act as trustee or trustees of the liquidating trust
or trusts and to cause Be to enter into a liquidating trust agreement or
agreements with such trustee or trustees on such terms and conditions as may be
approved by the Be board of directors. Approval of the dissolution of Be also
will constitute the approval by Be's stockholders of any such appointment and
any liquidating trust agreement or agreements. For further information relating
to liquidating trusts, the appointment of trustees and the liquidating trust
agreements, reference is made to "The Dissolution of Be -- Contingent
Liabilities; Contingency Reserve; Liquidating Trust."

   If the board of directors of Be determines to proceed with the dissolution
of Be, Be will close its stock transfer books and discontinue recording
transfers of shares of common stock on the earliest to occur of (i) the close
of business on the record date fixed by the Be board of directors for the final
liquidating distribution, (ii) the close of business on the date on which the
remaining assets of Be are transferred to a liquidating trust, or (iii) such
other date on which the Be board of directors, in accordance with applicable
law, determines to close such stock transfer books, and, thereafter,
certificates representing shares of preferred and common stock will not be
assignable or transferable on the books of Be except by will, intestate
succession or operation of law. After the stock transfer books are closed, Be
will not issue any new stock certificates, other than replacement certificates.
Any person holding options, warrants or other rights to purchase preferred or
common stock must exercise such instruments or rights prior to the closure of
the stock transfer books. See "The Dissolution of Be -- Listing and Trading of
the Common Stock and Interests in the Liquidating Trust or Trusts" and "The
Dissolution of Be --  Closing of Stock Transfer Books" below.

   Following approval of the dissolution of Be by the Be stockholders and the
closing of the asset sale transaction, and subject to the right of the board of
directors of Be to abandon or delay the dissolution of Be as described in the
plan of dissolution, a certificate of dissolution will be filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware dissolving Be. The dissolution of Be will become
effective, in accordance with Delaware law, upon proper filing of the
certificate of dissolution with the Secretary of State or upon such later date
as may be specified in the certificate of dissolution. Pursuant to Delaware
law, Be will continue to exist for three years after the dissolution becomes
effective or for such longer period as the Delaware Court of Chancery shall
direct, for the purpose of prosecuting and defending suits, whether civil,
criminal or administrative, by or against it, and enabling Be to settle and
close its business, to dispose of and convey its property, to discharge its
liabilities and to distribute to its stockholders any remaining assets, if any,
but not for the purpose of continuing the business for which Be was organized.

Abandonment; Amendment

   Under the terms of the plan of dissolution, the Be board of directors may
modify, amend or abandon (in whole or in part) the plan of dissolution,
notwithstanding stockholder approval, to the extent permitted by Delaware law.
Be will not amend or modify the plan of dissolution under circumstances that
would require additional stockholder solicitations under Delaware law or the
federal securities laws without complying with Delaware law and the federal
securities laws. Among other things, the Be board of directors may modify,
amend

or abandon the plan of dissolution if it determines that it would be in the
best interests of the Be stockholders and creditors for Be not to dissolve,
including in order to permit Be to pursue (or more easily pursue) any retained
claims or causes of action. Such modification or amendment could include the
delay of the dissolution of Be until a future date to be determined by the Be
board of directors.

Liquidating Distributions; Nature; Amount; Timing

   Although the Be board of directors has not established a firm timetable for
any possible distributions to its stockholders if the dissolution of Be is
approved by the stockholders and the asset sale is completed, the Be board of
directors intends, subject to contingencies inherent in winding-up Be's
business, to make any such distributions as promptly as practicable following
the closing of the asset sale. The Be board of directors is, however, currently
unable to predict the precise nature, amount or timing of this distribution or
any other distributions pursuant to the plan of dissolution. The actual nature,
amount and timing of all distributions will be determined by the Be board of
directors, in its sole discretion, and will depend in part upon Be's ability to
convert its remaining assets into cash and pay and settle its significant
remaining liabilities and obligations.

   Uncertainties as to the precise net value of Be's non-cash assets and the
ultimate amount of its liabilities make it impracticable to predict the
aggregate amount, if any, ultimately available for distribution to
stockholders. Claims, liabilities and expenses from operations (including
operating costs, salaries, income taxes, payroll and local taxes, legal and
accounting fees and miscellaneous office expenses), although currently
declining, will continue to be incurred following the closing of the asset
sale. These expenses will reduce the amount of cash available for ultimate
distribution to stockholders, and, while Be does not believe that a precise
estimate of those expenses can currently be made, management and the Be board
of directors believe that available cash and the proceeds from the sale of the
Palm shares to be received at the closing of the asset sale should be adequate
to provide for Be's liabilities and obligations (including contingent
liabilities) and to make cash distributions to stockholders. However, no
assurances can be given that available cash and the proceeds from the sale of
the Palm shares to be received at the closing will be adequate to provide for
Be's liabilities and obligations or to make cash distributions to stockholders.
If such available cash and the proceeds from the sale of the Palm shares are
not adequate to provide for Be's liabilities and obligations, distributions to
Be's stockholders will be reduced or eliminated.

Sale of Be's Remaining Assets

   The plan of dissolution contemplates the sale of all of the remaining assets
of Be following the closing of the asset sale transaction with Palm, with the
exception (in the discretion of the Be board of directors) of any assets that
the board of directors of Be may deem necessary or desirable to enable Be to
pursue certain claims and causes of action, including under antitrust laws.
Agreements for the sale of Be's remaining assets and actual sales may be
entered into prior to the special meeting and approved by the board of
directors and officers of Be. Approval of the dissolution of Be will constitute
approval of any such agreements and sales, whether or not required. Sales of
Be's assets have been and will be made on such terms as are approved by the Be
board of directors and may be conducted by either competitive bidding, public
sales or privately negotiated sales. It is not anticipated that any further
stockholder votes will be solicited with respect to the approval of the
specific terms of any particular sales of assets approved by the board of
directors or officers of Be. Be does not anticipate amending or supplementing
this proxy statement/prospectus to reflect any such agreement or sale, unless
required by applicable law. The prices at which Be has been and will be able to
sell its various assets depends largely on factors beyond Be's control,
including, without limitation, the condition of financial markets, the
availability of financing to prospective purchasers of the assets, United
States and foreign regulatory approvals, public market perceptions, and
limitations on transferability of certain assets. In addition, Be may not
obtain as high a price for a particular asset as it might secure if Be were not
in liquidation.

Future Conduct of Be

   Following approval of the dissolution of Be pursuant to the plan of
dissolution by Be's stockholders, completion of the asset sale transaction and
the filing of its certificate of dissolution, establishing a contingency
reserve for payment of Be's expenses and liabilities, including liabilities
incurred but not paid or settled prior to approval of the dissolution, selling
any remaining assets of Be, terminating any remaining commercial agreements,
relationships or outstanding obligations of Be, Be's activities will be limited
to distributing its assets in accordance with the plan of dissolution.
Following the approval of the dissolution of Be pursuant to the plan of
dissolution by Be's stockholders, Be shall continue to indemnify its officers,
directors, employees and agents in accordance with its certificate of
incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, including for actions taken in
connection with the plan of dissolution and the winding-up of the affairs of
Be. Be's obligation to indemnify such persons may be satisfied out of the
assets of any liquidating trust. The Be board of directors and the trustees of
any liquidating trust may obtain and maintain such insurance as may be
necessary to cover Be's indemnification obligations under the plan of
dissolution.

Reporting Requirements

   Whether or not the dissolution of Be pursuant to the plan of dissolution is
approved, Be has an obligation to continue to comply with the applicable
reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, even though
compliance with such reporting requirements is economically burdensome. If the
dissolution of Be pursuant to the plan of dissolution is approved and, in order
to curtail expenses, Be may, after filing its certificate of dissolution, seek
relief from the SEC from the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act.

Contingent Liabilities; Contingency Reserve; Liquidating Trust

   Under Delaware law, Be is required, in connection with its dissolution, to
pay or provide for payment of all of its liabilities and obligations. Following
the approval of the plan of dissolution by Be's stockholders and the closing of
the asset sale, Be intends to pay all expenses and fixed and other known
liabilities, or set aside as a contingency reserve cash and other assets which
it believes to be adequate for payment thereof. Be is currently unable to
estimate with precision the amount of any contingency reserve which may be
required, but any such amount (in addition to any cash contributed to a
liquidating trust, if one or more are utilized) will be deducted before the
determination of amounts that might be available for distribution to
stockholders.

   The actual amount of the contingency reserve will be based upon estimates
and opinions of management and the Be board of directors and derived from
consultations with outside experts and review of Be's estimated operating
expenses and future estimated liabilities, including, without limitation,
anticipated compensation payments, estimated legal and accounting fees,
operating lease expenses, payroll and other taxes payable, miscellaneous office
expenses, expenses accrued in Be's financial statements, and reserves for
litigation expenses. There can be no assurance that the contingency reserve in
fact will be sufficient. Be has not made any specific provision for an increase
in the amount of the contingency reserve. Subsequent to the establishment of
the contingency reserve, Be will distribute to its stockholders any portions of
the contingency reserve which it deems no longer to be required. After the
liabilities, expenses and obligations for which the contingency reserve has
been established have been satisfied in full, Be will distribute to its
stockholders any remaining portion of the contingency reserve.

   If deemed necessary, appropriate or desirable by the Be board of directors
for any reason, Be may, from time to time, transfer any of its unsold assets to
one or more liquidating trusts, or other structure it deems appropriate,
established for the benefit of the stockholders of Be, which property would
thereafter be sold or distributed on terms approved by its trustees. The Be
board of directors and management may determine to transfer assets to a
liquidating trust in circumstances where the nature of an asset is not
susceptible to distribution (for example, interests in intangibles) or where
the Be board of directors determines that it would not be in the best interests
of Be and its stockholders who then hold interests in such trust for such
assets to be distributed

directly to the stockholders at such time. The Be board of directors may also
elect in its discretion to transfer the contingency reserve, if any, to such a
liquidating trust. The purpose of a liquidating trust would be to distribute
such property or to sell such property on terms satisfactory to the liquidating
trustees, and distribute the proceeds of such sale after paying those
liabilities of Be, if any, assumed by the trust, to Be's stockholders. Any
liquidating trust acquiring all of the unsold assets of Be will assume all of
the liabilities and obligations of Be and will be obligated to pay any expenses
and liabilities of Be which remain unsatisfied. If the contingency reserve
transferred to the liquidating trust is exhausted, such expenses and
liabilities will be satisfied out of the liquidating trust's other unsold
assets.

   The plan of dissolution authorizes the Be board of directors to appoint one
or more individuals or entities to act as trustee or trustees of the
liquidating trust or trusts and to cause Be to enter into a liquidating trust
agreement or agreements with such trustee or trustees on such terms and
conditions as may be approved by the Be board of directors. It is anticipated
that the Be board of directors will select such trustee or trustees on the
basis of the experience of such individual or entity in administering and
disposing of assets and discharging liabilities of the kind to be held by the
liquidating trust or trusts and the ability of such individual or entity to
serve the best interests of Be's stockholders or creditors. Approval of the
dissolution of Be by the stockholders will also constitute the approval by Be's
stockholders of any such appointment and any liquidating trust agreement or
agreements.

   Be may decide to use a liquidating trust or trusts, and the Be board of
directors believes the flexibility provided by the plan of dissolution with
respect to the liquidating trusts to be advisable. The trust would be evidenced
by a trust agreement between Be and the trustees. The purpose of the trust
would be to serve as a temporary repository for the trust property prior to its
disposition or distribution to Be's stockholders to whom interests in the trust
are distributed. The transfer to the trust and distribution of interests
therein to Be's stockholders would enable Be to divest itself of the trust
property and permit Be's stockholders to enjoy the economic benefits of
ownership thereof. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trust property would be
transferred to the trustees immediately prior to the distribution of interests
in the trust to Be's stockholders, to be held in trust for the benefit of the
stockholder beneficiaries subject to the terms of the trust agreement. It is
anticipated that the interests would be evidenced only by the records of the
trust and there would be no certificates or other tangible evidence of such
interests and that no holder of common stock would be required to pay any cash
or other consideration for the interests to be received in the distribution or
to surrender or exchange shares of common stock in order to receive the
interests.

   It is further anticipated that pursuant to the trust agreements: (i) a
majority of the trustees would be required to be independent of Be's
management; (ii) approval of a majority of the trustees would be required to
take any action; and (iii) the trust would be irrevocable and would terminate
after, the earliest of (a) the trust property having been fully distributed, or
(b) a majority in interest of the beneficiaries of the trust, or a majority of
the trustees, having approved of such termination, or (c) a specified number of
years having elapsed after the creation of the trust.

   Under Delaware law, in the event Be fails to create an adequate contingency
reserve for payment of its expenses and liabilities, or should such contingency
reserve and the assets held by the liquidating trust or trusts be exceeded by
the amount ultimately found payable in respect of expenses and liabilities,
each stockholder could be held liable for the payment to creditors of such
stockholder's pro rata share of such excess, limited to the amounts previously
received by such stockholder from Be or from the liquidating trust or trusts.

   If Be were held by a court to have failed to make adequate provision for its
expenses and liabilities or if the amount ultimately required to be paid in
respect of such liabilities exceeded the amount available from the contingency
reserve and the assets of the liquidating trust or trusts, a creditor of Be
could seek an injunction against the making of distributions under the plan of
dissolution on the ground that the amounts to be distributed were needed to
provide for the payment of Be's expenses and liabilities. Any such action could
delay, substantially diminish or eliminate any cash distributions to be made to
stockholders and/or interest holders under the plan of dissolution.

Closing of Be Stock Transfer Books

   Be intends to close its stock transfer books and discontinue recording
transfers of shares of common stock on the earliest to occur of (i) the close
of business on the record date fixed by the Be board of directors for the final
liquidating distribution, (ii) the close of business on the date on which the
remaining assets of Be are transferred to a liquidating trust, or (iii) such
other date on which the Be board of directors, in accordance with applicable
law, determines to close such stock transfer books. After such date,
certificates representing shares of common stock will not be assignable or
transferable on the books of Be except by will, intestate succession or
operation of law. After the stock transfer books are closed, Be will not issue
any new stock certificates, other than replacement certificates. It is also
anticipated that no further trading of Be's shares will occur on or after such
date. See "The Dissolution of Be -- Listing and Trading of the Common Stock and
Interests in the Liquidating Trust or Trusts" below. All liquidating
distributions from Be or a liquidating trust on or after the date for filing
the certificate of dissolution will be made to stockholders according to their
holdings of capital stock as of the date of filing of the certificate of
dissolution. Subsequent to the closing of the stock transfer books, Be may at
its election require stockholders to surrender certificates representing their
shares of the capital stock in order to receive subsequent distributions.
Stockholders should not forward their stock certificates before receiving
instructions to do so. If surrender of stock certificates should be required,
all distributions otherwise payable by Be or the liquidating trust, if any, to
stockholders who have not surrendered their stock certificates may be held in
trust for such stockholders, without interest, until the surrender of their
certificates (subject to escheat pursuant to the laws relating to unclaimed
property). If a stockholder's certificate evidencing the Be common stock has
been lost, stolen or destroyed, the stockholder may be required to furnish Be
with satisfactory evidence of the loss, theft or destruction thereof, together
with a surety bond or other indemnity, as a condition to the receipt of any
distribution.

Listing and Trading of the Common Stock and Interests in the Liquidating Trust
or Trusts

   Be currently expects that trading in the Be shares will cease on and after
the date on which its stock transfer books are closed.

   The common stock is currently listed for trading on the Nasdaq National
Market. For continued listing, a company, among other things, must meet certain
minimum requirements with respect to net tangible assets, market value of its
securities held by non-affiliates, and minimum bid prices per share. Be's
common stock has been trading below the minimum bid price required for
continued listing, and Be cannot be sure that the bid price will rise above the
required minimum bid price. In addition, a company must maintain an operating
business. Be has received notice that its common stock will be delisted from
the Nasdaq National Market in the near future if it continues to trade below
the minimum bid price required for continued listing. However, Be plans to
request a hearing before a Nasdaq Listing Qualification Panel to review this
determination. Be expects that, as a result of the notification from Nasdaq,
the cessation of its operations and the anticipated decrease in its assets
resulting from distributions to its stockholders, its common stock will be
delisted from the Nasdaq National Market not later than shortly after the
special meeting of Be stockholders. Trading, if any, in the common stock would
thereafter be conducted in the over-the-counter market in the so-called "pink
sheets" or the NASD's "Electronic Bulletin Board". As a consequence of such
delisting, an investor would likely find it more difficult to dispose of, or to
obtain quotations as to, the price of the common stock. Delisting of the common
stock may result in lower prices for the common stock than would otherwise
prevail.

   After Be closes its stock transfer books, the stockholders will not be able
to transfer their shares. It is anticipated that the interests in a liquidating
trust or trusts will not be transferable, although no determination has yet
been made. Such determination will be made by the Be board of directors and
management prior to the transfer of unsold assets to the liquidating trust and
will be based on, among other things, the Be board of directors, and
management's estimate of the value of the assets being transferred to the
liquidating trust or trusts, tax matters and the impact of compliance with
applicable securities laws. Should the interests be transferable, Be plans to
distribute an information statement with respect to the liquidating trust or
trusts at the time of the transfer

of assets and the liquidating trust or trusts may be required to comply with
the periodic reporting and proxy requirements of the Exchange Act. The costs of
compliance with such requirements would reduce the amount which otherwise could
be distributed to Be stockholders. Even if transferable, the interests are not
expected to be listed on a national securities exchange or quoted through
Nasdaq, and the extent of any trading market therein cannot be predicted.
Moreover, the interests may not be accepted by commercial lenders as security
for loans as readily as more conventional securities with established trading
markets.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

   See "The Asset Sale -- Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences."

Absence of Appraisal Rights

   Under Delaware law, the stockholders of Be are not entitled to appraisal
rights for their shares of common stock in connection with the dissolution of
Be pursuant to the plan of dissolution.

Regulatory Approvals

   No United States federal or state regulatory requirements must be complied
with or approvals obtained in connection with the dissolution other than any
requirements of applicable Delaware law.

Vote Required and Board Recommendation

   The approval of the plan of dissolution and adoption of the plan of
dissolution of Be requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of Be common stock. Members of the Be board of directors
and the executive officers of Be who held as of the record date an aggregate of
    shares of common stock (approximately   % of the outstanding shares of
common stock) have entered into stockholder support agreements and irrevocable
proxies pursuant to which they have committed to vote in favor of the proposal.
The Be board of directors has approved dissolution and the adoption of the plan
of dissolution of Be, and recommends that the stockholders of Be vote in favor
of the dissolution of Be pursuant to the plan of dissolution.

     SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF BE

   The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of the common stock of Be as of August 31, 2001 by:

   . each stockholder who is known by Be to own beneficially 5% percent or more
     of the common stock of Be;

   . each of Be's directors;

   . Be's chief executive officer;

   . each of Be's executive officers; and

   . all of Be's directors and executive officers as a group.

   Except as otherwise noted, the address of each person listed in the table is
c/o Be Incorporated, 800 El Camino Real, Suite 400, Menlo Park, CA 94025.
Unless otherwise indicated, to Be's knowledge, all persons listed below have
sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares of Be's common
stock, except to the extent authority is shared by spouses under applicable
law. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and includes voting and investment power
with respect to shares. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 36,792,523
shares of common stock outstanding as of August 31, 2001 together with options
that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of August 31,
2001. In computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a
person, shares of common stock subject to options currently exercisable, or
exercisable within 60 days of August 31, 2001 are counted as outstanding, while
these shares are not counted as outstanding for computing the percentage
ownership of any other person.

                                                                      Shares Beneficially Owned
                                                    Shares Issuable         (Including the
                                                      pursuant to          Number of Shares
                                                  Options Exercisable Shown in the First Column)
                                                   within 60 days of  --------------------------
Name of Beneficial Owner                            August 31, 2001       Number       Percent
- ------------------------                          -------------------   ---------       -------

Jean-Louis Gassee................................        335,416      4,317,177       11.63%
Barry M. Weinman(1)..............................         96,875        844,521        2.29%
Steve M. Sakoman.................................        630,622        790,733        2.11%
Garrett P. Gruener...............................         96,875        162,062            *
Stewart Alsop....................................         96,875         96,875            *
P.C. Berndt......................................        107,499        107,499            *
William F. Zuendt................................         50,000         50,000            *
Andrei M. Manoliu(2).............................         41,666         48,031            *
All officers and directors as a group (8 persons)      1,455,828      6,416,898       16.78%

- --------
 * Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent of the common
   stock.

(1)Consists of 703,848 shares held by AVl Capital, L.P., 2,000 shares held by
   Virginia Weinman, the wife of Mr. Weinman, and 1,000 shares held by the
   Weinman Family Trust. AVl Capital Management, L.P. is the general partner of
   AVl Capital, L.P. Mr. Weinman is a general partner of AVl Capital
   Management. Mr. Weinman disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares
   except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

(2)Shares are held by the Manoliu-Neimat Living Trust, of which Dr. Manoliu is
   a trustee. Dr. Manoliu was formerly a partner in the law firm of Cooley
   Godward LLP, Be's outside legal counsel.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

   Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires Be's directors
and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class
of Be's equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities
of Be. Officers, directors and greater than 10% stockholders are required by
SEC regulation to furnish Be with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

                BE INCORPORATED CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Be Incorporated Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (Unaudited)

   The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheet of Be
as of June 30, 2001 presents the financial position of Be assuming the asset
sale and the approval of the plan of dissolution of Be had occurred on June 30,
2001. All material adjustments required to reflect the sale of assets and the
approval of the plan of dissolution are set forth in the columns labeled "Sale
Adjustments" and "Dissolution Adjustments." The data contained in the column
labeled "Historical Be" is derived from Be's historical unaudited consolidated
balance sheet as of June 30, 2001. The unaudited pro forma condensed
consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and
the consolidated financial statements of Be, including the notes thereto,
appearing in Be's Annual Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and on
interim report Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2001. The pro forma
data is for informational purposes only and may not necessarily reflect Be's
financial position or what Be's financial position would have been had Be
consummated the asset sale and completed the dissolution on June 30, 2001.
There can be no assurance that the estimated net assets indicated below will be
realized if Be were liquidated, wound up and dissolved. Be believes that there
is a likelihood that certain risks related to the liquidation, winding-up and
dissolution of Be may result in holders of common stock realizing less than the
estimated net asset value shown in the pro forma condensed consolidated balance
sheet. These risks include, without limitation, the ultimate outcome of known
and unknown claims, litigation, debts and liabilities. The valuation of assets
and liabilities necessarily requires estimates and assumptions by management
and there are substantial uncertainties in carrying out any plan of
dissolution. The actual value of any liquidating distributions to Be's
stockholders will depend upon a variety of factors including, but not limited
to, the actual net proceeds from the sale of Be's assets (including those
subject to the Palm asset sale), the ultimate settlement amounts of Be's
liabilities and obligations (including the settlement of known and unknown
claims or litigation), actual costs incurred in connection with carrying out
the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of Be, including costs of
liquidation and establishing reserves, and the actual timing of the final
dissolution of Be. The asset values and liability settlements ultimately
realized in the liquidation, winding-up and dissolution of Be could materially
differ from the amounts shown in the pro forma condensed consolidated balance
sheet below. No assurance can be given that the amount of any liquidating
distributions to Be stockholders will equal the estimated amounts included in
the pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheet below.

                                                       Historical    Sale               Dissolution         Pro
                                                           Be     Adjustments           Adjustments        Forma
                                                       ---------- -----------           -----------      ---------

ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents.......................... $   3,148    $    --               $    --        $   3,148
   Short-term investments.............................     1,754     11,000(A)                 --           12,754
   Accounts receivable................................       276         --                   (56)(D)          220
   Prepaid and other current assets...................       356      1,625(F)               (220)(D)        1,761
                                                       ---------    -------               -------        ---------
      Total current assets............................     5,534     12,625                  (276)(D)       17,883
Property and equipment, net...........................       311         --                  (249)(D)           62
Other assets, net of accumulated amortization.........       713         --                  (689)(D)           24
                                                       ---------    -------               -------        ---------
      Total assets.................................... $   6,558    $12,625               $(1,214)       $  17,969
                                                       =========    =======               =======        =========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable................................... $      25    $    --               $    --        $      25
   Accrued expenses...................................     1,085      4,253(B)              3,930 (E)        9,268
   Technology license obligations, current portion....       425         --                    --              425
   Deferred revenue...................................        64         --                   (64)(D)           --
                                                       ---------    -------               -------        ---------
      Total current liabilities.......................     1,599      4,253                 3,866            9,718
Technology license obligations, net of current portion       238         --                    --              238
                                                       ---------    -------               -------        ---------
      Total liabilities...............................     1,837      4,253                 3,866            9,956
                                                       ---------    -------               -------        ---------
Stockholders' Equity:
   Common stock.......................................        36          2(C)                 --               38
   Additional paid-in capital.........................   109,062        271(C)                 --          109,333
   Accumulated other comprehensive income.............         2         --                    --                2
   Deferred stock compensation........................      (551)        --                   551 (D)           --
   Accumulated deficit................................  (103,828)     8,099(A)(B)(C)(F)    (5,631)(D)(E)  (101,360)
                                                       ---------    -------               -------        ---------
      Total stockholders' equity......................     4,721      8,372                (5,080)           8,013
                                                       ---------    -------               -------        ---------
      Total liabilities and stockholders' equity...... $   6,558    $12,625               $(1,214)       $  17,969
                                                       =========    =======               =======        =========

Note 1. Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet

   The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheet gives effect to
the asset sale and dissolution of Be, as described below, as if these events
had occurred as of June 30, 2001.

Asset Sale

   On August 16, 2001, following the approval of the Be board of directors Be
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Palm, a Delaware corporation, and
ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and an indirect
wholly owned subsidiary of Palm. The Asset Purchase Agreement contemplates
that, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions contained therein
(including obtaining the approval of the stockholders of Be), Palm would
acquire (through ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation) substantially all of
Be's intellectual property and other technology assets (the "Acquisition") for
a purchase price of $11 million, to be paid in shares of common stock of Palm.
Be currently intends to liquidate these shares by selling them for cash
immediately following the closing of the Acquisition. There is no assurance
that Be can successfully consummate the sale of its assets, secure additional
financing or otherwise increase its liquidity.

Plan of Dissolution

   On August 16, 2001, the board of directors of Be also approved the
dissolution of Be pursuant to the plan of dissolution and is recommending that
its stockholders approve the dissolution and adopt the plan of dissolution of
Be. Assuming Be's stockholders approve the dissolution and the asset sale, Be
intends to then close the asset sale and thereafter wind-up its affairs. The
proceeds from the asset sale and the sale of Be's remaining assets will be used
to pay or adequately provide for Be's debts and liabilities and obligations.
Any remaining assets will thereafter be available for distribution to Be's
stockholders in one or more distributions, pursuant to the plan of dissolution.
The following adjustments are reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed
consolidated balance sheet:

      (A) To record the total sale price of approximately $11 million to be
   paid in shares of common stock of Palm. Be currently intends to liquidate
   these shares by selling them for cash immediately following the closing of
   the Acquisition.

      (B) To record accrual for estimated costs related to the sale, which
   include net payments to employees of $3.1 million and other liabilities of
   $1.1 million.

      (C) To record the estimated non cash expense related to the stock bonuses
   granted to employees.

      (D) To record adjustments to state net assets at estimated liquidation
   value.

      (E) To record accrual for estimated costs of liquidation and dissolution,
   which primarily related to existing insurance, lease and contract
   obligations.

      (F) To record the estimated amounts to be received under the funding
   agreement signed between Palm and Be.

Be Incorporated Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations

   The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statements of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the six months ended June
30, 2001 were prepared to illustrate the estimated effects of the asset sale to
Palm without taking into effect Be's proposed liquidation. The unaudited pro
forma condensed consolidated statements of operations assume that the sale
occurred as of January 1, 2000. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
statements of operations exclude the effects of transactions that are not
reasonably expected to reoccur subsequent to the asset sale.

   The data contained in the columns labeled "Historical Be" is derived from
Be's historical audited consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2000, and Be's historical unaudited consolidated statement of
operations for the six months ended June 30, 2001.

   The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statements of operations
should be read in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial
statements of Be, including the notes thereto, appearing in Be's Annual Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and on interim report Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended June 30, 2001. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
statements of operations and related notes are provided for informational
purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations
that would have been reported had the events assumed occurred on the dates
indicated, or purport to be indicative of results of operations that may be
achieved in the future.

                                                                                                          Pro
                                                                    Pro     Historical                   Forma
                                      Historical                   Forma       Six                        Six
                                         Year                       Year      Months                    Months
                                        Ended     Pro Forma        Ended      Ended     Pro Forma        Ended
Be Incorporated                       12/31/2000 Adjustments     12/31/2000 6/30/2001  Adjustments     6/30/2001
- ---------------                       ---------- -----------     ---------- ---------- -----------     ---------
                                                        (in thousands, except per share data)

Net revenues.........................  $    480    $  (480)(i)    $     --   $   815     $  (815)(i)    $    --
Cost of revenues.....................     1,097       (241)(ii)        856       571         (84)(ii)       487
                                       --------    -------        --------   -------     -------        -------
Gross profit (loss)..................      (617)      (239)           (856)      244        (731)          (487)
Operating expenses:
 Research and development............     9,139     (5,875)(iii)     3,264     4,807      (2,689)(iii)    2,118
 Sales and marketing.................     7,812       (170)(iii)     7,642     2,074         (83)(iii)    1,991
 General and administrative..........     4,740       (289)(iii)     4,451     2,596        (147)(iii)    2,449
 Restructuring charge................        --         --              --       450          --            450
                                       --------    -------        --------   -------     -------        -------
   Total operating expenses..........    21,691     (6,334)         15,357     9,927      (2,919)         7,008
                                       --------    -------        --------   -------     -------        -------
Loss from operations.................   (22,308)     6,093         (16,215)   (9,683)      2,188         (7,495)
Other income, net....................     1,156         --           1,156       230          --            230
                                       --------    -------        --------   -------     -------        -------
Net (loss) income....................  $(21,152)   $ 6,093        $(15,059)  $(9,453)    $ 2,188        $(7,265)
                                       ========    =======        ========   =======     =======        =======
Net loss per share--basic and diluted  $  (0.60)                  $  (0.42)  $ (0.26)                   $ (0.20)
                                       ========                   ========   =======                    =======
Shares used in per common share
  calculation--basic and diluted.....    35,533                     35,533    36,330                     36,330
                                       ========                   ========   =======                    =======

Note 1--Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations

   The following adjustments are to reflect the elimination of revenues
generated from substantially all of Be's intellectual property and other
technology assets sold to Palm, as well as expenses relating to continuing
employees assumed by Palm.

    (i) To record the elimination of revenues generated from substantially all
        of Be's intellectual property and other technology assets sold to Palm;

    (ii)To record the elimination of the variable component of costs of
        revenues; and

   (iii)To record the elimination of actual expenses incurred during the
        respective period for the employees hired by Palm.

                     COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF BE
                      COMMON STOCK AND PALM COMMON STOCK

   This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes material
differences between the rights of holders of Be's common stock and holders of
Palm's common stock. Be's certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each as
currently in effect, govern the rights of the stockholders of Be. Following the
asset sale, Be stockholders will continue to be stockholders only of Be. Upon
the closing of the asset sale, Be will itself become a stockholder of Palm, but
no individual stockholder of Be will by reason of the asset sale become a
stockholder of Palm. Moreover, Be intends to sell for cash the Palm shares
received in the transaction immediately following the closing, and thus does
not expect to remain a stockholder of Palm in the long term.

   The rights of Palm's stockholders are governed by Palm's certificate of
incorporation and Palm's bylaws. Each company is incorporated under the laws of
the State of Delaware. Accordingly, the Delaware General Corporation Law
governs the rights of stockholders of Be and Palm. A number of provisions of
Palm's charter documents may have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change in control of Palm. The following summary does not purport
to be a complete statement of the rights of holders of shares of Palm's common
stock under applicable Delaware law, Palm's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, nor does it purport to be a comprehensive comparison with the rights of
the holders of shares of Be's common stock under applicable Delaware law, Be's
certificate of incorporation and Be's bylaws. The identification of specific
differences is not meant to indicate that other equally or more significant
differences do not exist. This summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the applicable Delaware law and the governing corporate documents
of Palm and Be.

Classes of Common Stock of Be and Palm

   Each company has one class of common stock issued and outstanding. Holders
of Palm's common stock and holders of Be's common stock are each entitled to
one vote for each share held.

Board of Directors

   Palm's board of directors currently consists of eight (8) directors. The
number of directors on Palm's board shall be fixed and may be changed from time
to time by resolution of a majority of the board of directors. Palm's directors
are classified into three classes, each serving for a term of three (3) years.

   Be's board of directors currently consists of seven (7) directors. The
number of directors on Be's board shall be fixed by one or more resolutions
adopted by Be's board of directors. Be's directors are divided into three
classes and are elected for a term of three (3) years.

Removal of Directors

   Palm's directors, or the entire Palm board, may be removed only for cause by
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Palm entitled to vote in the election of directors. "Cause" is not
defined in Palm's bylaws.

   Be's directors, or the entire Be board, may be removed only for cause by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Be entitled to vote in the election of directors. "Cause" is not
defined in Be's bylaws.

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors

   Vacancies on Palm's board of directors and newly created directorships
resulting from any increase in the number of authorized directors or any
vacancies, may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of
directors, even though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
Whenever the holders of any

class or classes of stock are entitled to elect one or more directors by the
provisions of the certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created
directorships of such class or classes may be filled by a majority of the
directors elected by such class or classes. If the remaining members of the
board who fill such vacancy are less than a majority of the board (as
constituted immediately prior to such increase), any Palm stockholder or
stockholders holding at least ten percent of the outstanding shares of Palm
entitled to vote may request that the Delaware Court of Chancery order an
election to fill any such vacancy or newly created directorships or to replace
the directors chosen by the remaining board members to fill such newly created
directorships. If at any time, Palm has no directors in office, then any
officer or any stockholder may call a special meeting of stockholders solely
for the purpose of electing directors in accordance with the provisions of the
certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Palm or may apply to the Delaware
Court of Chancery for a decree ordering an election. Any director elected to
fill a vacancy to Palm's board of directors may hold office only for the
remainder of the full term of the class to which the director was appointed or
until a successor is elected and qualified.

   Any vacancies on Be's board of directors resulting from death, resignation,
disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships
resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even though less
than a quorum (unless the board of directors determines by resolution that such
vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders). Any
director elected to fill a vacancy to the Be board of directors may hold office
only for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy
was created or occurred and until a successor is elected and qualified. If the
remaining members of the board who fill such vacancy are less than a majority
of the board (as constituted immediately prior to such increase), any Be
stockholder or stockholders holding at least ten percent of the outstanding
shares of Be entitled to vote may request that the Delaware Court of Chancery
order an election to fill any such vacancy or newly created directorships or to
replace the directors chosen by the remaining board members to fill such newly
created directorships.

Stockholder Action by Written Consent

   Palm's stockholders may take action at annual or special meetings of
stockholders, but Palm's stockholders may not take action by written consent.

   Be's stockholders may take action at annual or special meetings of
stockholders, but Be's stockholders may not take action by written consent.

Ability to Call Special Meetings

   Only Palm's board of directors or the chairman of the board of directors may
call special meetings of Palm's stockholders.

   Be's chairman of the board of directors, Be's chief executive officer, Be's
board of directors (pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the
authorized directors) or the holders of fifty percent (50%) of Be's common
stock may call special meetings of Be stockholders for any purpose. In the
event the meeting is called by any person or persons other than Be's board of
directors, the request must be in writing, specify the general nature of the
business proposed to be transacted and delivered to the chairman of the board,
chief executive officer or secretary of Be and the board of directors shall fix
the date of such special meeting (not less than 35 days and not more than 120
days after the receipt of such request).

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Proposals

   Palm's bylaws allow stockholders to nominate candidates for election to
Palm's board of directors at any annual meeting at which the board of directors
has determined that directors will be elected. In addition, Palm's bylaws allow
stockholders to propose business to be brought before any annual meeting.
However, nominations

and proposals may only be made by a stockholder who has given timely written
notice to the Secretary of Palm before the annual meeting.

   Under Palm's bylaws, to be timely, notice of stockholder nominations or
proposals to be made at an annual meeting must be received by the Secretary of
Palm no less than 90 days in advance of the first anniversary of the preceding
year's annual meeting. If Palm did not have an annual meeting the previous year
or if the annual meeting date for the current year has been changed by more
than 30 days from the date of the previous year's annual meeting, notice will
be timely if received by Palm no earlier than the later of 10 days after the
day Palm publicly announces the date of the annual meeting for the current year
or 90 days in advance of such meeting.

   A stockholder's notice regarding business proposed to be brought before the
meeting must set forth all of the following:

   . a brief description of the business the stockholder proposes to bring
     before the meeting;

   . any material interest of the stockholder in the business proposed;

   . the stockholder's name and address as they appear on Palm's books;

   . the class and number of shares of Palm which are beneficially owned by the
     stockholder; and

   . any other information required to be provided by the stockholder pursuant
     to the Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act.

   In addition to the information required in a notice proposing business to be
brought before an annual meeting, in connection with a stockholder's nomination
of persons for election to the board of directors, the stockholder must
provide:

   . name, age, business address and residence address of each nominee proposed
     in the notice;

   . the principal occupation or employment of the nominee;

   . the class and number of shares of Palm stock beneficially owned by the
     nominee;

   . a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
     stockholder and each nominee and any other persons pursuant to which the
     stockholder is making the nomination; and

   . any other information required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies
     for election of directors or information otherwise required pursuant to
     Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act relating to any person that the
     stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director,
     including that person's written consent to being named in the proxy
     statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected.

   Stockholder nominations and proposals will not be brought before any Palm
annual meeting unless the nomination or proposal was brought before the meeting
in accordance with Palm's stockholder advance notice procedure.

   Be's bylaws allow stockholders to propose business to be brought before an
annual or a special stockholder meeting. In addition, Be's bylaws allow
stockholders who are entitled to vote in the election of directors to nominate
candidates for election to Be's board of directors at either an annual or
special meeting of stockholders. However, proposals of business and nominations
of persons for election to Be's board of directors may only be made by a
stockholder who has given timely written notice to the Secretary of Be before
the stockholder meeting.

   Under Be's bylaws, to be timely, notice of stockholder proposals or
nominations to be made at an annual or special meeting of stockholders must be
received by the Secretary of Be not later than 90 days and not earlier than 120
days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting. If
the annual meeting date for

the current year has been changed by more than 30 days from the date of the
previous year's annual meeting, notice will be timely if received by Be not
earlier than 120 days before such annual meeting and not later than 90 days in
advance of such meeting or 10 days after the day Be publicly announces the date
of the annual meeting for the current year. Also, in the event that the number
of directors to be elected is increased and there is no public announcement at
least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual
meeting, a stockholder's notice will be timely if delivered to the Secretary of
Be not later than 10 days after such public announcement is first made by Be.
Notice of stockholder nominations of persons for election to Be's board of
directors to be made at a special meeting of stockholders must be received by
the Secretary of Be not later than 90 days and not earlier than 120 days prior
to such special meeting or 10 days after a public announcement is first made of
the date of the special meeting.

   A stockholder's notice to Be regarding the proposal of business for an
annual meeting must set forth all of the following:

   . a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the
     meeting;

   . the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting;

   . any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the
     beneficial owner (if any) on whose behalf the proposal is made;

   . the name and address of such stockholder as they appear on Be's books and
     records and of such beneficial owner;

   . the class and number of shares of Be owned beneficially and of record by
     such stockholder and beneficial owner; and

   . whether either such stockholder or beneficial owner intends to deliver a
     proxy statement and form of proxy to holders, in the case of a proposal,
     of at least the percentage of voting shares required to carry the proposal
     under applicable law or, in the case of a nomination, a sufficient number
     of voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees.

   In addition to the information required in a notice proposing business to be
brought before an annual meeting, a stockholder's notice to Be regarding the
nomination of a director must set forth all information relating to such person
that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of
directors in an election contest or is otherwise required pursuant to
Regulation 14A and Rule 14a-11 under the Exchange Act.

   Stockholder proposals and nominations will not be brought before any Be
stockholder meeting unless the proposal or nomination was brought before the
meeting in accordance with Be's stockholder notice procedure.

Preferred Stock

   The certificates of incorporation of both Palm and Be provide that their
respective boards of directors are authorized to provide for the issuance of
shares of undesignated preferred stock in one or more series, and to fix the
designations, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and
any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof.

Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation

   Delaware law allows amendment of a corporation's certificate of
incorporation if its board of directors adopts a resolution setting forth the
amendment proposed and declaring its advisability and the stockholders
thereafter approve such proposed amendment, either at a special meeting called
by the board for the purpose of approval of such amendment by the stockholders
or, if so directed by the board, at the next annual stockholders' meeting. At
any such meeting, the proposed amendment generally must be approved by a
majority of the

outstanding shares entitled to vote. The holders of the outstanding shares of a
class are entitled to vote as a separate class upon a proposed amendment,
whether or not entitled to vote thereon by the certificate of incorporation, if
the amendment would increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized
shares of such class, increase or decrease the par value of the shares of such
class or alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the
shares of such class so as to affect them adversely. If any proposed amendment
would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of one or more
series of any class so as to affect them adversely, but not affect the entire
class, then only the shares of the series so affected by the amendment will be
considered a separate class for the purposes of a vote on the amendment. Under
Delaware law, a corporation's certificate of incorporation also may require,
for action by the board of directors or by the holders of any class or series
of voting securities, the vote of a greater number or proportion than is
required by the Delaware law and the provision of the certificate of
incorporation requiring such greater vote may also provide that such provision
cannot be altered, amended or repealed except by such greater vote.

   Palm's certificate of incorporation requires that any amendment or repeal of
Articles V or VII (dealing with special meetings and indemnification
respectively) requires an affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80% of
the voting power of all shares of Palm entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, voting together as a single class.

   Be's certificate of incorporation provides that, in addition to any
affirmative vote of the holders of a particular class or series of voting stock
required by law or otherwise by the certificate of incorporation, the
affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding
shares of voting stock at the time, voting together as a single class, is
required to alter, amend or repeal Articles V, VI and VII (dealing with
directors, the amendment of the bylaws, the limitation of liability of
directors and other matters) of Be's certificate of incorporation.

Amendment of Bylaws

   Palm's board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend and repeal
Palm's bylaws. Palm's stockholders may also adopt, amend or repeal Palm's
bylaws in accordance with Delaware law, except that any proposed alteration or
repeal of, or adoption of any bylaw provision inconsistent with existing Palm
bylaw provisions relating to annual and special meetings, notice provisions,
stockholder actions and certain matters relating to directors, shall require
the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the outstanding shares entitled to
vote.

   Be's board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal
Be's bylaws. Be's stockholders may also alter or amend Be's bylaws or adopt new
bylaws by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all
of the shares of Be's voting stock then outstanding and entitled to vote.
However, any repeal or modification of Section 43 of Be's bylaws (relating to
indemnification of directors, officers, employees and other agents) shall only
be prospective and shall not affect the rights under such bylaw in effect at
the time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the
cause of any proceeding against any agent of Be.

State Anti-Takeover Statutes

   Both companies are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law which under certain circumstances, may make it more difficult
for a person who would be an "Interested Stockholder," as defined in Section
203, with respect to either Palm or Be, to effect various business combinations
with either of the companies for a three-year period. Under Delaware law, a
corporation's certificate of incorporation or bylaws may exclude a corporation
from the restrictions imposed by Section 203. Palm's and Be's respective
certificates of incorporation and bylaws do not exclude us from the
restrictions imposed under Section 203.

Limitation of Liability of Directors

   Delaware law permits a corporation to include a provision in its certificate
of incorporation eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director
or officer to the corporation or its stockholders for damages for a

breach of the director's fiduciary duty, subject to certain limitations. Palm's
and Be's certificates of incorporation include such a provision to the maximum
extent permitted by Delaware law.

   While these provisions provide directors with protection from awards for
monetary damages for breaches of their duty of care, they do not eliminate that
duty. Accordingly, these provisions will have no effect on the availability of
equitable remedies such as an injunction or rescission based on a director's
breach of his duty of care.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

   Delaware law permits a corporation to indemnify officers and directors for
actions taken in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in,
or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation, and with respect to
any criminal action, which they had no reasonable cause to believe was
unlawful.

   Palm's bylaws provide that Palm shall indemnify its directors and officers
against expenses, including attorney's fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was an agent
of Palm; provided, however, that Palm may modify the extent of such
indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and executive
officers and Palm is not required to indemnify any director or officer in
connection with any proceeding initiated by such person unless (i) such
indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding
was authorized in advance by the board of directors, (iii) such indemnification
is provided by Palm, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in
Palm under the Delaware General Corporation Law or (iv) such indemnification is
required under an individual contract.

   None of the rights conferred under the indemnification provisions of Palm's
bylaws are exclusive of any other rights. Palm is entitled to maintain
insurance on the behalf of any director, officer, employee, or agent of the
corporation.

   Be's bylaws provide that Be shall, to the fullest extent not prohibited by
the Delaware General Corporation Law or any other applicable law, indemnify its
directors and officers; provided, however, that Be may modify the extent of
such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and officers.
In addition, Be shall not be required to indemnify any director or officer in
connection with any proceeding initiated by such person unless (i) such
indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding
was authorized by Be's board of directors, (iii) such indemnification is
provided by Be, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in Be
under the Delaware General Corporation Law or any other applicable law, or (iv)
such indemnification is required to be made under Section 43(d) of Be's bylaws
(relating to enforcement of claims for indemnification).

   The rights conferred upon directors and officers under the indemnification
provisions of Be's bylaws are not exclusive of any other rights such director
or officer may have under any applicable statute, provision of Be's certificate
of incorporation or bylaws, agreement or vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors. Upon approval by Be's board of directors, to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law and any other applicable law, Be may purchase
insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified
pursuant to Be's bylaws.

Stockholder Rights Plan

   Under Delaware law, every corporation may create and issue rights entitling
the holders of such rights to purchase from the corporation shares of its
capital stock of any class or classes, subject to any provisions in its
certificate of incorporation. The price and terms of such shares must be stated
in the certificate of incorporation or in a resolution adopted by the board of
directors for the creation or issuance of such rights.

   Palm has entered into a stockholder rights agreement. As with most
stockholder rights agreements, the terms of Palm's rights agreement are complex
and not easily summarized, particularly as they relate to the acquisition

of Palm's common stock and to exercisability. This summary may not contain all
of the information that is important to you. Accordingly, you should carefully
read Palm's rights agreement, which is incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus in its entirety.

   Palm's rights agreement provides that each share of Palm's common stock
outstanding will have the right to purchase one one-thousandth of a preferred
share of Palm attached to it. The purchase price per one one-thousandth of a
preferred share of Palm under the agreement is $370, subject to adjustment.

   Initially, the rights under Palm's rights agreement are attached to
outstanding certificates representing Palm's common stock and no separate
certificates representing the rights will be distributed. The rights will
separate from Palm's common stock, separate certificates representing the
rights will be issued and the rights will become exercisable upon the earlier
of approximately 10 days after someone acquires or commences a tender offer for
15% of the outstanding Palm's common stock.

   After the rights separate from Palm's common stock, certificates
representing the rights will be mailed to record holders of the common stock.
Once distributed, the rights certificates alone will represent the rights.

   All shares of Palm's common stock issued prior to the date the rights
separate from the common stock will be issued with the rights attached. The
rights are not exercisable until the date the rights separate from the common
stock. The rights will expire on November 6, 2010, unless earlier redeemed or
exchanged by Palm.

   If an acquiror obtains or has the right to obtain 15% or more of Palm's
common stock, then each right will entitle the holder to purchase a number of
shares of Palm's common stock having a then current market value equal to two
times the purchase price.

   Each right will entitle the holder to purchase a number of shares of common
stock of the acquiror having a then current market value of twice the purchase
price if an acquiror obtains 15% or more of Palm's common stock and any of the
following occurs:

   . Palm is acquired in a merger or other business combination transactions;
     or

   . Palm sells 50% or more of its assets or earning power.

   Under Palm's rights agreement, any rights that are or were owned by an
acquiror of more than 15% of Palm's respective outstanding common stock will be
null and void.

   Palm's rights agreement contains exchange provisions which provide that
after an acquiror obtains 15% or more of Palm capital stock, but less than 50%
of Palm's outstanding common stock, Palm's boards of directors may, at its
option, exchange all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable rights for
shares of common stock. In such an event, the exchange ratio is one share
common stock per right, adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or
similar transaction.

   Palm's board of directors may, at its option, redeem all of the outstanding
rights under Palm's rights agreement prior to the earlier of (1) 5 days after
the time that an acquiror obtains 15% or more of Palm's outstanding common
stock, or (2) the final expiration date of the rights agreement. The redemption
price under Palm's rights agreement is $0.001 per right. The right to exercise
the rights will terminate upon the action of Palm's board of directors ordering
the redemption of the rights and the only right of the holders of the rights
will be to receive the redemption price.

   Holders of rights will have no rights as stockholders of Palm, including the
right to vote or receive dividends, simply by virtue of holding the rights.

   Palm's rights agreement provides that the provisions of the rights agreement
may be amended by the board of directors prior to the date any person acquires
15% of Palm's common stock without the approval of the holders of the rights.
However, after the date any person acquires 15% of Palm common stock, the
rights agreement may not be amended in any manner which would adversely affect
the interests of the holders of the rights (other than the interests of any
acquiror).

   Palm's rights agreement contains rights that have anti-takeover effects. The
rights may cause substantial dilution to a person or group that attempts to
acquire Palm without conditioning the offer on a substantial number of rights
being acquired. Accordingly, the existence of the rights may deter acquirors
from making takeover proposals or tender offers. However, the rights are not
intended to prevent a takeover, but rather are designed to enhance the ability
of Palm's board of directors to negotiate with an acquiror on behalf of all the
stockholders. In addition, the rights should not interfere with a proxy
contest.

   Be does not have a stockholder rights agreement.

                                 LEGAL OPINION

   The validity of the shares of Palm common stock to be issued to Be upon the
closing of the asset sale will be passed upon for Palm by Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, Palo Alto, California. Be is
represented in connection with the asset sale by Cooley Godward LLP, Palo Alto,
California.

                                    EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement
schedule incorporated in this proxy statement/prospectus by reference from
Palm's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 1, 2001, have been
audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their
report, which is incorporated herein by reference, and have been so
incorporated in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their
authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

   The financial statements of Be incorporated in this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference to Be's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2000 have been so incorporated in reliance on the
report (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to Be's ability to
continue as a going concern, as described in Note 2 to the Financial
Statements) of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on
the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS INCORPORATES DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE WHICH
ARE NOT PRESENTED IN OR DELIVERED WITH THIS PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS.

   All reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed by
Palm pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and
before the date of the special meeting are incorporated by reference into and
to be a part of this proxy statement/prospectus from the date of filing of
those documents.

   YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT OR THAT
WE HAVE REFERRED YOU TO. NO ONE HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO PROVIDE YOU WITH
INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT.

   The Securities and Exchange Commission allows the "incorporation by
reference" of information into this proxy statement/prospectus. This means that
important information can be disclosed to you by referring you to another
document filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this document,
except for any information superseded by information in this document. This
proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set forth
below that Palm and Be have previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. These documents contain important information about Palm and Be and
their financial performance.

   Palm's Securities and Exchange Commission filings incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement/prospectus:

   . Palm's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 1, 2001;

   . The description of Palm's common stock from Palm's registration statement
     on Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February
     18, 2000 and any amendment or report filed thereafter for the purpose of
     updating such description; and

   . The description of Palm's preferred share purchase rights from Palm's
     registration statement on Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission on October 23, 2000 and any amendment or report filed
     thereafter for the purpose of updating such description.

   Be's Securities and Exchange Commission filings incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement/prospectus:

   . Be's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
     2000;

   . Be's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001;

   . Be's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2001;
     and

   . Be's current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission on August 24, 2001.

   Any statement contained herein or in a document incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus will be deemed
to be modified or superceded for purposes of this proxy statement/prospectus to
the extent that a statement contained in this proxy statement/prospectus or any
other subsequently filed document that is deemed to be incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus modifies or supercedes such
statement. Any statement so modified or superceded will not be deemed, except
as so modified or superceded, to constitute a part of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

   The reports incorporated by reference into this document are available from
Palm or Be, as appropriate, upon request. Palm or Be, as appropriate, will
provide a copy of any and all of the information that is

incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus (not including
exhibits to the information unless those exhibits are specifically incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus) to any person, without
charge, upon written or oral request to the appropriate address and telephone
number listed below. ANY REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS SHOULD BE MADE BY     , 2001 TO
ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

        Palm, Inc.           Be Incorporated
5470 Great America Parkway  800 El Camino Real
  Santa Clara, CA 95052         Suite 400
      (408) 878-9000       Menlo Park, CA 94025
                              (650) 462-4100

   Palm and Be file reports, proxy and information statements and other
information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of such
reports, proxy statements and other information may be inspected and copied at
the public reference facilities maintained by the Securities and Exchange
Commission at:

   Judiciary Plaza           Citicorp Center         Seven World Trade Center
   Room 1024                 500 West Madison Street 13th Floor
   450 Fifth Street, N.W.    Suite 1400              New York, New York 10048
   Washington, D.C. 20549    Chicago, Illinois 60661

   Copies of these materials can also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates
from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549 or by calling the Securities and
Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Securities and Exchange Commission
maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information regarding each of Palm and Be. The address of the Securities and
Exchange Commission Internet site is http://www.sec.gov.

   Reports, proxy and information statements and other information concerning
Be and Palm may be inspected at:

                The National Association of Securities Dealers
                              1735 K Street, N.W.
                            Washington, D.C. 20006

   Palm has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 under the Securities Act
with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to Palm's common stock
to be issued to Be in the asset sale described in this proxy
statement/prospectus. This proxy statement/prospectus constitutes the
prospectus of Palm filed as part of the registration statement. This proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the
registration statement because certain parts of the registration statement have
been omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The registration statement and its exhibits are available
for inspection and copying as set forth above.

   Be stockholders should call the Corporate Secretary at Be at (650) 462-4100
with any questions about the asset sale or the dissolution.

   THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL, OR A
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE, THE SECURITIES OFFERED BY THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, OR THE SOLICITATION OF A PROXY, IN ANY JURISDICTION TO OR
FROM ANY PERSON TO WHOM OR FROM WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER,
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER OR PROXY SOLICITATION IN SUCH JURISDICTION. NEITHER
THE DELIVERY OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS NOR ANY DISTRIBUTION OF
SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS SHALL, UNDER ANY
CIRCUMSTANCES, CREATE ANY IMPLICATION THAT THERE HAS BEEN

NO CHANGE IN THE INFORMATION SET FORTH OR INCORPORATED INTO THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BY REFERENCE OR IN OUR AFFAIRS SINCE THE DATE OF THIS
PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS WITH RESPECT TO BE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES WAS PROVIDED BY BE
AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS WITH RESPECT
TO PALM WAS PROVIDED BY PALM.

                                                                         ANNEX A

                             AMENDED AND RESTATED
                           ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

   THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), is
made and entered into as of September 10, 2001, by and among Palm, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), ECA Subsidiary Acquisition Corporation, a
Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent
("Buyer"), and Be Incorporated, a Delaware corporation ("Seller").

                                   RECITALS

   A. Parent, Buyer and Seller are parties to that certain Asset Purchase
Agreement dated as of August 16, 2001 (the "Existing Agreement Date"), which
provides for the purchase by Buyer from Seller, and the sale by Seller to
Buyer, of substantially all of the assets relating to, required for, used in or
otherwise constituting the Products (as defined therein), in exchange for
shares of common stock of Parent, the assumption of certain liabilities
relating to the Products and the other consideration set forth therein (the
"Existing Agreement").

   B. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Existing Agreement,
as a material inducement to Parent and Buyer to enter into the Existing
Agreement, selected Key Employees (as defined below) of Seller entered into
non-competition agreements, substantially in the form attached thereto as
Exhibit A (the "Non-Competition Agreements"), with Parent, each of which shall
become effective as of the Closing Date (as defined therein).

   C. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Existing Agreement,
as a material inducement to Parent and Buyer to enter into the Existing
Agreement, certain stockholders of Seller executed and delivered stockholder
support agreements, substantially in the form attached thereto as Exhibit B
(the "Support Agreements"), to Buyer.

   D. It is contemplated that, subject to approval by Seller's stockholders, as
soon as reasonably practicable following the Closing (as defined in the
Existing Agreement) Seller shall wind-up its business operations in accordance
with applicable law.

   E. Parent, Buyer and Seller now desire to amend and restate in its entirety
the Existing Agreement, on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, in order to reflect certain understandings reached by the parties
subsequent to the execution and delivery of the Existing Agreement.

   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, representations,
warranties and mutual agreements set forth herein, and for other good and
valuable consideration, intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties
hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1

                                  DEFINITIONS

   1.1 Capitalized Terms. The following capitalized terms shall have the
meanings set forth below:

      (a) "Acquired Assets" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

      (b) "Adjustment Amount" means the aggregate amount of all Prepaid Service
   Payments (as defined in Section 5.7) reflected on the Prepaid Service
   Payment Update as of the Closing Date.

      (c) "Agreement" means this Asset Purchase Agreement together with all
   exhibits and schedules hereto.

                                      A-1

      (d) "Allocation" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.

      (e) "Assumed Liabilities" shall have the the meaning set forth in Section
   2.9.

      (f) "Benefits Liabilities" means any and all claims, debts, liabilities,
   commitments and obligations, whether fixed, contingent or absolute, matured
   or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, accrued or unaccrued, known or
   unknown, whenever or however arising, including all costs and expenses
   relating thereto arising under law, rule, regulation, permits, action or
   proceeding before any Governmental Entity, order or consent decree or any
   award of any arbitrator of any kind relating to any Employee Plan,
   Employment Agreement, International Employee Plan or otherwise to an
   Employee.

      (g) "Books and Records" means all papers and records (in paper or
   electronic format) in the care, custody, or control of Seller or any of its
   Subsidiaries relating to the Acquired Assets including, without limitation,
   all purchasing and sales records, customer and vendor lists, accounting and
   financial records, product documentation, product specifications, marketing
   requirement documents and software release orders.

      (h) "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

      (i) "Closing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.

      (j) "Collateral Agreements" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
   2.4.

      (k) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

      (l) "Continuing Employees" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
   7.10.

      (m) "Contract" means any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract, covenant
   or other agreement, instrument or commitment, permit, concession, franchise
   or license.

      (n) "Derivative Work" has the meaning ascribed to it under the United
   States Copyright Law, Title 17 U.S.C. Sec. 101 et. seq., as the same may be
   amended from time to time.

      (o) "Designated Employees" means those employees of Seller listed on
   Schedule 1.1(o) hereto.

      (p) "DOL" shall mean the Department of Labor.

      (q) "Effectively Transferred Contract" means a Transferred Contract as to
   which no consent to assignment is required or as to which a consent to
   assignment is required and has been obtained prior to the Closing.

      (r) "Eligible Contracts" means (i) the Internet Appliance OEM License and
   Distribution Agreement between Be Incorporated and Sony Electronics Inc.
   dated March 13, 2001 (the "Sony Agreement"), (ii) all Contracts of Seller
   that contain license grants to Seller that are not Transferred Contracts on
   the Existing Agreement Date and (iii) all nondisclosure agreements,
   confidentiality agreements or similar Contracts of Seller.

      (s) "Employee" shall mean any current or former or retired employee,
   consultant or director of Seller or any Subsidiary of Seller in his or her
   capacity as such.

      (t) "Employee Plan" means any plan, program, policy, practice, contract,
   agreement or other material arrangement providing for compensation,
   severance, termination pay, deferred compensation, performance awards, stock
   or stock-related awards, fringe benefits or other employee benefits or
   remuneration of any kind, whether written, unwritten or otherwise, funded or
   unfunded, including, without limitation, each "employee benefit plan,"
   within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, which is or has been
   maintained, contributed to, or required to be contributed to, by Seller for
   the benefit of any Designated Employee, or with respect to which Seller has
   or may have any liability or obligation to any Designated Employee.

      (u) "Employment Agreement" means each management, employment, severance,
   consulting, relocation, repatriation, expatriation, visas, work permit or
   other agreement, contract or understanding between Seller or any Subsidiary
   of Seller and any Designated Employee.

                                      A-2

      (v) "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
   amended.

      (w) "Excluded Assets" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

      (x) "Excluded Contracts" shall mean the Contracts listed on Schedule
   1.1(x).

      (y) "Excluded Liabilities" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
   2.10.

      (z) "GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting principles,
   as of the Existing Agreement Date.

      (aa) "General Assignment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
   2.4.

      (bb) "Governmental Entity" means any court, administrative agency or
   commission or other federal, state, county, local or foreign governmental
   authority, instrumentality, agency or commission.

      (cc) "Indemnified Parties" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
   9.2.

      (dd) "Intellectual Property Rights" means any or all of the following and
   all statutory or common law rights throughout the world in, arising out of,
   or associated with: (i) all patents and applications (including provisional
   applications) therefor and all reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions,
   continuations and continuations-in-part thereof (collectively, "Patents");
   (ii) all trade secrets that (A) derive independent economic value, actual or
   potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily
   ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic
   value from its disclosure or use, and (B) are the subject of efforts that
   are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy, and all
   other inventions (whether patentable or not, but which are not the subject
   of issued or published Patents), proprietary information, and know how
   (collectively, "Trade Secrets"); (iii) all works of authorship, copyrights,
   mask works, copyright and mask work registrations and applications
   (collectively, "Copyrights"); (iv) all trade names, trademarks and service
   marks and all trademark and service mark registrations and applications
   (collectively, "Trademarks"); (v) all rights in and to databases and data
   collections (including knowledge databases, customer lists and customer
   databases); and (vi) any similar, corresponding or equivalent rights to any
   of the foregoing types of intellectual property.

      (ee) "International Employee Plan" means each Employee Plan that has been
   adopted or maintained by Seller or any ERISA Affiliate, whether informally
   or formally, or with respect to which Seller or any ERISA Affiliate will or
   may have any liability, for the benefit of Employees who perform services
   outside the United States.

      (ff) "IRS" shall mean the Internal Revenue Service.

      (gg) "Kernel" means the level of an operating system that contains system
   level services, including thread and team management, virtual and protected
   memory management, thread scheduling, interprocess communication (including
   semaphores, ports and thread messages), input/output management and node
   abstraction layer, kernel module management, ELF executable binary loader,
   device driver management, power management and CPU-dependent layer. It also
   includes built-in components that could otherwise be loaded, including
   platform-dependent modules, generic virtual drivers (null and zero drivers),
   generic virtual file-systems (root, pipe and device file systems) and the
   kernel debugger module.

      (hh) "Key Employee" shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule 1.1(hh).

      (ii) "Licensed Intellectual Property" means all Intellectual Property
   Rights that, immediately after the sale and assignment of the Transferred
   Intellectual Property Rights and other Acquired Assets from Seller to Buyer
   occurs, Seller or any of its Subsidiaries has the right to license to the
   extent provided in Section 4.1, without breaching any Contract, without
   infringing any other Person's Intellectual Property Rights, and without
   payment of any royalty, fee or other amount as a result of such license to
   Buyer (unless Buyer assumes the obligation to pay such royalty, fee or other
   amount).

      (jj) "Lien" means, with respect to any asset or right, any mortgage,
   lien, pledge, charge, security interest, claim, equity encumbrance,
   restriction on transfer, conditional sale or other title retention device or

                                      A-3

   arrangement (including, without limitation, a capital lease), transfer for
   the purpose of subjection to the payment of any indebtedness, restriction on
   the creation of any of the foregoing, or encumbrance of any kind whatsoever;
   provided, however, that the term "Lien" shall not include: (i) statutory
   liens for Taxes that are not yet due and payable or are being contested in
   good faith by appropriate proceedings and are disclosed in the Seller
   Disclosure Schedule or that are otherwise not material; (ii) statutory or
   common law liens to secure obligations to landlords, lessors or renters
   under leases or rental agreements confined to the premises rented; (iii)
   deposits or pledges made in connection with, or to secure payment of,
   workers' compensation, unemployment insurance, old age pension or other
   social security programs mandated by applicable law; (iv) statutory or
   common law liens in favor of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics and
   materialmen, to secure claims for labor, materials or supplies and other
   like liens; (v) restrictions on transfer of securities imposed by applicable
   state and federal securities laws; and (vi) contractual restrictions on
   transfer of contractual rights.

      (kk) "Loss" and "Losses" shall have the meanings set forth in Section
   9.2.

      (ll) "Material Adverse Effect" means any (i) change in or effect on the
   Acquired Assets, taken as a whole, that is materially adverse to the
   Acquired Assets, taken as a whole, or (ii) circumstance, change or event
   that materially impairs Buyer's ability to make, use, sell, license,
   distribute, market, build, modify, debug and operate the current version or
   release of the Products in substantially the same manner as Seller prior to
   the Existing Agreement Date (excluding any effect on Buyer's ability to do
   the foregoing caused by the absence of the items licensed under the Excluded
   Contracts or Non-Transferred Licenses or any facts and circumstances unique
   to Buyer).

      (mm) "Non-Transferred Licenses" shall mean license agreements granting
   licenses to Seller that are Transferred Contracts but which do not become
   Effectively Transferred Contracts.

      (nn) "Offer Letter" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.10.

      (oo) "Object Code" means computer software, substantially or entirely in
   binary form, which is intended to be directly executable by a computer after
   suitable processing and linking but without the intervening steps of
   compilation or assembly.

      (pp) "Pension Plan" means each Seller Employee Plan which is an "employee
   pension benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA.

      (qq) "Person" means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation,
   association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, as well as
   any syndicate or group of any of the foregoing.

      (rr) "Prepaid Service Payment Update" shall have the meaning set forth in
   Section 7.14.

      (ss) "Platform Business" means the business of developing, marketing,
   licensing or distributing operating systems software and associated software
   components and software development tools for portable, handheld and
   wireless solutions, and personal information management (PIM) applications
   designed to run on such operating systems.

      (tt) "Products" means any products of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries
   (including products under development) listed on Schedule 1.1(tt).

      (uu) "PTO" means the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

      (vv) "Registered Intellectual Property" means all United States,
   international and foreign: (i) Patents; (ii) registered Trademarks and
   applications for Trademarks, including intent-to-use applications; (iii)
   registered Copyrights and applications for Copyrights; and (iv) any other
   Intellectual Property Rights that are the subject of an application,
   certificate, filing, registration or other document issued, filed with or
   recorded by any Governmental Entity.

      (ww) "Software" means computer software and code, including assemblers,
   applets, compilers, Source Code, Object Code, data (including image and
   sound data), development tools, design tools and user interfaces, in any
   form or format, however fixed, including Source Code listings and related
   documentation.

                                      A-4

      (xx) "Source Code" means computer software code which may be printed out
   or displayed in human readable form, including related programmer comments
   and annotations, help text, data and data structures, instructions, and
   procedural, object-oriented and other code which may be printed out or
   displayed in human readable form.

      (yy) "Stock Consideration" means that number of shares of Parent's common
   stock, rounded to the nearest number of whole shares (with 0.5 being rounded
   up), equal to the quotient determined by dividing (A) $11,000,000 minus the
   Adjustment Amount by (B) the opening price of Parent's common stock as
   quoted on the Nasdaq National Market on the Closing Date; provided, however,
   that the number of shares of Parent's common stock comprising the Stock
   Consideration shall be increased above such number or decreased below such
   number to the extent provided in Section 7.15.

      (zz) "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any entity of which
   securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to
   elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing
   similar functions are at any time directly or indirectly owned by such
   Person.

      (aaa) "Supplemental Transferred Contracts" means any Eligible Contract of
   Seller which becomes a Transferred Contract in accordance with Section 7.26,
   in addition to the Transferred Contracts listed on Schedule 1.1(eee).

      (bbb) "Tangible Assets" means the tangible assets listed on Schedule
   1.1(bbb); provided, however, that Tangible Assets shall not include any
   tangible manifestation of Software that is delivered pursuant to a written
   agreement or protocol agreed to by Buyer and Seller providing for the remote
   electronic transmission of such Software, except for documentation and
   manuals.

      (ccc) "Tax" and "Taxes" shall mean any and all federal, state, local and
   foreign taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, duties,
   impositions and liabilities, including taxes based upon or measured by gross
   receipts, income, profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad
   valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment,
   excise and property taxes as well as public imposts, fees and social
   security charges (including but not limited to health, unemployment and
   pension insurance), together with all interest, penalties and additions
   imposed with respect to such amounts and any obligation under any agreement
   or arrangement with any other person with respect to such amounts and
   including any liability for taxes of a predecessor entity.

      (ddd) "Third Party Software" means any Software owned by a third party or
   in the public domain, including open source Software, public source
   Software, or freeware, or any modification or Derivative Work thereof, and
   also including any version of any Software licensed pursuant to any GNU
   general public license or limited general public license, in each case that
   is used in, incorporated into, or integrated or bundled with the current
   released version of the Products and any more recent versions thereof
   (whether or not released or completed) or Transferred Technology.

      (eee) "Transferred Contracts" means those Contracts listed on Schedule
   1.1(eee) as of the Existing Agreement Date, and shall also include, from and
   after the date Eligible Contracts become Supplemental Transferred Contracts
   in accordance with Section 7.26, any such Supplemental Transferred
   Contracts.

      (fff) "Transferred Intellectual Property Rights" means (i) all
   Intellectual Property Rights (other than Trademarks) owned by Seller or any
   of its Subsidiaries; and (ii) the Transferred Trademarks.

      (ggg) "Transferred Technology" means

          (i) the items listed on Schedule 1.1(ggg); and

          (ii) any other Source Code and other Software, materials and
       information (including development software, development documentation,
       compilers, interpreters, system build software, build scripts, test
       suites, testing tools and documentation, test scripts, bug databases,
       support tools, revision control systems and environments) that are used
       by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries to, or that Seller or any of its
       Subsidiaries has and are reasonably necessary to, build, modify, debug
       and operate the current

                                      A-5

       release or version of the Products, and any more recent versions thereof
       (whether or not released or completed), which Seller has the right to
       deliver and disclose to Buyer without breaching any Contract or
       infringing any other Person's Intellectual Property Rights;

   provided, however, that Transferred Technology shall not include any
   tangible manifestation of Software that is delivered pursuant to a written
   agreement or protocol agreed to by Buyer and Seller providing for the remote
   electronic transmission of such Software, except for documentation and
   manuals.

      (hhh) "Transferred Trademarks" means the Product names and other
   Trademarks, if any, listed on Schedule 1.1(hhh).

   1.2 Construction.

      (a)  For purposes of this Agreement, whenever the context requires: the
   singular number will include the plural, and vice versa; the masculine
   gender will include the feminine and neuter genders; the feminine gender
   will include the masculine and neuter genders; and the neuter gender will
   include the masculine and feminine genders.

      (b) Any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be
   resolved against the drafting party will not be applied in the construction
   or interpretation of this Agreement.

      (c) As used in this Agreement, the words "include" and "including" and
   variations thereof will not be deemed to be terms of limitation, but rather
   will be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation."

      (d) Except as otherwise indicated, all references in this Agreement to
   "Articles," "Schedules," "Sections" and "Exhibits" are intended to refer to
   Articles, Schedules, Sections and Exhibits to this Agreement.

      (e) The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only,
   will not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement, and will not be referred
   to in connection with the construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 2

                               PURCHASE AND SALE

   2.1 Purchase and Sale of Assets. On the Closing Date, and subject to the
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, but subject to Section 2.2,
Seller will sell, convey, transfer and assign to Buyer, and Buyer will purchase
from Seller, all of Seller's right, title and interest in and to all of the
following assets, free and clear of any and all Liens (collectively, the
"Acquired Assets"):

      (a) the Tangible Assets;

      (b) the Transferred Intellectual Property Rights;

      (c) all goodwill of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries appurtenant to the
   Transferred Trademarks;

      (d) the Transferred Technology (for avoidance of doubt, with respect to
   portions of the Transferred Technology that are owned by Persons other than
   Seller or its Subsidiaries, the rights in such portions of the Transferred
   Technology to be transferred and assigned to Buyer are the rights of Seller
   and its Subsidiaries under the Effectively Transferred Contracts as
   described in clause (e) below);

      (e) all rights of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries under the Effectively
   Transferred Contracts, other than payment obligations under such Transferred
   Contracts (including accounts receivable) earned by Seller or any of its
   Subsidiaries as a result of performance by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries
   prior to the Closing Date; and

                                      A-6

      (f) all rights to recover past, present and future damages for the
   breach, infringement or misappropriation, as the case may be, of any of the
   Transferred Intellectual Property Rights and Effectively Transferred
   Contracts (other than payment obligations under such Transferred Contracts).

   2.2 Excluded Assets. The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Acquired Assets
and Transferred Contracts do not include, and Seller does not have and shall be
under no obligation to sell, assign or otherwise transfer to Buyer any of
Seller's fixed assets (other than Tangible Assets), cash and cash equivalents
or receivables, the Sony Agreement, the Excluded Contracts, or any other
assets, claims, causes of action, contracts, licenses or agreements set forth
on Schedule 2.2 hereto, or any other assets, claims, causes of action,
contracts, licenses or agreements not included within the Acquired Assets and
Transferred Contracts as defined herein (collectively, the "Excluded Assets"),
which Excluded Assets shall remain for all purposes the properties and assets
of Seller.

   2.3 Delivery of Acquired Assets. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to
Buyer all of the Tangible Assets and Transferred Technology. Without limiting
the foregoing, all Software included in the Transferred Technology shall, at
Buyer's request, be delivered to Buyer by electronic means.

   2.4 Assignments. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer, duly
executed by Seller, and Seller shall deliver to Buyer, duly executed by Buyer:
(i) an Assignment and Assumption Agreement and Bill of Sale substantially in
the form of Exhibit C hereto (the "General Assignment"); (ii) the copyright
registrations and assignments required pursuant to Section 2.5, the patent
assignments required pursuant to Section 2.6 and the trademark assignments
required pursuant to Section 2.7; and (iii) such other instruments of
conveyance, assignment and transfer as Buyer may reasonably request in order to
vest in Buyer good and valid title in and to the Acquired Assets (the General
Assignment and the other instruments referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii)
being collectively referred to herein as the "Collateral Agreements").

   2.5 Transfer of Product Software Copyrights. For each Copyright included in
the Transferred Intellectual Property Rights for which Seller has filed a
copyright registration with the United States Copyright Office, Seller shall
deliver to Buyer at Closing an assignment, on a form reasonably acceptable to
Buyer, to record the transfer of such copyright to Buyer in the United States
Copyright Office. If Seller has not registered the copyright in a Product prior
to the Closing Date, Seller shall deliver to Buyer at the Closing an
application, on the applicable form, to register such copyright in each Product
with the United States Copyright Office.

   2.6 Transfer of Patent Rights. For each of Seller's Patents included in the
Transferred Intellectual Property Rights, Seller shall deliver to Buyer at
Closing an assignment in form reasonably acceptable to Buyer to evidence the
transfer of such Patents to Buyer. Such assignment shall specify Buyer as the
owner by assignment of such Patents.

   2.7 Transfer of Trademarks. For each of the Transferred Trademarks, Seller
shall deliver to Buyer at Closing an assignment in form reasonably acceptable
to Buyer to evidence the transfer of such Trademarks to Buyer. Such assignment
shall specify Buyer as the owner by assignment of such Trademarks.

   2.8 Transferred Contracts. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer all
of the Transferred Contracts to the extent not previously delivered to Buyer.

   2.9 Assumed Liabilities. As of the Closing, Buyer hereby agrees to assume
the following, and only the following (collectively, the "Assumed
Liabilities"): the obligations of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries under the
Transferred Contracts, in each case solely to the extent such obligations arise
from and after the Closing Date; provided, however, that notwithstanding the
foregoing, Buyer shall be responsible for liabilities that arise solely out of
its ownership or operation of the Acquired Assets or its performance of the
Transferred Contracts on or subsequent to the Closing Date. As of the Closing,
Parent shall be deemed to guarantee the obligations of Buyer under the Assumed
Liabilities.

                                      A-7

   2.10 Excluded Liabilities. Except for the Assumed Liabilities, Buyer is not
assuming any other debt, liability, duty or obligation, whether known or
unknown, fixed or contingent, of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries (the
"Excluded Liabilities"). Without limiting the foregoing, all liabilities of
Seller and its Subsidiaries, including any liabilities for Taxes, arising from
or related to: (i) Seller's operations or the operation of any of its
Subsidiaries, whenever arising or incurred, including Seller's or any of its
Subsidiaries' sale or ownership of the Products and Acquired Assets through the
Closing Date; (ii) Seller's or any of its Subsidiaries' termination of any
Contracts that are not Transferred Contracts; (iii) the Sony Agreement, (iv)
the employment or engagement by Seller of employees, agents, consultants or
independent contractors through the Closing Date; or (v) any Benefit
Liabilities, shall be Excluded Liabilities and shall remain the responsibility
of Seller, unless any such liabilities described in this sentence are otherwise
included within the Assumed Liabilities.

                                   ARTICLE 3

                           CLOSING AND CONSIDERATION

   3.1 Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the "Closing") will take place at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, Professional Corporation, in Palo Alto, California at 6:30 a.m., local
time, two (2) business days following the satisfaction or written waiver of the
last of the conditions of Closing as set forth in ARTICLE 8 hereof, or on such
other date as the parties may mutually determine (the "Closing Date").

   3.2 Stock Consideration. At the Closing, Parent and Buyer shall cause to be
issued to Seller a duly authorized and issued stock certificate representing
the Stock Consideration, and following the Closing, to the extent that the
Resale Registration Statement is filed with the SEC and the provisions of
Section 7.15 apply, (i) in the case where the number of shares issuable upon
the effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement is increased pursuant to
Section 7.15(b), Parent and Buyer shall cause to be issued to Seller
immediately upon the effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement an
additional stock certificate representing the number of any such whole shares
of Parent's common stock required to be issued to Seller in accordance with
such Section, and (ii) in the case where the number of shares issuable upon the
effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement is decreased pursuant to
Section 7.15(b), Parent and Buyer shall, upon delivery by Seller for
cancellation to Buyer of the original stock certificate issued to Seller, cause
to be issued to Seller immediately upon the effectiveness of the Resale
Registration Statement a replacement stock certificate representing the total
number of shares of Parent's common stock representing the Stock Consideration,
as adjusted in accordance with such Section. In addition, whether at the
Closing (in the event the Form S-4 Registration Statement has been declared
effective under the Securities Act prior to the Closing) or upon the
effectiveness of the Resale Registration Statement (in the event the Form S-4
Registration Statement has not been declared effective under the Securities Act
prior to the Closing), Parent and Buyer shall, at the request of Seller,
deliver such other instruments, coordinate with Parent's transfer agent, and
use commercially reasonable efforts to do and perform such other acts and
things as may be reasonably necessary to enable Seller to immediately sell,
transfer or otherwise liquidate the shares of Parent's common stock
constituting the Stock Consideration in the public markets.

   3.3 Allocation of Consideration. The parties hereto intend that the purchase
be treated as a taxable transaction for federal and state income tax purposes.
Prior to the Closing Date, Buyer and Seller shall negotiate in good faith and
determine the allocation of the Stock Consideration among the Acquired Assets
(the "Allocation"). The Allocation shall be conclusive and binding upon Buyer
and Seller for all purposes, and the parties agree that all returns and reports
(including IRS Form 8594) and all financial statements shall be prepared in a
manner consistent with (and the parties shall not otherwise file a Tax return
position inconsistent with) the Allocation unless required by the IRS or any
other applicable taxing authority.

   3.4 Transfer Taxes. Buyer and Seller shall each be responsible for fifty
percent (50%) of the aggregate amount of any sales, use, excise or similar
Taxes that may be payable in connection with the sale or purchase of

                                      A-8

the Acquired Assets and the granting of the licenses hereunder, including any
sales, use, excise or similar transfer Taxes. The parties hereto shall
cooperate with each other and use their reasonable best efforts to minimize the
transfer Taxes attributable to the sale of the Acquired Assets, including but
not limited to the transfer of all Software by remote electronic transmission.

                                   ARTICLE 4

                               LICENSE TO BUYER

   4.1 License of Licensed Intellectual Property. Effective as of the Closing
(and subject to the conditions thereto set forth herein), Seller shall be
deemed to have granted to Buyer under all of the Licensed Intellectual
Property, a royalty-free, fully-paid, world-wide, perpetual, irrevocable,
non-terminable, transferable right and license, with the right to grant and
authorize sublicenses, to fully exercise, use and otherwise exploit the
Licensed Intellectual Property in any manner and without limitation, including
the right and license under Copyrights to copy, create Derivative Works from,
distribute, publicly perform and display and transmit Software products and
other copyrightable works, and under Patent rights to make, have made, use,
sell, offer for sale and import products. To the extent that the foregoing
license is broader in any respect (including, without limitation, the rights
being licensed, the duration and revocability of the license, the geographic
scope of the license, and the transferability of the license) than the license
Seller has the right to grant without breaching any Contract, without
infringing any other Person's Intellectual Property Rights, and without being
required to pay any additional royalty, fee or other amount to any other Person
as a result of such license to Buyer, then the foregoing license will be deemed
to be limited in all such respects to the license Seller has the right to grant
without breaching any Contract, without infringing any other Person's
Intellectual Property Rights, and without being required to pay any royalty,
fee or other amount to any other Person. If, in order to grant the foregoing
license to Buyer with respect to any Licensed Intellectual Property owned by
any Person other than Seller or its Subsidiaries, Seller is required to notify
any such other Person of the license, obtain the approval or  consent of any
such other Person, provide a copy of the license agreement to any such other
Person, obtain Buyer's written agreement to any particular term or condition
(each, a "Pass-Through Term"), or comply with any obligation, condition, or
requirement (collectively, "Sublicensing Requirements"), the foregoing license
will be effective with respect to such Licensed Intellectual Property only if
and when (a) Buyer authorizes Seller in writing to comply with such
Sublicensing Requirements, (b) Seller complies with all applicable Sublicensing
Requirements, (c) Buyer agrees in writing to be bound by and to comply with all
applicable Pass-Through Terms, if any, and (d) Buyer pays any royalty, fee or
other amount which is authorized by Buyer and is required to be paid by Seller
as the result of such license to Buyer.

   4.2 Bankruptcy. The license granted to Buyer under Section 4.1 is, and shall
otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the United States
Bankruptcy Code, a license to rights of "Intellectual Property Rights" as
defined thereunder.

                                   ARTICLE 5

                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

   Except as disclosed in the disclosure schedule delivered to Parent and Buyer
on the Existing Agreement Date (the "Seller Disclosure Schedule"), Seller
hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Buyer, as of the Existing
Agreement Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties
address matters as of a particular date or period, in which case such
representations and warranties are made as of such date or period), as follows:

   5.1 Organization of Seller.

      (a) Except as set forth in Section 5.1(a) of the Seller Disclosure
   Schedule, Seller has no Subsidiaries.

                                      A-9

      (b) Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
   standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all
   necessary corporate power and authority: (i) to conduct its business in the
   manner in which its business is currently being conducted; (ii) to own and
   use its assets in the manner in which its assets are currently owned and
   used; and (iii) to perform its obligations under all Contracts by which it
   is bound.

      (c) Seller is qualified to do business as a foreign corporation, and is
   in good standing, under the laws of all jurisdictions where the nature of
   its business requires such qualification and where the failure to so qualify
   would have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (d) Seller has delivered or made available to Buyer a true and correct
   copy of the certificate of incorporation (including any certificate of
   designations) and bylaws of Seller and similar governing instruments, each
   as amended to date (collectively, the "Seller Charter Documents"), and each
   such instrument is in full force and effect. Seller is not in violation of
   any of the provisions of Seller Charter Documents.

   5.2 Authority. Seller has all requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements and to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action on the part of Seller, and, except for approval by
the stockholders of Seller, no further action is required on the part of
Seller, any of its Subsidiaries or any of Seller's stockholders to authorize
the Agreement and the Collateral Agreements and the transactions contemplated
hereby. A vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Seller's common stock is sufficient for Seller's stockholders to approve and
adopt this Agreement and approve the transactions contemplated hereby and the
Dissolution (as defined in Section 7.16). This Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby have been approved by the Board of Directors of Seller.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Seller and, assuming the
due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Buyer, constitutes a
valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller in
accordance with its terms, subject to any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium or similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating
to creditors' rights generally or to other equitable remedies.

   5.3 No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Seller do
not, and the execution and delivery of the Collateral Agreements by Seller and
the performance of this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements by Seller will
not, (i) conflict with or violate the Seller Charter Documents, (ii) subject to
obtaining the approval and adoption of this Agreement by Seller's stockholders
as contemplated in Section 7.16, conflict with or violate any law, rule,
regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to Seller or any of its
Subsidiaries or by which any of their properties is bound or affected, or (iii)
result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice
or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or impair the rights of
Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or alter the rights or obligations of any
third party under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any of
the properties or assets of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to, any
note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit,
franchise, concession, or other instrument or obligation to which Seller or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which Seller, any of its Subsidiaries or
the Acquired Assets are bound or affected, except with respect to clauses (ii)
and (iii), for the matters set forth on Section 5.3 of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule and for matters the existence of which would not reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

   5.4 SEC Filings; Seller Financial Statements.

      (a) Seller has delivered or made available to Parent (through reference
   to documents filed by EDGAR or otherwise) accurate and complete copies of
   all forms, reports and documents filed by Seller with the Securities and
   Exchange Commission ("SEC") since January 1, 2000 (the "Seller SEC
   Reports"), which are all the forms, reports and documents required to be
   filed by Seller with the SEC since such date. As of their

                                     A-10

   respective dates, the Seller SEC Reports (i) were prepared in accordance and
   complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities
   Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the Securities Exchange
   Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as the case may be, and the
   rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such Seller SEC
   Reports and (ii) did not at the time they were filed contain any untrue
   statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
   stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
   light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

      (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each
   case, any related notes thereto) contained in Seller SEC Reports (the
   "Seller Financials") (i) complied as to form in all material respects with
   the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii)
   were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis
   throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes
   thereto or, in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, as may be
   permitted by the SEC on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act) and (iii) fairly
   presented the financial position of Seller as at the respective dates
   thereof and the results of Seller's operations and cash flows for the
   periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements
   may not contain footnotes and were or are subject to normal and recurring
   year-end adjustments. The balance sheet of Seller contained in the Form 10-Q
   of Seller filed on August 14, 2001 is hereinafter referred to as the "Seller
   Balance Sheet."

      (c) Except as disclosed in the Seller Financials, since the date of
   Seller Balance Sheet Seller has incurred no liabilities required under GAAP
   to be set forth on a consolidated balance sheet (absolute, accrued,
   contingent or otherwise), except forliabilities incurred (i) since the date
   of the Seller Balance Sheet in the ordinary course of business consistent
   with past practices or (ii) pursuant to this Agreement, which liabilities
   would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have
   a Material Adverse Effect.

   5.5 Transferred Contracts. True and complete copies of all of the
Transferred Contracts as of the Existing Agreement Date have been delivered to
Buyer. Each such Transferred Contract is in full force and effect. None of
Seller, any of its Subsidiaries or, to Seller's knowledge, any other party
thereto is in default or breach under the terms of any such Transferred
Contract and, to the Seller's knowledge, no event or circumstance has occurred
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would reasonably be expected to
constitute any event of default thereunder.

   5.6 Consents. No consent, waiver, approval, order or authorization of, or
registration, declaration or filing with any Governmental Entity or any third
party, including a party to any agreement with Seller or any of its
Subsidiaries, is required by or with respect to Seller or any of its
Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the Collateral Agreements or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, except for the filing of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
(as defined in Section 7.15) with the SEC in accordance with the Exchange Act,
and the Consents listed on Section 5.6 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

   5.7 Support and Service Contracts. Section 5.7 of the Seller Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all Transferred Contracts
pursuant to which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to provide
support, maintenance or other services to third parties following the Existing
Agreement Date, together with the amounts of prepaid fees that are associated
with the executory support, maintenance and other service obligations under
such Transferred Contracts and the portion of such fees attributable to
obligations to be performed subsequent to the Existing Agreement Date (each, a
"Prepaid Service Payment"). Each Prepaid Service Payment is as reflected in the
Books and Records.

                                     A-11

   5.8 No Liquidation, Insolvency, Winding-Up

      (a) Except as contemplated by this Agreement, no order has been made or
   petition presented, or resolution passed by the board of directors or
   stockholders of Seller for the dissolution or winding-up of Seller and there
   is not outstanding:

          (i) any petition or order for the winding-up of Seller;

          (ii) any appointment of a receiver over the whole or part of the
       undertaking of assets of Seller;

          (iii) any petition or order for administration of Seller;

          (iv) any voluntary arrangement between Seller and any of its
       creditors;

          (v) any assignment for the benefit of Seller's creditors or similar
       creditor arrangement or remedy;

          (vi) any voluntary petition, involuntary petition or order for relief
       with respect to the Seller under the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. section
       101, et. seq.;

          (vii) any distress or execution or other process levied in respect of
       Seller which remains undischarged; and

          (viii) any unfulfilled or unsatisfied judgment or court order against
       Seller.

      (b) Seller is not now insolvent, and will not be rendered insolvent by
   any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. As used in this
   section, "insolvent" means either of the following:

          (i) at fair valuations, the sum of Seller's debts and other
       liabilities, including, without limitation, contingent liabilities, is
       greater than all of Seller's assets, provided that (A) such assets are
       not to include any rights of Seller or any successor to Seller under any
       fraudulent transfer, preference or similar theories to recover Seller's
       property that was transferred, concealed or removed, and (B) the
       valuation of such assets is to assume that the Closing occurs, but
       otherwise is to be based on liquidation values of any assets not being
       sold to Buyer under this Agreement (assuming a liquidation within 120
       days following the Closing), and

          (ii) Seller is not generally paying its debts as they come due
       (within the meaning of Section 3439 of the California Civil Code).

      (c) Upon occurrence of the transfers of property from Seller to Buyer
   under this Agreement, Seller will have adequate capital for any business or
   transaction in which Seller is or will be engaged.

      (d) Seller has not incurred, does not intend to incur, and does not
   reasonably believe it will incur debts beyond its ability to pay as such
   debts mature or become due.

      (e) Seller intends to and will wind-up its business operations in
   accordance with applicable law as soon as reasonably practicable after the
   Closing consistent with this Agreement and in a manner providing for full
   payment to or adequate provision for all creditors. The parties agree that
   notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Dissolution (as defined
   herein) shall not mandate that Seller effect the dissolution of its
   corporate entity in accordance with Delaware law except to the extent that
   the failure to do so would have a Material Adverse Effect or would
   materially adversely impact Parent or Buyer.

   5.9 Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no agreement (not to
compete or otherwise), commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree to
which Seller or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which has or could
reasonably have the effect of prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or which could reasonably have a Material Adverse Effect.

   5.10 Title to Properties; Absence of Liens and Encumbrances.

      (a) Seller does not own any real property.

      (b) Seller has good and valid title to or, in the case of leased
   properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of the Acquired
   Assets, free and clear of any Liens.

      (c) None of the Subsidiaries of Seller has, or will as of the Closing
   Date have, any right, title or interest in, or to any of the Acquired Assets
   or any of the Transferred Contracts.

                                     A-12

   5.11 Intellectual Property.

      (a) Section 5.11(a) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule lists all
   Registered Intellectual Property Rights included among the Transferred
   Intellectual Property Rights. All such Registered Intellectual Property
   Rights are currently in compliance with formal legal requirements (including
   payment of filing, examination and maintenance fees and proofs of use), are
   valid (except with respect to pending applications for any patents,
   trademarks, or other forms of intellectual property, as to which no
   representation or warranty concerning validity is made) and subsisting, and
   are not subject to any unpaid maintenance fees or taxes or actions. All such
   Registered Intellectual Property Rights have been assigned to Seller and
   such assignments have been properly recorded prior to the Closing. There are
   no pending proceedings or actions before any court or tribunal (including
   the PTO or equivalent authority anywhere in the world) related to any such
   Registered Intellectual Property Rights.

      (b) Each item of Transferred Intellectual Property Rights embodied in or
   relating to the Transferred Technology is free and clear of any Liens.

      (c) To the extent that any Transferred Intellectual Property Rights
   embodied in or relating to the Transferred Technology were originally owned
   or created by or for any third party, including any contractor or employee
   of Seller and any predecessor of Seller: (i) Seller has a written agreement
   with such third party or parties with respect thereto, pursuant to which
   Seller has obtained complete, unencumbered and unrestricted ownership and is
   the exclusive owner of, all such Transferred Intellectual Property Rights by
   valid assignment or otherwise; and (ii) the assignment by Seller to Buyer
   hereunder of such Transferred Intellectual Property Rights will not violate
   such third party agreements.

      (d) Seller has not transferred ownership of, or granted any license of or
   right to use that is in effect as of the Existing Agreement Date, or
   authorized the retention of any rights to use, any Transferred Intellectual
   Property Right embodied in or relating to the Transferred Technology to any
   other Person, except for non-exclusive Object Code end-user licenses, and
   non-exclusive end-user licenses to immaterial portions of the Source Code,
   granted to customers in the ordinary course of business.

      (e) The Transferred Technology delivered to Buyer under this Agreement
   includes all Source Code, tools, and other Software used by Seller to, or
   necessary to, build, modify, debug and operate the current versions or
   releases of the Products in substantially the same manner as Seller did so
   prior to the Existing Agreement Date, except for those items licensed to
   Seller under the Excluded Contracts and the Non-Transferred Licenses which
   Seller is prohibited from providing to Buyer under the Excluded Contracts or
   the Non-Transferred Licenses. The Acquired Assets and the Licensed
   Intellectual Property, along with the Intellectual Property Rights licensed
   under the Excluded Contracts or the Non-Transferred Licenses, are sufficient
   to make, use, sell, license, distribute and market the current version or
   release of the Products in substantially the same manner as Seller did so
   prior to the Existing Agreement Date without infringing or misappropriating
   any other Person's Intellectual Property Rights. Seller has the right to
   deliver all Software and other materials and information delivered to Buyer
   under this Agreement without infringing or misappropriating any other
   Person's Intellectual Property Rights.

      (f) Seller hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Buyer, only as of
   the Closing Date, that Section 5.11(f) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule to
   be delivered pursuant to Section 7.2(h) will list all Third Party Software
   in the Transferred Technology.

      (g) No government funding, facilities of a university, college, other
   educational institution or research center or funding from third parties was
   used in the development of the Transferred Technology.

      (h) To the knowledge of Seller, the making, using, selling, licensing and
   distribution of the current version or release of the Products by Seller
   does not (i) infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of
   any Person, or (ii) constitute unfair competition or trade practices under
   the laws of any jurisdiction. Seller has not received written notice from
   any Person claiming that the making, using, selling, licensing or
   distribution of the current versions or releases of the Products infringes
   or misappropriates the

                                     A-13

   Intellectual Property Rights of any Person or constitutes unfair competition
   or trade practices under the laws of any jurisdiction.

      (i) There are no Contracts between Seller and any other Person with
   respect to the Acquired Assets, including the Transferred Intellectual
   Property Rights, under which there is any pending dispute or (to Seller's
   knowledge) threatened dispute regarding the scope of such Contract or
   performance under such Contract.

      (j) To the knowledge of Seller, no Person is infringing or
   misappropriating the Transferred Intellectual Property Rights embodied in or
   relating to the Transferred Technology.

      (k) Seller has taken all reasonable steps that are required to protect
   its rights in the Trade Secrets associated with or related to the
   Transferred Technology, and Seller has taken reasonable steps to prevent
   misappropriation of any Trade Secrets of any third party.

      (l) Except as set forth in Section 5.11(l) of the Disclosure Schedule, no
   third party possesses any copy of any Source Code for the Kernel for any
   Product. In addition, no third party possesses any copy of any other Source
   Code for any Product, other than portions of the Source Code the use of
   which by any other Person would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (m) There is no Third Party Software incorporated in the Kernel for the
   current version of any Product.

      (n) Seller has and enforces a policy requiring each employee and
   consultant of Seller to execute a proprietary rights and confidentiality
   agreement substantially in a form that Seller has delivered to Buyer, and
   all current and former employees and consultants of Seller or any of its
   Subsidiaries who have created or modified in any material respect any of the
   Transferred Technology have executed such an agreement, except where the
   failure to have obtained such an agreement would not reasonably be expected,
   individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (o) No Transferred Intellectual Property Rights embodied in or relating
   to the Transferred Technology are subject to any proceeding or outstanding
   decree, order, judgment, or stipulation that restricts the use, transfer or
   licensing thereof or may affect the validity, use, or enforceability
   thereof.

      (p) To the extent that Seller has distributed or licensed any Product to
   an end user pursuant to any form of encryption key, no third party has had
   access to any such keys enabling disclosure of such keys to a third party.

   5.12 Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding or
investigation of any nature pending or (to the knowledge of Seller) threatened
relating to the Products, the Acquired Assets or the Designated Employees as of
the Existing Agreement Date. To the knowledge of Seller, there is no
investigation or other proceeding pending or threatened relating to the
Acquired Assets or the Designated Employees by or before any Governmental
Entity as of the Existing Agreement Date. There are no judgments, orders,
decrees, citations, fines or penalties heretofore assessed against Seller or
any of its Subsidiaries under any foreign, federal, state or local law that
would reasonably have a Material Adverse Effect.

   5.13 Brokers' or Finders' Fees. Except as set forth in Section 5.13 of the
Seller Disclosure Schedule, Seller has not incurred, nor will it incur,
directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents'
commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby.

   5.14 Tax Matters

      (a) Tax Returns and Audits.

          (i) To the extent failure to do so could reasonably have a Material
       Adverse Effect or would materially adversely impact Parent or Buyer,
       Seller and each of its Subsidiaries has prepared and timely filed all
       required federal, state, local and foreign returns, estimates,
       information statements and

                                     A-14

       reports ("Returns") relating to any and all Taxes concerning or
       attributable to Seller, its Subsidiaries or the operations of Seller and
       its Subsidiaries and such Returns are true and correct and have been
       completed, in all material respects, in accordance with applicable law.

          (ii) To the extent failure to do so could reasonably have a Material
       Adverse Effect or would materially adversely impact Parent or Buyer,
       Seller and each of its Subsidiaries (A) has paid all Taxes shown to be
       due on such returns and (B) has withheld with respect to its employees
       all federal, state and foreign income taxes and social security charges
       and similar fees, Federal Insurance Contribution Act, Federal
       Unemployment Tax Act and other Taxes required to be withheld.

          (iii) To the extent failure to do so could reasonably have a Material
       Adverse Effect or would materially adversely impact Parent or Buyer,
       neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries has been delinquent in the
       payment of any Tax, nor is there any Tax deficiency outstanding,
       assessed or proposed against Seller, nor has Seller executed any waiver
       of any statute of limitations on or extending the period for the
       assessment or collection of any Tax.

          (iv) No audit or other examination of any Return of Seller or any of
       its Subsidiaries is presently in progress, nor has Seller or any of its
       Subsidiaries been notified in writing of any request for such an audit
       or other examination pursuant to which an assessment could reasonably
       have a Material Adverse Effect or would materially adversely impact
       Parent or Buyer.

          (v) Seller is not aware of, and knows no factual basis for the
       assertion of any material claim for Taxes for which Buyer would become
       liable as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
       and the Collateral Agreements.

   5.15 Power of Attorney. There are no outstanding powers of attorney executed
on behalf of Seller in respect of the Acquired Assets except as granted to
Buyer hereunder.

   5.16 Compliance with Laws. Seller and each of its Subsidiaries have complied
with, are not in violation of, and have not received any notices of violation
with respect to, any foreign, federal, state or local statute, law or
regulation with respect to the sale and distribution of the Products, or
otherwise with respect to the Acquired Assets, except for any non-compliance or
violations the existence of which would not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

   5.17 Product Warranties. Except for any of the following the existence of
which would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to
have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Product manufactured, sold, leased,
licensed or delivered by Seller has been done so in conformity with all
applicable contractual commitments and all express and implied warranties, and
(ii) Seller has no liability for replacement or repair thereof or other damages
in connection therewith.

   5.18 Employee Matters.

      (a) Pension Plan. Seller has never maintained, established, sponsored,
   participated in, or contributed to, any Pension Plan which is subject to
   Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code.

      (b) Scheduled Employees. Concurrent with the execution of the Existing
   Agreement, Seller delivered to Buyer a written statement that contains the
   names of individuals (including dependents) (i) currently receiving COBRA
   continuation coverage under any heath plan of Seller, (ii) terminated within
   115 days prior to the Existing Agreement Date, (iii) employed by Seller as
   of the date immediately preceding the Existing Agreement Date and who will
   be terminated in connection with the acquisition, and (iv) who are
   Designated Employees.

      (c) Multiemployer and Multiple Employer Plans. At no time has Seller
   contributed to or been obligated to contribute to any Multiemployer Plan.
   Seller has never maintained, established, sponsored, participated in, or
   contributed to any multiple employer plan, or to any plan described in
   Section 413 of the Code.

                                     A-15

      (d) No Post-Employment Obligations. Except as set forth in Section
   5.18(d) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, no Employee Plan provides, or
   reflects or represents any liability to provide retiree health to any person
   for any reason, except as may be required by COBRA or other applicable
   statute.

      (e) Effect of Transaction.

          (i) Except as set forth on Section 5.18(e) of the Seller Disclosure
       Schedule, the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the
       transactions contemplated hereby will not (either alone or upon the
       occurrence of any additional or subsequent events) constitute an event
       under any Employee Plan or Employment Agreement that will or would
       reasonably result in any payment (whether of severance pay or
       otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting,
       distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with
       respect to any Employee.

      (f) Health Care Compliance. Neither Seller nor any ERISA Affiliate is in
   violation, in any material respect, of the health care continuation
   requirements of COBRA, the requirements of the Family Medical Leave Act of
   1993, as amended, the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and
   Accountability Act of 1996, the requirements of the Women's Health and
   Cancer Rights Act of 1998, the requirements of the Newborns' and Mothers'
   Health Protection Act of 1996, or any amendment to each such act, or any
   similar provisions of state law applicable to its Employees.

      (g) Employment Matters. Seller: (i) is in compliance in all respects with
   all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations
   respecting employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of
   employment and wages and hours, in each case, with respect to Employees;
   (ii) has withheld and reported all amounts required by law or by agreement
   to be withheld and reported with respect to wages, salaries and other
   payments to Employees; (iii) is not liable for any arrears of wages or any
   taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing; and
   (iv) is not liable for any payment to any trust or other fund governed by or
   maintained by or on behalf of any governmental authority, with respect to
   unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or
   obligations for Employees (other than routine payments to be made in the
   normal course of business and consistent with past practice).

      (h) Labor. No work stoppage or labor strike against Seller is pending or,
   to the knowledge of Seller, threatened involving any of the Designated
   Employees. Seller does not know of any activities or proceedings of any
   labor union to organize any of the Designated Employees. Except as set forth
   in Section 5.18(h) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, there are no actions,
   suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances pending, or, to the knowledge of
   Seller, threatened relating to any labor, safety or discrimination matters
   involving any Designated Employee, including, without limitation, charges of
   unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints, which, if adversely
   determined, would, individually or in the aggregate, result in any material
   liability to Seller. Except as set forth in Section 5.18(h) of the Seller
   Disclosure Schedule, Seller is not a party to, or bound by, any collective
   bargaining agreement or union contract with respect to any of the Designated
   Employees and no collective bargaining agreement is currently being
   negotiated by Seller.

   5.19 International Employee Plan. Seller does not now, nor has it in the
last two years had the obligation to, maintain, establish, sponsor, participate
in, or contribute to any International Employee Plan.

   5.20 Business Changes. From June 30, 2001 through the Existing Agreement
Date, except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement, or as set forth in
Section 5.20 of the Seller Disclosure Schedule:

      (a) There have been no changes in the condition (financial or otherwise),
   business, net worth, assets, operations, obligations or liabilities of
   Seller which, in the aggregate, have had or may be reasonably expected to
   have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (b) Seller has not mortgaged, pledged, or otherwise encumbered any of the
   Acquired Assets.

      (c) Seller has not sold, assigned, licensed, leased, transferred or
   conveyed, or committed itself to sell, assign, license, lease, transfer or
   convey, any of the Acquired Assets except for non-exclusive licenses entered
   into in the ordinary course of business.

                                     A-16

      (d) There has been no destruction of, damage to or loss of any of the
   Acquired Assets.

      (e) There has been no notice of any claim or potential claim of ownership
   by any Person other than Seller or its Subsidiaries of the Transferred
   Technology, the Transferred Intellectual Property Rights, the Licensed
   Intellectual Property Rights, or the Licensed Technology or of infringement
   by Buyer or its Subsidiaries of any other Person's Intellectual Property
   Rights.

      (f) There has been no dispute, proceeding, litigation, arbitration or
   mediation pending or (to the knowledge of Seller) threatened against Seller
   or any of its Subsidiaries related to the Acquired Assets.

      (g) There has been no event or condition of any character that has had or
   is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (h) There has been no agreement by Seller or any of its Subsidiaries or
   any employees, agents or affiliates of Seller or its Subsidiaries to do any
   of the things described in the preceding clauses (a) through (g) (other than
   negotiations with Parent and Buyer and their representatives regarding the
   transactions contemplated by this Agreement).

                                   ARTICLE 6

              REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND BUYER

   Except as disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule delivered to Seller on the
Existing Agreement Date (the "Parent Disclosure Schedule"), Parent and Buyer
hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to Seller, as of the
Existing Agreement Date (except to the extent such representations and
warranties address matters as of a particular date or period, in which case
such representations and warranties are made as of such date or period), as
follows:

   6.1 Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. Each of Parent and Buyer
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of Delaware. Buyer is a wholly owned Subsidiary of El Camino
Acquisition Corporation, which is in turn a wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent.

   6.2 Authority. Each of Parent and Buyer has all requisite corporate power
and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Buyer. This
Agreement and the Collateral Agreements have been duly executed and delivered
by Parent and Buyer and constitute the valid and binding obligations of Parent
and Buyer, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by principles of public policy and subject to the
rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief or other
equitable remedies.

   6.3 No Conflict. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the Collateral Agreements, nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, will conflict with, or result in any violation
of, or default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) (i) any
provision of the certificate of incorporation, as amended, and bylaws, as
amended, of Parent or Buyer, (ii) any Contract to which Parent or Buyer or any
of their respective properties or assets are subject and which has been filed
as an exhibit to Parent's filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
or (iii) any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to Parent or Buyer or their respective properties or
assets, except in each case where such conflict, violation or default will not
have a material adverse effect on Parent or Buyer or will not affect the
legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Collateral
Agreements.

   6.4 SEC Filings. Parent has delivered or made available to Seller (through
reference to documents filed by EDGAR or otherwise) accurate and complete
copies of all forms, reports and documents filed by Parent with

                                     A-17

the SEC since March 2, 2000 (the "Parent SEC Reports"), which are all the
forms, reports and documents required to be filed by Parent with the SEC since
such date. As of their respective dates, the Parent SEC Reports (i) were
prepared in accordance and complied in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, as the case may be,
and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder applicable to such Parent
SEC Reports and (ii) did not at the time they were filed contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of
Parent's Subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other documents
with the SEC.

   6.5 Consents. No consent, waiver, approval, order or authorization of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity, or any third
party is required by or with respect to Parent or Buyer in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Collateral Agreements or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except for such consents,
waivers, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and
filings which, if not obtained or made, would not have a material adverse
effect on Parent or Buyer.

   6.6 Brokers' and Finders' Fees. Neither Parent nor Buyer has incurred, nor
will they incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or
finders' fees or agents' commissions or any similar charges in connection with
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                   ARTICLE 7

                           COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

   7.1 Access. During the period commencing on the Existing Agreement Date and
continuing through the earlier of the Closing Date or the termination of this
Agreement, Seller, upon reasonable prior notice from Parent or Buyer to Seller,
and subject to the Confidentiality Agreement, will (a) afford to Buyer and its
representatives, at reasonable times during normal business hours, reasonable
access to the appropriate members of Seller's personnel, Seller's professional
advisors, and Seller's properties, and (b) furnish Buyer and its
representatives with reasonable access to or copies of Transferred Contracts,
relevant Books and Records, and other existing documents and data related to
the Acquired Assets as Buyer may reasonably request (including to enable Buyer
to assess Seller's compliance with its obligations under this Agreement).
Except as otherwise provided herein, no information or knowledge obtained in
any investigation pursuant to this Section 7.1 shall affect or be deemed to
modify any representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to the
obligations of the parties hereto to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby.

   7.2 Pre-Closing Activities of Seller. Between the Existing Agreement Date
and the earlier of the Closing Date or the termination of this Agreement,
unless otherwise agreed in writing by Parent or Buyer, Seller will:

      (a) conduct its business (as it relates to the Acquired Assets) in a
   commercially reasonable manner;

      (b) pay its debts and Taxes when due, where failure to pay when due would
   be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;

      (c) pay or perform other obligations related to the Acquired Assets,
   where failure to pay or perform would be reasonably likely to have a
   Material Adverse Effect;

      (d) use commercially reasonable, good faith efforts to maintain its
   relations and goodwill with suppliers, customers, distributors, licensors,
   licensees, landlords, trade creditors, employees, agents and others having
   business relationships with Seller relating to the Acquired Assets to the
   extent Seller knows or has reason to believe that Buyer intends to have
   business relations with such parties with respect to the Acquired Assets
   following the Closing;

                                     A-18

      (e) keep Buyer reasonably informed concerning material business or
   operational matters relating to the Acquired Assets;

      (f) use commercially reasonable, good faith efforts to maintain the
   Acquired Assets in their current condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted;

      (g) use commercially reasonable efforts to identify and notify Buyer of
   material Sublicensing Requirements and, upon receipt of Buyer's written
   authorization to do so, comply with the Sublicensing Requirements for the
   Licensed Intellectual Property specified in Buyer's authorization to the
   extent provided in Section 4.1; provided, however, that, with respect to
   those Sublicensing Restrictions that require the consent, approval or other
   action of any third party, Seller shall only be required to use commercially
   reasonable efforts to comply with such Sublicensing Restrictions; and

      (h) complete and deliver to Buyer and Parent Section 5.11(f) of the
   Seller Disclosure Schedule on or before the Closing Date.

   7.3 Conduct Prior to Closing. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by
this Agreement, between the Existing Agreement Date and the earlier of (i) the
Closing Date and (ii) the termination of this Agreement, Seller will not take
any action as a result of which any of the changes or events described in
Section 5.20 of this Agreement would likely or foreseeably occur. In addition,
between the Existing Agreement Date and the earlier of (i) the Closing Date and
(ii) the termination of this Agreement, Seller will not, without the prior
written consent of Parent or Buyer, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld:

      (a) take any action to materially impair, encumber, or create a Lien
   against the Acquired Assets;

      (b) except to comply with existing contractual obligations or commitments
   or with respect to non-exclusive licenses entered into in the ordinary
   course of business consistent with past practice, buy, or enter into any
   inbound license agreement with respect to, Third Party Technology or the
   Intellectual Property Rights of any third party to be incorporated in or
   used in connection with the Products or sell, lease or otherwise transfer or
   dispose of, or enter into any outbound license agreement with respect to,
   any of the Acquired Assets with any third party;

      (c) except to comply with existing contractual obligations or commitments
   or with respect to non-exclusive licenses entered into in the ordinary
   course of business consistent with past practice, enter into any Contract
   relating to (i) the sale or distribution of any Product, (ii) any of the
   Acquired Assets, or (iii) any Licensed Intellectual Property (subject to
   Section 7.2(g) above);

      (d) change pricing or royalties charged to customers or licensees of the
   Acquired Assets;

      (e) enter into any strategic arrangement or relationship, development or
   joint marketing arrangement or agreement relating to the Acquired Assets;

      (f) fire, or give notice of termination to, any Designated Employee,
   except as permitted under the terms of that certain Funding Agreement
   between Buyer and Seller of even date herewith (the "Funding Agreement");

      (g) amend or modify, except to the extent required by the terms thereof,
   or violate the terms of, any of the Transferred Contracts;

      (h) adopt or change any accounting method in respect of Taxes, enter into
   any closing agreement, settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes,
   or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to
   any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, in each case where such action
   would reasonably have a Material Adverse Effect; and

      (i) agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described in
   Sections 7.3(a) through (h) above.

                                     A-19

   7.4 Confidentiality. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the
information obtained in any investigation pursuant to Section 7.1, or pursuant
to the negotiation and execution of this Agreement or the effectuation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, shall be governed by the terms of the Mutual
Nondisclosure Agreement between Parent and Seller dated June 22, 2000, as
amended by Amendment Number 1 to such agreement dated June 21, 2001.

   7.5 Use of Confidential Information. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein or in any other agreement of Seller, including any
agreement between Seller and any employee of Seller, after the Closing, Buyer
shall have the unrestricted, sublicensable and transferable right, and Seller
hereby consents to such rights of Buyer, to use, disclose and exploit in any
manner and without restriction any and all confidential information embodied in
any of the Acquired Assets. To the extent that any Designated Employee may be
bound by any agreement or policy of Seller or any of its Subsidiaries that
would in any way limit or restrict the rights of Buyer to such confidential
information hereunder, Seller shall not assert, enforce or otherwise exercise
its rights under such agreement or policy against any Designated Employee or
Buyer.

   7.6 Seller Intellectual Property Covenants. After the Closing, Seller shall
not: (i) transfer or license any Intellectual Property Rights to any third
party; (ii) use, exercise or otherwise exploit any Transferred Technology; or
(iii) disclose any Trade Secrets related to the Transferred Intellectual
Property Rights to any third party. Prior to the Closing, at Seller's request
Seller and Parent shall enter into an escrow agreement with a third party
escrow agent (the "Escrow Agreement") which shall provide that: (1) Seller
shall deposit, with such escrow agent, prior to the Closing, a copy of the
Source Code for the Products (including prior versions thereof) and related
materials or information (the "Escrowed Materials") which Seller reasonably
expects could be necessary for the prosecution or defense of claims or causes
of action by or against Seller for violations of (or that otherwise arise
under) the antitrust laws of any jurisdiction, and (2) Seller shall have the
right to obtain from such escrow agent a copy of the Escrowed Materials that
are reasonably necessary for the prosecution or defense of any such antitrust
claim or cause of action by or against Seller, provided that Seller first
obtains certain protective orders or other reasonable confidentiality
protections as set forth in the Escrow Agreement, and provided further that
Seller shall have the right to use such materials only in connection with such
specific claim or cause of action, and shall return to the escrow agent or
destroy such materials upon the final resolution (including through any
appeals) of such claim or cause of action. Except with respect to Escrowed
Materials released to Seller as described above, after the Closing, upon
written notice from Buyer, Seller shall destroy all copies of Source Code in
Seller's possession or control relating to the current version and all prior
versions of the Product and all copies in Seller's possession or control of
specifications, documentation, and other materials and information relating
thereto.

   7.7 Covenant Not to Compete or Solicit.

      (a) Subject to the Closing, and without limiting Seller's ability to
   prosecute antitrust claims against third parties, beginning on the Closing
   Date and ending on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Closing Date (the
   "Non-Competition Period"), Seller shall not directly or indirectly (other
   than on behalf of Buyer), without the prior written consent of Parent or
   Buyer, engage in a Competitive Business Activity (as defined below) anywhere
   in the Restricted Territory (as defined below). For all purposes hereof, the
   term "Competitive Business Activity" shall mean: (i) engaging in, managing
   or directing persons engaged in any business in competition with Parent's
   Platform Business; (ii) acquiring or having an ownership interest in any
   entity which derives revenues from any business in competition with Parent's
   Platform Business (except for ownership of one percent (1%) or less of any
   entity whose securities have been registered under the Securities Act, or
   Section12 of the Exchange Act); or (iii) participating in the operation,
   management or control of any firm, partnership, corporation, entity or
   business described in clause (ii) of this sentence. For all purposes hereof,
   the term "Restricted Territory" shall mean each and every country, province,
   state, city or other political subdivision of the world including those in
   which Parent is currently engaged in business or otherwise distributes,
   licenses or sells products.

      (b) Subject to the Closing, and beginning on the Closing Date and ending
   on the second (2nd) anniversary of the Closing Date, Seller shall not
   solicit, encourage or take any other action which is intended

                                     A-20

   to induce or encourage or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of
   inducing or encouraging, any employee of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent
  