URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/723612/000089843001502103/0000898430-01-502103.txt

	1722312

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 KAPIOLANI BLVD
		STREET 2:		STE 800
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8089457439

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1440 KAPIOLANI BLVD
		STREET 2:		STE 800
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96814

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CENDANT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000723612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				060918165
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9734965036

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9 WEST 57TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMP U CARD INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CUC INTERNATIONAL INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

SC TO-T

dsctot.txt

TENDER OFFER

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                --------------

                                  SCHEDULE TO
                             TENDER OFFER STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                        SECTION 14(d)(1) OR 13(e)(1) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                --------------

                              CHEAP TICKETS, INC.
                       (Name of Subject Company (issuer))

                                --------------

                      Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation
                              Cendant Corporation
                      (Name of Filing Persons (Offerors))

                                --------------

                    Common Stock, par value $0.001 per Share
                       (Titles of Classes of Securities)

                                --------------

                     (CUSIP Number of Class of Securities)

                                --------------

                             James E. Buckman, Esq.
                       Vice Chairman and General Counsel
                              Cendant Corporation
                               9 West 57th Street
                            New York, New York 10019
                                 (212) 413-1800
(Name, address and telephone number of person authorized to receive notices and
                 communications on behalf of the filing person)

                                   Copies to:

         Kenton J. King, Esq.                              Eric J. Bock
kadden,SArps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP            Senior Vice President, Legal
    525 University Ave., Ste. 1100                     Cendant Corporation
     Palo Alto, California 94301                        9 West 57th Street
            (650) 470-4500                           New York, New York 10019
                                                          (212) 413-1800

                     CALCULATION OF FILING FEE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

           Transaction Valuation*                          Amount of Filing Fee**
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                $406,241,791                                      $81,249

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
*  Estimated for purposes of calculating the filing fee only. This calculation
   assumes the purchase of 23,299,413 shares of common stock of Cheap Tickets,
   Inc. at the tender offer price of $16.50 per share of common stock. The
   transaction value also includes the offer price of $16.50 less $11.16, which
   is the average exercise price of outstanding options, multiplied by
   2,652,698, the estimated number of options outstanding. The transaction
   value further includes the offer price of $16.50 less $11.805, which is the
   exercise price of outstanding warrants, multiplied by 1,626,426, the number
   of warrants outstanding.

** The amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11 of the
   Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, equals 1/50 of 1% of the
   transaction valuation.

[_]Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule 0-
   11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was
   previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
   number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

   Amount Previously Paid: _________________  Filing Party:____________________________
   Form or Registration No.: _______________  Date Filed:______________________________

[_]Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications
   made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates:

  [X]third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.
  [_]issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.
  [_]going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.
  [_]amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2.

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the
results of the tender offer: [_]

   This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this "Schedule TO") relates to
the offer by Diamondhead Merger Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
"Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Cendant" or "Parent"), to purchase all the outstanding shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Cheap Tickets, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Cheap Tickets" or the "Company"), at a purchase price of $16.50
per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated August
23, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of Transmittal,
copies of which are filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and
(a)(1)(C) respectively. This Schedule TO is being filed on behalf of Purchaser
and Cendant.

   The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase, including the Schedule
thereto, is hereby incorporated by reference in answer to items 1 through 11 of
this Schedule TO, and is supplemented by the information specifically provided
herein.

ITEM 1. SUMMARY TERM SHEET

   The information set forth in the "Summary Term Sheet" of the Offer to
Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 2. SUBJECT COMPANY INFORMATION

   (a) The name of the subject company is Cheap Tickets, Inc., a Delaware
corporation. The Company's principal executive offices are located at 1440
Kapiolani Blvd., Honolulu, Hawaii 96814. The Company's telephone number is
(808) 945-7439.

   (b) This statement relates to Cheap Tickets' shares of common stock, par
value $0.001 per share, of which there were 23,299,413 issued and outstanding
as of August 13, 2001. The information set forth in the "Introduction" of the
Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

   (c) The information set forth in Section 6 of the Offer to Purchase entitled
"Price Range of Shares; Dividend on the Shares" is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 3. IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF FILING PERSON

   (a) This Schedule TO is filed by the Purchaser and Cendant. The information
set forth in Section 9 of the Offer to Purchase entitled "Certain Information
Concerning Parent and the Purchaser" is incorporated herein by reference.

   (b) The information set forth in Section 9 of the Offer to Purchase entitled
"Certain Information Concerning Parent and the Purchaser" is incorporated
herein by reference.

   (c) The information set forth in Section 9 of the Offer to Purchase entitled
"Certain Information Concerning Parent and the Purchaser" is incorporated
herein by reference. Except as set forth below, during the last five years,
none of the Purchaser or Cendant or, to the best knowledge of the Purchaser or
Cendant, any of the persons listed on Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase (i)
has been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or
similar misdemeanors) or (ii) was a party to any judicial or administrative
proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or
settlement) that resulting in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the
person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal
or state securities laws, or finding of any violation of such laws.

   On June 14, 2000, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")
instituted and simultaneously settled an administrative proceeding,
Administrative Proceeding File No. 3-10225, against Cendant in connection with
certain accounting irregularities at the former CUC International, Inc., which
merged with HFS Incorporated in December 1997 to form Cendant. The SEC found
that, as a result of such accounting irregularities, Cendant violated the
periodic reporting, corporate record-keeping and internal controls provisions
of the federal securities laws. Without admitting or denying the findings
contained in the SEC's administrative

order, Cendant consented to the issuance of an SEC order directing Cendant to
cease and desist from committing or causing any violation, and any future
violation, of the periodic reporting, corporate record-keeping and internal
controls provisions of the federal securities laws. No financial penalties were
imposed against Cendant.

ITEM 4. TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION

   The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 5. PAST CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS, NEGOTIATIONS AND AGREEMENTS.

   The information set forth in Sections 9, 11, 12 and 13 of the Offer to
Purchase entitled "Certain Information Regarding Parent and the Purchaser,"
"Background of the Offer," "Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the Company" and
"The Merger Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement," respectively, is
incorporated herein by reference. Except as set forth therein, there have been
no material contacts, negotiations or transactions during the past two (2)
years which would be required to be disclosed under this Item 5 between any of
the Purchaser or Cendant or any of their respective subsidiaries or, to the
best knowledge of Purchaser or Cendant, any of those persons listed on Schedule
I to the Offer to Purchase, on the one hand, and the Company or its affiliates,
on the other, concerning a merger, consolidation or acquisition, a tender offer
or other acquisition of securities, an election of directors or sale or
transfer of a material amount of assets.

ITEM 6. PURPOSE OF THIS TRANSACTION AND PLANS OR PROPOSALS.

   (a),(c)(1-7) The information set forth in the "Introduction" and Sections 12
and 13 of the Offer to Purchase entitled "Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the
Company," and "The Merger Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement," and,
respectively, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7. SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS OR OTHER CONSIDERATION.

   The information set forth in Section 10 of the Offer to Purchase entitled
"Source and Amount of Funds" is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8. INTEREST IN SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY.

   The information set forth in the "Introduction" and Sections 5, 9, 11 and 13
of the Offer to Purchase entitled "Certain Information Concerning Parent and
the Purchaser," "Background of the Offer" and "The Merger Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreement," respectively, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9. PERSONS/ASSETS RETAINED, EMPLOYED, COMPENSATED OR USED.

   The information set forth in the "Introduction" and Section 16 of the Offer
to Purchase entitled "Fees and Expenses" is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 10. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

   Not applicable.

ITEM 11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

   The information set forth in Sections 11, 13 and 16 of the Offer to Purchase
entitled "Background of the Offer," "The Merger Agreement and the Stockholder
Agreement" and "Fees and Expenses," respectively, is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 12. EXHIBITS

   (a)(1)(A) Offer to Purchase dated August 23, 2001.
   (a)(1)(B) Letter of Transmittal.
   (a)(1)(C) Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
   (a)(1)(D) Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and other
              Nominees.
   (a)(1)(E) Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust
              Companies and other Nominees.
   (a)(1)(F) Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
              Substitute Form W-9
   (a)(1)(G) Press Release issued by Cendant on August 23, 2001.
             Summary Advertisement published in the Wall Street Journal on
   (a)(1)(I)  August 23, 2001.
   (a)(1)(J) Letter to Stockholders from President and Chief Executive Officer
              of Cheap Tickets dated August 23, 2001.
   (b)       Not applicable.
   (d)(1)    Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 13, 2001, among
              Cendant, Purchaser and Cheap Tickets.
   (d)(2)    Stockholder Agreement dated as of August 13, 2001 by and among
              Cendant, Purchaser, Cheap Tickets and Stockholders.
   (d)(3)    Confidentiality Agreement, dated May 24, 2001, as amended on July
              3, 2001 and August 11, 2001, between Cheap Tickets and Cendant
              Internet Group, Inc.
   (g)       Not applicable.
   (h)       Not applicable.

                                   SIGNATURES

   After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify that
the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.

                                          DIAMONDHEAD ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                                                   /s/ Eric J. Bock
                                          By: _________________________________
                                          Name: Eric J. Bock
                                          Title: Senior Vice President and
                                           Secretary

                                          CENDANT CORPORATION

                                                   /s/ Eric J. Bock
                                          By: _________________________________
                                          Name: Eric J. Bock
                                          Title: Senior Vice President, Law
                                               and Corporate Secretary

Date: August 23, 2001

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

 Exhibit
 Number    Document
 -------   --------

 (a)(1)(A) Offer to Purchase dated August 23, 2001.
 (a)(1)(B) Letter of Transmittal.
 (a)(1)(C) Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
 (a)(1)(D) Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies and other
            Nominees.
 (a)(1)(E) Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust
            Companies and other Nominees.
 (a)(1)(F) Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
            Substitute Form W-9
 (a)(1)(G) Press Release issued by Cendant on August 23, 2001.
 (a)(1)(I) Summary Advertisement published in the Wall Street Journal on August
            23, 2001.
 (a)(1)(J) Letter to Stockholders from President and Chief Executive Officer of
            Cheap Tickets dated August 23, 2001.
 (b)       Not applicable.
 (d)(1)    Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 13, 2001, among
            Cendant, Purchaser and Cheap Tickets.
 (d)(2)    Stockholder Agreement dated as of August 13, 2001 by and among
            Cendant, Purchaser, Cheap Tickets and Stockholders.
 (d)(3)    Confidentiality Agreement, dated May 24, 2001, as amended on July 3,
            2001 and August 11, 2001, between Cheap Tickets and Cendant
            Internet Group, Inc.
 (g)       Not applicable.
 (h)       Not applicable.

EX-99.(A)(1)(A)

dex99a1a.txt

OFFER TO PURCHASE

                                                            Exhibit 99.(A)(1)(A)

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF
                              CHEAP TICKETS, INC.
                              $16.50 NET PER SHARE
                                       BY
                      DIAMONDHEAD ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF
                              CENDANT CORPORATION

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
       TIME, ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

   THE OFFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED
AS OF AUGUST 13, 2001 (THE "MERGER AGREEMENT") BY AND AMONG CENDANT
CORPORATION, DIAMONDHEAD ACQUISITION CORPORATION AND CHEAP TICKETS, INC. (THE
"COMPANY"). THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY, BY UNANIMOUS VOTE OF THOSE
PRESENT, (1) DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO
AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, (2) APPROVED THE
MERGER AGREEMENT (AS DEFINED HEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY,
INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (3) RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES (AS DEFINED HEREIN)
PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

   THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (1) THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN ON OR PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER, THAT
NUMBER OF SHARES THAT, WHEN ADDED TO THE SHARES THEN BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY
PARENT OR THE PURCHASER, IF ANY, REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES
OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE, AND (2) THE
EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF ANY APPLICABLE WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE HART-
SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED.

                               ----------------

                                   IMPORTANT

   Any stockholder who desires to tender all or any portion of such
stockholder's shares should either (i) complete and sign the Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions in the
Letter of Transmittal, mail or deliver it and any other required documents to
the Depositary (as defined herein) and either deliver the certificates for such
shares to the Depositary or tender such shares pursuant to the procedures for
book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 or (ii) request such stockholder's
broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee to effect the
transaction for such stockholder. Any stockholder whose shares are registered
in the name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
nominee must contact such person to tender their shares.

   Any stockholder who desires to tender shares and whose certificates
representing such shares are not immediately available, or who cannot comply
with the procedures for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may tender such
shares by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery set forth in Section
3--"Procedure for Tendering Shares."

   Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to Georgeson
Shareholder Communications, Inc. (the "Information Agent") or Goldman Sachs &
Co. (the "Dealer Manager") at their respective locations and telephone numbers
set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Requests for additional
copies of this Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer
Manager, or to brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies. A
stockholder also may contact brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust
companies for assistance concerning the Offer to Purchase.

                               ----------------

                      THE DEALER MANAGER FOR THE OFFER IS:
                              GOLDMAN SACHS & CO.

                               ----------------

AUGUST 23, 2001

                               

                                                                          PAGE
                                                                          ----

 SUMMARY TERM SHEET......................................................   1

 INTRODUCTION............................................................   5

 THE TENDER OFFER........................................................   7
   1. Terms of the Offer................................................    7
   2. Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares.....................    9
   3. Procedure for Tendering Shares....................................   10
   4. Withdrawal Rights.................................................   13
   5. Certain Federal Income Tax Consequences...........................   13
   6. Price Range of the Shares; Dividends on the Shares................   14
   7. Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock Listing;
      Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations.....................   15
   8. Certain Information Concerning the Company........................   16
   9. Certain Information Concerning Parent and the Purchaser...........   18
  10. Source and Amount of Funds........................................   20
  11. Background of the Offer...........................................   20
  12. Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the Company.......................   22
  13. The Merger Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement................   24
  14. Certain Conditions of the Offer...................................   35
  15. Certain Legal Matters.............................................   37
  16. Fees and Expenses.................................................   39
  17. Miscellaneous.....................................................   40

 SCHEDULE I--Directors and Executive Officers of Parent and Purchaser....  41

                               SUMMARY TERM SHEET

   Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation is offering to purchase all of the
outstanding shares of common stock of Cheap Tickets, Inc. for $16.50 per share
in cash. The following are some of the questions you may have as a stockholder
of Cheap Tickets and answers to those questions. We urge you to carefully read
the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal because
the information in this summary is not complete. Additional important
information is contained in the remainder of this Offer to Purchase and the
Letter of Transmittal.

Who is offering to buy my shares?

   Our name is Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation. We are a Delaware
corporation formed for the purpose of making a tender offer for all of the
common stock of Cheap Tickets. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant
Corporation, a Delaware corporation. See "Introduction" to this Offer to
Purchase and Section 9--"Certain Information Concerning Parent and Purchaser."

What shares are being sought in the offer?

   We are seeking to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock of
Cheap Tickets. See "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 1--
"Terms of the Offer."

How much are you offering to pay? What is the form of payment? Will I have to
pay any fees or commissions?

   We are offering to pay $16.50 per share, net to you, in cash. If you are the
record owner of your shares and you tender your shares to us in the offer, you
will not have to pay brokerage fees or similar expenses. If you own your shares
through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your shares on your
behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should
consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply. See
the "Introduction" to the Offer to Purchase.

Do you have the financial resources to make payment?

   Cendant, our parent company, will provide us with sufficient funds to
purchase all shares validly tendered and not withdrawn in the offer and to
provide funding for the merger, which is expected to follow the successful
completion of the offer. Cendant will use generally available corporate funds
for this purpose. The offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangements.
See Section 10--"Source and Amount of Funds."

Is your financial condition relevant to my decision to tender in the offer?

   We do not think that our financial condition is relevant to your decision to
tender shares and accept the offer because:

  . the offer is being made for all outstanding shares solely for cash;

  . the offer is not subject to any financing condition; and

  . if we consummate the offer, we will acquire all remaining shares for the
    same cash price in the merger as in the offer.

   See Section 10--"Source and Amounts of Funds."

How long do I have to decide whether to tender in the offer?

   You will have at least until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday,
September 21, 2001, to decide whether to tender your shares in the offer.
Further, if you cannot deliver everything that is required in order to make a
valid tender by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed delivery
procedure, which is described later in this Offer to Purchase. See Section 1--
"Terms of the Offer" and Section 3--"Procedure for Tendering Shares."

Can the offer be extended and under what circumstances?

   Yes. The offer may be extended for varying lengths of time depending on the
circumstances. Specifically, we have agreed in the merger agreement that:

  . We may, at our discretion, extend the expiration date of the offer if any
    of the conditions to our obligation to accept for payment and pay for
    shares tendered into the offer have not been satisfied or waived by us.

  . We may, at our discretion, extend the expiration date of the offer for up
    to 10 business days if less than 90% of the outstanding shares are
    tendered; our extension under these circumstances would constitute our
    waiver of most of the conditions of the offer.

  . We may, at our discretion, elect to provide a subsequent offering period
    of three to 20 business days, beginning after we have purchased shares
    during the offer, during which stockholders may tender, but not withdraw,
    their shares and receive the offer consideration.

  . We may extend the expiration date of the offer upon an increase in the
    offer price for the shares as provided under federal securities laws.

  . If, at any scheduled expiration date of the offer certain specified
    conditions to the offer, including the Minimum Condition (defined below),
    have not been satisfied, Cheap Tickets may require us to extend the
    offer, in increments of not more than 10 business days, to a date not
    more than 50 days later than the date of this Offer to Purchase, subject
    to our right to terminate the merger agreement in accordance with its
    terms. Also, if at any scheduled expiration date of the offer the waiting
    period applicable under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
    of 1976, as amended, or any comparable provision of foreign laws has not
    expired or terminated, Cheap Tickets may require us to extend the offer,
    in increments of not more than 10 business days, up to November 30, 2001,
    or, where either we or Cheap Tickets have elected in accordance with the
    merger agreement to extend the outside date by which the offer must be
    consummated, up to January 21, 2002, subject to our right to terminate
    the agreement in accordance with its terms. Finally, if at any scheduled
    expiration date of the offer, Cheap Tickets has breached or failed, in a
    material respect, to perform or to comply with its material agreements
    under the merger agreement, Cheap Tickets may require us to extend the
    offer to a date that is not more than 10 days after that scheduled
    expiration date, subject to our right to terminate the merger agreement
    in accordance with its terms.

   See Section 1--"Terms of the Offer."

How will I be notified if the offer is extended?

   If we extend the offer, we will inform Mellon Investor Services LLC, the
depositary for the offer, of that fact and will make a public announcement of
the extension, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the business
day after the day on which the offer was scheduled to expire. See Section 1--
"Terms of the Offer."

What are the most significant conditions to the offer?

  . We are not obligated to purchase any shares which are validly tendered
    and not withdrawn unless that number of shares which, when added to the
    shares then owned by us or Cendant, if any, represents at least a
    majority of the shares of Cheap Tickets outstanding on a fully diluted
    basis. We call this condition the "Minimum Condition."

  . We are not obligated to purchase any shares that are validly tendered if,
    among other things, there is a material adverse change in Cheap Tickets
    or its business.

  . We are not obligated to purchase shares which are validly tendered if the
    board of directors of Cheap Tickets will have withdrawn its
    recommendation of the offer and merger.

  . We are not obligated to purchase any shares unless and until the
    expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the
    Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act.

   The offer is subject to a number of other conditions. We can waive some of
the conditions to the offer without Cheap Tickets' consent. We cannot, however,
waive the Minimum Condition. See Section 14--"Certain Conditions of the Offer."

How do I tender my shares?

   To tender shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your
shares, together with a completed Letter of Transmittal, to Mellon Investor
Services, LLC, the depositary for the offer, not later than the time the tender
offer expires. If your shares are held in street name, the shares can be
tendered by your nominee through Mellon Investor Services LLC If you cannot get
something that is required to the depositary by the expiration of the tender
offer, you may get a little extra time to do so by having a broker, a bank or
other fiduciary which is a member of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion
Program or other eligible institution guarantee that the missing items will be
received by the depositary within three Nasdaq Stock Market trading days.
However, the depositary must receive the missing items within that three
trading day period or else your shares will not be validly tendered. See
Section 3--"Procedure for Tendering Shares."

Until what time can I withdraw previously tendered shares?

   You can withdraw shares at any time until the offer has expired. If we have
not agreed to accept your shares for payment by October 21, 2001, you can
withdraw them at any time after such time until we accept them for payment.
This right to withdraw will not apply to any subsequent offering period. See
Section 1--"Terms of the Offer" and Section 4--"Withdrawal Rights."

How do I withdraw previously tendered shares?

   To withdraw shares, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal, or a
facsimile of one, with the required information to the depositary while you
still have the right to withdraw the shares. See Section 4 --"Withdrawal
Rights."

What does the board of directors of Cheap Tickets think of the offer?

   We are making the offer pursuant to our merger agreement with Cheap Tickets,
which has been approved by the board of directors of Cheap Tickets. The board
of directors of Cheap Tickets unanimously approved the merger agreement, our
tender offer and the proposed merger of us with and into Cheap Tickets. The
board of directors of Cheap Tickets also has unanimously determined that the
merger agreement, the tender offer and the proposed merger are in the best
interests of stockholders and has recommended that stockholders tender their
shares. See the "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 11--
"Background of the Offer."

Have any Cheap Tickets stockholders agreed to tender their shares?

   Yes. Certain stockholders owning approximately 47% of the Company's
outstanding shares have agreed to tender their shares in the offer. See
"Introduction" to this offer to Purchase and Section 13--"The Merger Agreement
and the Stockholder Agreement."

If a majority of the shares are tendered and accepted for payment, will Cheap
Tickets continue as a public company?

   No. If the merger takes place, Cheap Tickets no longer will be publicly
owned. Even if the merger does not take place, if we purchase all the tendered
shares, there may be so few remaining stockholders and publicly held shares
that Cheap Tickets common stock will no longer be eligible to be traded through
a Nasdaq market or on a securities exchange, there may not be a public trading
market for Cheap Tickets stock, and

Cheap Tickets may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise being required
to comply with the SEC rules relating to publicly held companies. See Section
7--"Effect of the Offer on the Market for Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act
Registration; Margin Regulations."

Will the tender offer be followed by a merger if all the Cheap Tickets Shares
are not tendered in the offer?

   If we accept for payment and pay for at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Cheap Tickets on a fully diluted basis, subject to the merger
agreement, we will be merged with and into Cheap Tickets. If that merger takes
place, Cendant will own all of the shares of Cheap Tickets and all remaining
stockholders of Cheap Tickets (other than us) will receive $16.50 per share in
cash (or any other higher price per share which may be paid in the offer). See
"Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase.

If I decide not to tender, how will the offer affect my shares?

   If the merger described above takes place, stockholders not tendering the
offer will receive the same amount of cash per share which they would have
received had they tendered their shares in the offer. Therefore, if the merger
takes place, the only difference to you between tendering your shares and not
tendering your shares is that you will be paid earlier if you tender your
shares. However, if the merger does not take place because less than a majority
of the shares have been tendered, but we decide and are entitled to purchase
the shares tendered anyway, the number of stockholders and number of shares of
Cheap Tickets which are still in the hands of the public may be so small that
there no longer may be an active public trading market (or, possibly, any
public trading market) for the Cheap Tickets common stock. Also, as described
above, Cheap Tickets may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise being
required to comply with the SEC rules relating to publicly held companies. See
"Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 7--"Effect of the Offer on
the Market for Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin
Regulation."

What is the market value of my shares as of a recent date?

   On August 10, 2001, the last trading day before we announced the tender
offer and the possible subsequent merger, the last sale price of Cheap Tickets
common stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $11.85 per share. On
August 22, the last full day prior to commencement of the offer, the last sale
price of Cheap Tickets common stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market was
$16.34 per share. We advise you to obtain a recent quotation for shares of
Cheap Tickets common stock in deciding whether to tender your shares. See
Section 6--"Price of Range of Shares; Dividends on the Shares."

Who can I talk to if I have questions about the tender offer?

   You may call Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. at (800) 223-2064
(toll-free). Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. is acting as the
information agent for our tender offer. See the back cover of this Offer to
Purchase.

To the Holders of Common Stock of
CHEAP TICKETS, INC:

                                  INTRODUCTION

   Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
"Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), hereby offers to purchase all issued and outstanding
shares of common stock (the "Common Stock"), $0.001 par value (the "Shares"),
of Cheap Tickets, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a price of
$16.50 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of
Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements hereto or
thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer").

   Tendering stockholders whose Shares are registered in their own names and
who tender directly to the Depositary (as defined below) will not be obligated
to pay brokerage fees or commissions or, except as set forth in Instruction 5
of the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of Shares pursuant to
the offer. The Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the offer of Goldman, Sachs & Co. which is acting as the Dealer Manager
(the "Dealer Manager"), Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., which is
acting as the Information Agent (the "Information Agent"), and Mellon Investor
Services LLC, which is acting as the Depositary (the "Depositary"). See Section
16--"Fees and Expenses."

   The offer is conditioned upon, among other things, there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the offer, that number of
Shares which when added to the Shares then beneficially owned by the Parent or
the Purchaser, if any, represents at least a majority of the Shares outstanding
on a fully diluted basis on the date of purchase (the "Minimum Condition"). See
Section 14--"Certain Conditions of the Offer."

   The offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
August 13, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among the Parent, the
Purchaser and the Company pursuant to which, as soon as practicable after the
completion of the offer and satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of all
conditions to the Merger (as defined below), the Purchaser will be merged with
and into the Company with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Parent (the "Merger"). The Company, as the corporation
surviving the Merger, is sometimes herein referred to as the "Surviving
Corporation." At the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time"), each
Share then outstanding (other than Shares held by Parent, the Purchaser, the
Company, or any wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent or the Company) will be
converted into the right to receive $16.50 per Share, net to the seller in
cash, or any higher price per Share paid in the offer (such price, being
referred to herein as the "Offer Price"), without interest. The Merger
Agreement is more fully described in Section 13--"The Merger Agreement and the
Stockholder Agreement."

   The Company has informed the Purchaser that, as of August 13, 2001, there
were (i) 24,336,701 Shares issued and outstanding, of which 1,037,288 are
issued and held in the Company's treasury; (ii) outstanding options to purchase
an aggregate of 2,652,698 Shares under the Company's stock plans; and (iii)
outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,626,426 Shares. Based on the
foregoing, and assuming that no Shares are issued after August 13, 2001, the
Minimum Condition will be satisfied if at least 13,789,269 Shares are validly
tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the offer. If the Minimum
Condition is satisfied and the Purchaser accepts for payment the Shares
tendered pursuant to the offer, the Purchaser will be able to elect a majority
of the members of the Company's board of directors and to effect the merger
without the affirmative vote of any other stockholder of the Company. See
Section 12--"Purpose of the Offer; Plans for the Company." As a condition and
inducement to Parent's and the Purchaser's entering into the Merger Agreement,
certain stockholders of the Company (each, a "Stockholder"), who together hold
dispositive power with respect to 10,960,637 Shares, immediately following the
execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement entered into a Stockholder
Agreement (the "Stockholder Agreement"), dated August 13, 2001, with the Parent
and the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Stockholder Agreement, the Stockholders have
agreed, among other things, to tender the Shares held by them in the offer,

and to grant Parent a proxy with respect to the voting of their Shares in favor
of the Merger. In addition, in the Stockholder Agreement, each Stockholder has
granted Parent an option (the "Option") to purchase all Shares beneficially
owned or controlled by such Stockholder as of the date of the Stockholder
Agreement, or beneficially owned or controlled by such Stockholder (including,
without limitation, by way of exercise of options, warrants or other rights to
purchase Shares or by way of dividend, distribution, exchange, merger,
consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization, stock split or otherwise),
which option is generally exercisable in the event that a Stockholder either
does not tender his, her or its Shares into the offer or withdraws any Shares
so tendered prior to termination of the Stockholder Agreement, subject to
certain conditions. See Section 13--"The Merger Agreement and the Stockholder
Agreement."

   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY BY UNANIMOUS VOTE OF THOSE PRESENT (1)
DETERMINED THAT THE TERMS OF EACH OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO AND
IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, (2) APPROVED THE
MERGER AGREEMENT, THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
THEREBY, INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (3) RECOMMENDS THAT THE
STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES TO THE
PURCHASER PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

   CIBC World Markets Corp., the Company's financial advisor ("CIBC World
Markets"), has delivered to the Company's board of directors its written
opinion, dated August 13, 2001, to the effect that, as of such date, based on
and subject to certain matters stated in such opinion, the $16.50 per Share
cash consideration to be received in the Offer and the Merger, taken together,
by the holders of Shares (other than Parent and its affiliates), was fair, from
a financial point of view, to such holders. The full text of CIBC World
Market's opinion is set forth as an Exhibit to the Company's
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule 14D-9")
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"),
which is being mailed to stockholders of the Company with this Offer to
Purchase. Stockholders are urged to read the Schedule 14D-9 and such opinion
carefully in their entirety.

   Consummation of the Merger is subject to a number of conditions, including
the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares, if required by applicable
law in order to consummate the Merger. See Section 15--"Certain Legal Matters."
If the Purchaser acquires at least 90% of the outstanding Shares, the Purchaser
will be able to consummate the Merger without a vote of the Company's
stockholders. In such event, Parent, the Purchaser and the Company have agreed
in the Merger Agreement to take all necessary and appropriate action to cause
the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable after the acceptance and
payment for Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the offer without a meeting of
the stockholders.

   THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND SHOULD BE READ IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE ANY DECISION
IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

                                THE TENDER OFFER

   1. TERMS OF THE OFFER.

   Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, the Purchaser
will accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered prior to the
Expiration Date and not theretofore withdrawn in accordance with Section 4--
"Withdrawal Rights." The term "Expiration Date" means 12:00 midnight, New York
City time, on Friday, September 21, 2001, unless and until, in accordance with
the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser extends or the Company the
period of time for which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration
Date" means the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by the
Purchaser, expires.

   The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, the satisfaction of the
Minimum Condition, the expiration or termination of all waiting periods imposed
by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and
the regulations thereunder (the "HSR Act") and any comparable provisions under
any applicable pre-merger notification, laws or regulations of foreign
jurisdictions and the other conditions set forth in Section 14--"Certain
Conditions of the Offer." If such conditions are not satisfied prior to the
Expiration Date, the Purchaser reserves the right, subject to the Company's
right to obligate the Purchaser to extend the Offer as set forth below and the
terms of the Merger Agreement, to (i) decline to purchase any of the Shares
tendered and terminate the Offer, (ii) waive any of the conditions to the
Offer, to the extent permitted by applicable law, and, subject to complying
with applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the "SEC") and its staff applicable to the Offer, purchase all Shares validly
tendered, (iii) extend the Offer and, subject to the right of stockholders to
withdraw Shares, retain the Shares which will have been tendered during the
period or periods for which the Offer is open or extended or (iv) amend the
Offer.

   Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Purchaser may (i) extend
the Offer and thereby delay acceptance for payment of, and the payment for, any
Shares, by giving oral or written notice of such extension to the Depositary
and (ii) amend the Offer by giving oral or written notice of such amendment to
the Depositary. Any extension, amendment or termination of the Offer will be
followed as promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof, the
announcement in the case of an extension to be issued no later than 9:00 a.m.,
New York City time, on the next business day after the previously scheduled
Expiration Date in accordance with the public announcement requirements of Rule
14d-4(c) under the Exchange Act. Without limiting the obligation of the
Purchaser under such Rule or the manner in which the Purchaser may choose to
make any public announcement, the Purchaser currently intends to make
announcements by issuing a press release to the Dow Jones News Service. UNDER
NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER PRICE TO BE PAID BY THE
PURCHASER FOR THE SHARES, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY
IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.

   The Merger Agreement provides that, except as described below, the Purchaser
will not (i) amend or waive the Minimum Condition, (ii) decrease the Offer
Price or change the form of consideration payable in the Offer, (iii) decrease
the number of Shares sought to be purchased in the Offer, (iv) impose
additional conditions to the Offer, (v) extend the Offer beyond that date that
is 20 business days after commencement of the Offer or the last day of the last
extension, if any, of the Offer, whichever is later, except as provided in the
Merger Agreement or (vi) amend any condition of the Offer described in Section
14--"Certain Conditions of the Offer" in any manner adverse to the holders of
the Shares without the prior written consent of the Company, or: provided,
however, that (a) if on the Expiration Date, all Offer Conditions required by
the Merger Agreement will not have been satisfied or waived, the Purchaser may,
from time to time, in its sole discretion, extend the Offer for such period as
the Purchaser may determine, (b) the Purchaser may, in its sole discretion,
provide a "Subsequent Offering Period" in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the
Exchange Act and (c) the Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, extend the
Offer for any reason on one or more occasions for an aggregate period of not
more than 10 business days beyond the latest expiration date of the Offer that
would otherwise be permitted under clause (a) or (b) of this sentence if, on
such expiration date, there have not been tendered at least 90% of the
outstanding Shares; provided, further, that Purchaser's decision to extend the
Offer in the case of this clause (c) will, except as provided by the Merger
Agreement, constitute a waiver of each Offer Condition.

   The Merger Agreement also provides that (a) if at any scheduled expiration
date of the Offer the waiting period applicable under the HSR Act or any
comparable provision of foreign law has not expired or terminated, the Company
may require Parent and Purchaser to extend the Offer, in increments of not more
than 10 business days, up to November 30, 2001, or, if elected by the Parent or
by the Company pursuant to the Merger Agreement, up to January 21, 2002,
subject to the right of Parent, Purchaser and the Company to terminate the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms; (b) if at any scheduled
expiration date of the Offer the condition listed in paragraph (g) of Section
14--"Certain Conditions of the Offer" has not been satisfied, the Company may
require Parent and Purchaser to extend the Offer to a date that is not more
than 10 days after the previously scheduled Expiration Date, subject to the
right of Parent, Purchaser and the Company to terminate the Merger Agreement in
accordance with its terms; and (c) if at any scheduled Expiration Date of the
Offer the Minimum Condition or either of the conditions listed in paragraphs
(c) or (d) of Section 14--"Certain Conditions of the Offer" have not been
satisfied, the Company may require Parent and the Purchaser to extend the
Offer, in increments of not more than 10 business days, to a date not more than
50 days later than the date on which the Offer is commenced, subject to the
right of Parent, Purchaser or the Company to terminate the Merger Agreement in
accordance with its terms.

   A Subsequent Offering Period would be an additional period of time from
three to 20 business days in length, following the expiration of the Offer,
during which stockholders may tender Shares for the Offer Price. Rule 14d-11
provides that the Purchaser may include a Subsequent Offering Period so long
as, among other things, (i) the Offer remained open for a minimum of 20
business days and has expired, (ii) all conditions to the Offer are deemed
satisfied or waived by the Purchaser on or before the Expiration Date, (iii)
the Purchaser accepts and promptly pays for all Shares tendered during the
Offer prior to the Expiration Date, (iv) the Purchaser announces the results of
the Offer, including the approximate number and percentage of Shares deposited
in the Offer, no later than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the next business
day after the Expiration Date and immediately begins the Subsequent Offering
Period, and (v) the Purchaser immediately accepts and promptly pays for Shares
as they are tendered during the Subsequent Offering Period.

   In a public release, the SEC has expressed the view that the inclusion of a
Subsequent Offering Period would constitute a material change to the terms of
the Offer requiring the Purchaser to disseminate new information to
stockholders in a manner reasonably calculated to inform them of such change
sufficiently in advance of the Expiration Date (generally five business days).
The SEC, however, has recently stated that such advance notice may not be
required under certain circumstances. In the event the Purchaser elects to
include a Subsequent Offering Period, it will notify stockholders of the
Company consistent with the requirements of the SEC. The Purchaser does not
currently intend to include a Subsequent Offering Period in the Offer, although
it reserves the right to do so in its sole discretion. Pursuant to Rule 14d-7
under the Exchange Act, no withdrawal rights apply to Shares tendered during a
Subsequent Offering Period, and no withdrawal rights apply during the
Subsequent Offering Period with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and
accepted for payment. During a Subsequent Offering Period, the Purchaser will
promptly purchase and pay for all Shares tendered at the same price paid in the
Offer. In addition, the Purchaser may increase the Offer Price and extend the
Offer to the extent required by law in connection with such increase, in each
case in its sole discretion and without Company's consent. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Purchaser may, without the consent of the Company, extend the Offer
for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of
the SEC or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer.

   If the Purchaser extends the Offer, or if the Purchaser (whether before or
after its acceptance for payment of Shares) is delayed in its purchase of or
payment for Shares or is unable to pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any
reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the
Depositary may retain tendered Shares on behalf of the Purchaser, and such
Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent tendering stockholders are
entitled to withdrawal rights as described in Section 4--"Withdrawal Rights."
However, the ability of the Purchaser to delay the payment for Shares which the
Purchaser has accepted for payment is limited by Rule 14e-l(c) under the
Exchange Act, which requires that a bidder pay the consideration offered or
return the securities deposited by or on behalf of holders of securities
promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the Offer.

   If the Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the Offer or the
information concerning the Offer or waives a material condition of the Offer,
the Purchaser will disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the
Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(c), 14d-6(d) and 14e-1 under the
Exchange Act. The minimum period during which the Offer must remain open
following material changes in the terms of the Offer or information concerning
the Offer, other than a change in price or a change in percentage of securities
sought, will depend upon the facts and circumstances then existing, including
the relative materiality of the changed terms or information. In the SEC's
view, an offer should remain open for a minimum of five business days from the
date a material change is first published, sent or given to security holders
and that, if material changes are made with respect to information not
materially less significant than the offer price and the number of shares being
sought, a minimum of 10 business days may be required to allow adequate
dissemination and investor response. The requirement to extend the Offer will
not apply to the extent that the number of business days remaining between the
occurrence of the change and the then-scheduled Expiration Date equals or
exceeds the minimum extension period that would be required because of such
amendment. As used in this Offer to Purchase, "business day" has the meaning
set forth in Rule 14d-1 under the Exchange Act.

   PURSUANT TO RULE 14D-7 UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT, NO WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS APPLY
DURING THE SUBSEQUENT OFFERING PERIOD. FURTHERMORE, THE SAME CONSIDERATION, THE
OFFER PRICE, WILL BE PAID TO STOCKHOLDERS TENDERING SHARES IN A SUBSEQUENT
OFFERING PERIOD, IF ONE IS INCLUDED, AS IN THE OFFER.

   The Company has provided the Purchaser with the Company's stockholder lists
and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to
holders of Shares. This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal
will be mailed by the Purchaser to record holders of Shares and will be
furnished by the Purchaser to brokers, dealers, banks and similar persons whose
names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the stockholder lists or, if
applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security
position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares.

   2. ACCEPTANCE FOR PAYMENT AND PAYMENT FOR SHARES.

   Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if the
Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension or
amendment), the Purchaser will accept for payment and will pay, promptly after
the Expiration Date, for all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration
Date and not properly withdrawn in accordance with Section 4--"Withdrawal
Rights." Subject to the Merger Agreement and compliance with Rule 14e-1(c)
under the Exchange Act, the Purchaser expressly reserves the right to delay
acceptance for payment for Shares in order to comply with any applicable law,
including, without limitation, the HSR Act and any comparable provisions under
any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of foreign
jurisdictions. See Section 15--"Certain Legal Matters."

   In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer
will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates
for evidencing Shares (the "Share Certificates") or confirmation (a "Book-Entry
Confirmation") of a book-entry transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's
account at The Depositary Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility")
pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3--"Procedures for Tendering
Shares," (ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly
completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the
case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined below) in lieu of
the Letter of Transmittal, and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter
of Transmittal. The per share consideration paid to any holder of Common Stock
pursuant to the Offer will be the highest per Share consideration paid to any
other holder of such Shares pursuant to the Offer.

   For purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for
payment, and thereby purchased, Shares properly tendered to the Purchaser and
not withdrawn as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the
Depositary of the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to
the Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment
for Shares accepted for payment

pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the Offer Price therefor with
the Depositary, which will act as agent for tendering stockholders for the
purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser and transmitting payment to
tendering stockholders. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE
OFFER PRICE TO BE PAID BY THE PURCHASER FOR THE SHARES, REGARDLESS OF ANY
EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.

   If the Purchaser is delayed in its acceptance for payment of, or payment
for, Shares or is unable to accept for payment or pay for Shares pursuant to
the Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to the Purchaser's rights
under the Offer (including such rights as are set forth in Section 1--"Terms of
the Offer" and Section 14--"Certain Conditions of the Offer") (but subject to
compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act), the Depositary may,
nevertheless, on behalf of the Purchaser, retain tendered Shares, and such
Shares may not be withdrawn except to the extent tendering stockholders are
entitled to exercise, and duly exercise, withdrawal rights as described in
Section 4--"Withdrawal Rights."

   If any tendered Shares are not purchased pursuant to the Offer for any
reason, Share Certificates will be returned, without expense to the tendering
stockholder (or, in the case of Shares delivered by book-entry transfer of such
Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility
pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 3--"Procedures for Tendering
Shares," such Shares will be credited to an account maintained at the Book-
Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as practicable after the expiration or
termination of the Offer.

   The Purchaser reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole or in part,
to Parent or to any affiliate of Parent, the right to purchase Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not relieve the
Purchaser of its obligations under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the
rights of tendering stockholders to receive payment for Shares validly tendered
and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer.

   3. PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES.

   Valid Tender. For a stockholder to validly tender Shares pursuant to the
Offer, either (i) the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly
completed and duly executed, together with any required signature guarantees
(or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined
below) in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal), and any other documents required
by the Letter of Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the
Expiration Date, except with respect to any Subsequent Offering Period, and
either certificates for tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary at
one of such addresses or such Shares must be delivered pursuant to the
procedures for book-entry transfer set forth below and a Book-Entry
Confirmation (as defined below) must be received by the Depositary, in each
case prior to the Expiration Date or (ii) the tendering stockholder must, prior
to the Expiration Date, comply with the guaranteed delivery procedures set
forth below.

   Book-Entry Transfer. The Depositary will establish an account with respect
to the Shares at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility for purposes of the Offer
within two business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase. Any
financial institution that is a participant in the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility's systems may make book-entry delivery of Shares by causing the Book-
Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into the Depositary's account
in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedure for such
transfer. However, although delivery of Shares may be effected through book-
entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility, the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed
and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's
Message (as defined below) in lieu of the Letter of Transmittal, and any other
required documents must, in any case, be received by the Depositary at one of
its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to
the Expiration Date (except with respect to a Subsequent Offering Period, if
one is provided), or the tendering stockholder must comply with the guaranteed
delivery procedures described below.

   The term "Agent's Message" means a message transmitted by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a
Book-Entry Confirmation, that states that the Book-Entry

Transfer Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant
in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that such participant
has received and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal
and that the Purchaser may enforce such agreement against the participant. For
Shares to be validly tendered during any Subsequent Offering Period, the
tendering stockholder must comply with the foregoing procedures except that the
required documents and certificates must be received during the Subsequent
Offering Period.

   THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF SHARES, THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ALL OTHER
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
FACILITY, IS AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING STOCKHOLDER. DELIVERY OF
DOCUMENTS TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER FACILITY'S PROCEDURES DOES NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY.
SHARES WILL BE DEEMED DELIVERED ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY
(INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION).
IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, PROPERLY
INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO
ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

   Signature Guarantees. No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of
Transmittal (i) if the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered
holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this Section 3 includes any participant
in the Book Entry Transfer Facility's systems whose name appears on a security
position listing as the owner of the Shares) of Shares tendered therewith and
such registered holder has not completed either the box entitled "Special
Delivery Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on
the Letter of Transmittal or (ii) if such Shares are tendered for the account
of a financial institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan
associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security
Transfer Agent's Medallion Program, or by any other "eligible guarantor
institution," as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act
(each, an "Eligible Institution" and, collectively, "Eligible Institutions").
In all other cases, all signatures on Letters of Transmittal must be guaranteed
by an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of
Transmittal. If a Share Certificate is registered in the name of a person other
than the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made, or a
Share Certificate not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be returned
to a person other than the registered holder of the certificates surrendered,
then the tendered Share Certificate must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name or names of
the registered holders or owners appear on the Share Certificate, with the
signature(s) on the certificates or stock powers guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution as provided in the Letter of Transmittal. See Instructions 1 and 5
of the Letter of Transmittal.

   Guaranteed Delivery. If a stockholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to
the Offer and the Share Certificates are not immediately available or the
procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis or
time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to
the Expiration Date, such stockholder's tender may be effected if all the
following conditions are met:

  (a) such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

  (b) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery,
      substantially in the form provided by the Purchaser, is received by the
      Depositary, as provided below, prior to the Expiration Date; and

  (c) the Share Certificates (or a Book-Entry Confirmation), in proper form
      for transfer, together with a properly completed and duly executed
      Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any required
      signature guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an
      Agent's Message in lieu of a Letter of Transmittal), and any other
      documents required by the Letter of Transmittal are received by the
      Depositary within three trading days after the date of execution of
      such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. A "trading day" is any day on which
      the National Association of Security Dealers Automated Quotation
      System, Inc. (the "NASDAQ") is open for business.

   The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or transmitted by
telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary and must include a
guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in such Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery made available by the Purchaser.

   Other Requirements. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, payment for
Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made
only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) Share Certificates (or a
timely Book-Entry Confirmation ), (ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature
guarantees (or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message in
lieu of a Letter of Transmittal) and (iii) any other documents required by the
Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering stockholders may be paid at
different times depending upon when Share Certificates or Book-Entry
Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER PRICE TO BE PAID BY
THE PURCHASER FOR THE SHARES, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY
DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.

   Appointment. By executing the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof)
(or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message in lieu of a
Letter of Transmittal), the tendering stockholder will irrevocably appoint
designees of the Purchaser, and each of them, as such stockholder's attorneys-
in-fact and proxies in the manner set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, each
with full power of substitution, to the full extent of such stockholder's
rights with respect to the Shares tendered by such stockholder and accepted for
payment by the Purchaser and with respect to any and all other Shares or other
securities or rights issued or issuable in respect of such Shares. All such
proxies will be considered coupled with an interest in the tendered Shares.
Such appointment will be effective when, and only to the extent that, the
Purchaser accepts for payment Shares tendered by such stockholder as provided
herein. Upon the effectiveness of such appointment, all prior powers of
attorney, proxies and consents given by such stockholder with respect to such
Shares or other securities or rights will, without further action, be revoked
and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be
given by such stockholder (and, if given, will not be deemed effective). The
designees of the Purchaser will thereby be empowered to exercise all voting and
other rights with respect to such Shares and other securities or rights,
including, without limitation, in respect of any annual, special or adjourned
meeting of the Company's stockholders, actions by written consent in lieu of
any such meeting or otherwise, as they in their sole discretion deem proper.
The Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for Shares to be
deemed validly tendered, immediately upon the Purchaser's acceptance for
payment of such Shares, the Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting,
consent and other rights with respect to such Shares and other related
securities or rights, including voting at any meeting of stockholders.

   Determination of Validity. All questions as to the validity, form,
eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance of any tender of Shares
will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, which
determination will be final and binding. The Purchaser reserves the absolute
right to reject any or all tenders of any Shares determined by it not to be in
proper form or the acceptance for payment of, or payment for which may, in the
opinion of the Purchaser's counsel, be unlawful. The Purchaser also reserves
the absolute right, subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, to waive
any of the conditions of the Offer or any defect or irregularity in the tender
of any Shares of any particular stockholder, whether or not similar defects or
irregularities are waived in the case of other stockholders. No tender of
Shares will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects or
irregularities relating thereto have been cured or waived. None of the
Purchaser, Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent, the Company, the
Dealer Manager or any other person will be under any duty to give notification
of any defects or irregularities in tenders or incur any liability for failure
to give any such notification. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
the Purchaser's interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer
(including the Letter of Transmittal and the instructions thereto and any other
related documents) will be final and binding.

   Backup Withholding. Under the "backup withholding" provisions of United
States federal income tax law, unless a tendering holder of Shares (the
"Payee"), satisfies the conditions described in Instruction 9 of the Letter of
Transmittal or is otherwise exempt, the cash payable as a result of the Offer
may be subject to backup withholding tax at the ordinary income tax rate
applicable to unmarried individuals (currently 30.5%, effective

until December 31, 2001) (the "Withholding Rate"), multiplied by the gross
proceeds. To prevent backup withholding, each Payee should provide the
Depository with such holder's correct taxpayer identification number ("TIN")
and certify that such holder is a U.S. person and is not subject to backup
withholding by completing and signing the Substitute Form W-9 provided in the
Letter of Transmittal. Certain holders (including, among others, all
corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to
backup withholding. Certain foreign holders should complete and sign a Form W-
8BEN (a copy of which may be obtained from the Depository) in order to avoid
backup withholding. See Instruction 9 of the Letter of Transmittal.

   4. WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS.

   Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4, tenders of Shares are
irrevocable. Except as provided below with respect to a Subsequent Offering
Period, Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the
procedures set forth below at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless
theretofore accepted for payment and paid for by the Purchaser pursuant to the
Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after October 21, 2001.

   For a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile
transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at
one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase and
must specify the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn,
the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of
the Shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who
tendered the Shares. If Share Certificates have been delivered or otherwise
identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such
certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted
to the Depositary and, unless such Shares have been tendered by an Eligible
Institution, the signatures on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by
an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been tendered pursuant to the
procedures for book-entry transfer as set forth in Section 3--"Procedures for
Tendering Shares", any notice of withdrawal must also specify the name and
number of the account at the appropriate Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be
credited with the withdrawn Shares and otherwise comply with such Book-Entry
Transfer Facility's procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of Shares may not be
rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not
validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be
retendered by again following one of the procedures described in Section 3--
"Procedures for Tendering Shares" any time prior to the Expiration Date.

   No withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered into a Subsequent
Offering Period under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act, and no withdrawal rights
apply during a Subsequent Offering Period under Rule 14d-11 with respect to
Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. See Section 1--"Terms of
the Offer."

   All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of
notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, which determination will be final and binding. None of the
Purchaser, Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent, the Dealer Manager or
any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or
irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure
to give any such notification.

   5. CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES.

   The following is a general summary of certain United States federal income
tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to holders of Shares whose Shares
are, respectively, sold pursuant to the Offer or converted into the right to
receive cash in the Merger. This discussion is for general information purposes
only and does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation
that may be relevant to particular holders of Shares in light of their specific
investment or tax circumstances. The discussion is based on current provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), Treasury
regulations issued thereunder, and administrative and judicial interpretations
thereof, all as in effect as of the date hereof and all of which are subject to
change, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion applies only to
holders who hold Shares as "capital assets" within the meaning of Section 1221
and of the Code may not apply to holders who acquired their Shares pursuant to
the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation. In
addition, this

discussion does not apply to certain types of holders subject to special tax
rules including, but not limited to, insurance companies, tax-exempt
organizations, financial institutions, and broker dealers or persons who hold
their Shares as a part of "straddle," "hedge," "conversion transaction,"
"synthetic security" or other integrated investment. The tax consequences of
the Offer and the Merger to holders who hold their Shares through a partnership
or other pass-through entity generally will depend upon such holder's status
for United States federal income tax purposes. This discussion does not address
the United States federal income tax consequences to a holder that, for United
States federal income tax purposes, is a non-resident alien individual, a
foreign corporation, a foreign partnership or a foreign estate or trust, nor
does it consider the effect of any state, local or foreign income tax or other
tax laws. EACH HOLDER IS URGED TO CONSULT SUCH HOLDER'S TAX ADVISOR REGARDING
THE SPECIFIC UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER IN LIGHT OF SUCH HOLDER'S SPECIFIC
TAX SITUATION.

   The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be a
taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and may also
be a taxable transaction under state, local, or foreign tax laws. In general, a
holder who receives cash in exchange for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the
Merger will recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax
purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received
and the holder's tax basis in the Shares exchanged. Gain or loss will be
determined separately for each block of Shares (i.e., Shares acquired at the
same time and price) exchanged pursuant to the Offer or the Merger. Such gain
or loss will generally be capital gain or loss and will generally be long-term
capital gain or loss if such Shares have been held for more than one year at
the time of disposition.

   A holder whose shares are purchased in the Offer may be subject to backup
withholding at the Withholding Rate unless certain information is provided to
the Depositary or an exemption applies. See Section 3--"Procedures for
Tendering Shares."

   6. PRICE RANGE OF THE SHARES; DIVIDENDS ON THE SHARES.

   The Shares have been traded through the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CTIX" since March 18, 1999. The following table sets forth, for each of
the periods indicated, the high and low reported closing sales prices per Share
on the Nasdaq National Market based on published financial sources.

                                                                   HIGH   LOW
                                                                  ------ ------

   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 1999
     Third Quarter............................................... $61.50 $28.19
     Fourth Quarter..............................................  32.63  12.25
   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000
     First Quarter...............................................  18.50  12.13
     Second Quarter..............................................  15.31   9.69
     Third Quarter...............................................  13.88   9.50
     Fourth Quarter..............................................  11.13   7.16
   Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001
     First Quarter...............................................  12.00   8.81
     Second Quarter..............................................  16.55   9.94

   On August 10, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the execution of the Merger Agreement, the last reported sales
price of the Shares on the Nasdaq National Market was $11.85 per Share. On
August 22, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of the
Offer, the last reported sales price of the Shares on the Nasdaq National
Market was $16.34 per Share. Stockholders are urged to obtain a current market
quotation for the Shares.

   The Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends since its initial
public offering. In addition, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the
Company is not permitted to declare or pay dividends with respect to the Shares
without the prior written consent of Parent. Specifically, the Merger Agreement
provides

that neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries will: (i) declare, set
aside or pay any dividend or other distribution payable in cash, stock or
property with respect to its capital stock (except for dividends or
distributions from any of the Company's subsidiaries to the Company); (ii)
issue, sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any additional shares of, or
securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or options, warrants, calls,
commitments or rights of any kind to acquire, any shares of capital stock of
any class of the Company or any of the Company's subsidiaries, other than
Shares reserved for issuance on the date of the Merger Agreement pursuant to
the exercise of the Company Stock Options (as defined in the Merger Agreement)
then outstanding; or (iii) redeem (other than shares underlying Company Stock
Options in connection with a cashless exercise of any Company Stock Option
permitted by the Merger Agreement), purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of
any class or series of its capital stock, or any instrument or security which
consists of or includes a right to acquire such shares except in connection
with the exercise of repurchase rights or rights of first refusal in favor of
the Company with respect to shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of
Company Stock Options granted under the Company Stock Option Plans (as defined
in the Merger Agreement).

  7. EFFECT OF THE OFFER ON THE MARKET FOR THE SHARES; STOCK LISTING;
     EXCHANGE ACT REGISTRATION; MARGIN REGULATIONS.

   Market for the Shares. The purchase of Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to
the Offer will reduce the number of holders of Shares and the number of Shares
that might otherwise trade publicly and could adversely affect the liquidity
and market value of the remaining Shares held by the public.

   NASDAQ Listing. Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to
the Offer, the Shares may no longer meet the requirements of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD") for continued inclusion on
the Nasdaq National Market. Inclusion on the Nasdaq requires that an issuer
either (i) have at least 750,000 publicly held shares, held by at least 400
round-lot stockholders, with a market value of at least $5,000,000, net
tangible assets (total assets (excluding goodwill) less total liabilities) of
at least $4,000,000, have two market makers for the shares, and have a minimum
bid price of $1.00 or (ii) have at least 1,100,000 publicly held shares, held
by at least 400 round-lot stockholders, with a market value of at least
$15,000,000, have a minimum bid price of $5.00, have four market makers for the
shares, and have either (A) a market capitalization of at least $50,000,000 or
(B) total assets and revenues each of at least $50,000,000.

   If the Nasdaq National Market and the Nasdaq Smallcap Market were to cease
to publish quotations for the Shares, it is possible that the Shares would
continue to trade in the over-the-counter market and that price or other
quotations would be reported by other sources. The extent of the public market
for such Shares and the availability of such quotations would depend, however,
upon such factors as the number of stockholders and/or the aggregate market
value of such securities remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining a
market in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination
of registration under the Exchange Act as described below, and other factors.

   Exchange Act Registration. The Shares are currently registered under the
Exchange Act. Such registration may be terminated upon application of the
Company to the SEC if the Shares are neither listed on a national securities
exchange nor held by 300 or more holders of record. Termination of registration
of the Shares under the Exchange Act, assuming there are no other securities of
the Company subject to registration, would substantially reduce the information
required to be furnished by the Company to its stockholders and to the SEC and
would make certain provisions of the Exchange Act no longer applicable to the
Company, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b),
the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement pursuant to Section 14(a) or
14(c) in connection with stockholders' meetings and the related requirement of
furnishing an annual report to stockholders. Furthermore, the ability of
"affiliates" of the Company and persons holding "restricted securities" of the
Company to dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 144A
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), may be impaired or eliminated. The Purchaser intends to seek to cause
the Company to apply for termination of registration of the Shares under the
Exchange Act as soon after the completion of the Offer as the requirements for
such termination are met. If the Nasdaq National Market listing and the
Exchange Act registration of the Shares are

not terminated prior to the Merger, then the Shares will be delisted from the
Nasdaq National Market and the registration of the Shares under the Exchange
Act will be terminated following the consummation of the Merger.

   Margin Regulations. The Shares currently are "margin securities" under the
regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
"Federal Reserve Board"), which status has the effect, among other things, of
allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of the Shares. Depending
upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and market
quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, the Shares would no
longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the margin
regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used
as collateral for loans made by brokers. If registration of the Shares under
the Exchange Act was terminated, the Shares would no longer be "margin
securities."

   8. CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY.

   The Company is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive offices
at 1440 Kapiolani Boulevard, Honolulu, Hawaii 96814. The telephone number of
the Company at such offices is (808) 945-7439. The Company was founded in 1986
and is a leading seller of discounted leisure travel products. The Company
provides consumers access to its exclusive collection of more than one million
unpublished airfares on more than 60 major airlines, in addition to access to
millions of regularly published fares on hundreds of airlines. The Company's
family of discounted travel products also includes cruises, rental cars, and
hotel accommodations. Consumers can conveniently book travel through the
Company 24 hours a day, 7 days a week through its Web site at
http://www.cheaptickets.com and call centers at 1-800-OKCHEAP. The Company
employs more than 1,300 people, and sells an average of one ticket every 10.5
seconds.

   Selected Financial Information. Set forth below is certain selected
consolidated financial information with respect to the Company, excerpted or
derived from the Company's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999. More comprehensive financial information is
included in such reports and in other documents filed by the Company with the
SEC. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to such
reports and other documents and all of the financial information (including any
related notes) contained therein. Such reports and other documents may be
inspected and copies may be obtained from the SEC in the manner set forth
below.

                              CHEAP TICKETS, INC.

                  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                          Fiscal Year Ended
                                                            December 31,
                                                      -------------------------
                                                        2000     1999    1998
                                                      -------- -------- -------

Operating Data:
  Net revenues....................................... $ 98,442 $ 74,007 $38,218
  Net operating income...............................   10,612    8,771   1,636
  Net earnings.......................................   12,012    7,587   1,080
  Diluted earnings per share.........................     0.51     0.31    0.03

Balance Sheet Data:
  Total assets....................................... $166,485 $155,610 $13,226
  Total liabilities..................................   16,690   16,998   7,705
  Mandatorily redeemable preferred stock.............      --       --    4,180
  Stockholders' equity...............................  150,795  138,613   1,385

   Certain Company Projections. Prior to entering into the Merger Agreement,
representatives of Parent conducted a due diligence review of the Company, and
in connection with such review received certain projections of the Company's
future operating performance. To the knowledge of Parent and the Purchaser, the

Company does not as a matter of course, make public forecasts as to its future
financial performance. Parent analyzed the information in the projections,
certain publicly available information and additional information obtained in
Parent's due diligence review of the Company, along with Parent's own estimates
of potential cost savings and benefits, in evaluating the Offer and the Merger.
The financial projections provided to Parent by the Company included, among
other things, the following forecasts of the Company's gross bookings;
revenues; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; and
earnings before interest and taxes (in millions): 920, 121, 13 and 10 in fiscal
2001; 1,219, 167, 30 and 27 in fiscal 2002; 1,468, 200, 37, and 33 in fiscal
2003; 1,720, 236, 45 and 39 in fiscal 2004; 2,000, 273, 54 and 47 in fiscal
2005; and 2,309, 312, 62 and 55 in fiscal 2006. The financial projections
contained therein are based on numerous assumptions, including assumptions
concerning growth in gross bookings, product mix between published fares and
unpublished fares, channel mix between call center sales and online sales,
incentive fees from global distribution system suppliers, cost savings,
industry performance, and general business, economic, market and financial
conditions.

   The Company's financial projections contained therein were prepared for the
limited purpose of managing the operating plan of the Company for fiscal year
2001. They do not reflect recent developments which have occurred since they
were prepared (including the Company's recently publicly announced revision
downward of certain of its estimates for fiscal 2001) or give effect to the
Offer and the Merger, the potential combined operations of the Company and
Parent and its affiliates or changes that may be made to the Company's
operations or strategy after the consummation of the Offer. This reference to
the projections is provided solely because such projections have been provided
to the Purchaser and none of the Purchaser.

   THE PROJECTIONS WERE NOT PREPARED WITH A VIEW TO PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OR
COMPLIANCE WITH PUBLISHED GUIDELINES OF THE SEC OR THE GUIDELINES ESTABLISHED
BY THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS REGARDING PROJECTIONS
OR FORECASTS. THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS HAVE NOT EXAMINED OR
COMPILED ANY OF THESE PROJECTIONS OR EXPRESSED ANY CONCLUSION OR PROVIDED ANY
ASSURANCE WITH RESPECT TO THE PROJECTIONS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS (AS
THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995)
ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS
TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE PROJECTIONS. THE COMPANY HAS ADVISED THE
PURCHASER AND PARENT THAT ITS INTERNAL FINANCIAL FORECASTS (UPON WHICH THE
PROJECTIONS PROVIDED TO PARENT WERE BASED IN PART) ARE, IN GENERAL, PREPARED
SOLELY FOR INTERNAL USE AND CAPITAL BUDGETING AND OTHER MANAGEMENT DECISIONS,
AND ARE SUBJECTIVE IN MANY RESPECTS AND THUS SUSCEPTIBLE TO INTERPRETATIONS AND
PERIODIC REVISION BASED ON ACTUAL EXPERIENCE AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS. THE
PROJECTIONS ALSO REFLECT NUMEROUS ASSUMPTIONS (NOT ALL OF WHICH WERE PROVIDED
TO PARENT), ALL MADE BY MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY, WITH RESPECT TO INDUSTRY
PERFORMANCE, GENERAL BUSINESS, ECONOMIC, MARKET AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS,
COMPETITION AND OTHER MATTERS THAT ARE INHERENTLY SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT
ECONOMIC AND COMPETITIVE UNCERTAINTIES, ALL OF WHICH ARE DIFFICULT TO PREDICT,
MANY OF WHICH ARE BEYOND THE COMPANY'S CONTROL AND NONE OF WHICH WERE SUBJECT
TO APPROVAL BY PARENT OR THE PURCHASER. ACCORDINGLY, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE
THAT THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE IN PREPARING THE PROJECTIONS WILL PROVE ACCURATE, AND
ACTUAL RESULTS MAY BE MATERIALLY GREATER OR LESS THAN THOSE CONTAINED IN THE
PROJECTIONS. THE INCLUSION OF THE PROJECTIONS HEREIN SHOULD NOT BE REGARDED AS
AN INDICATION THAT ANY OF PARENT, THE PURCHASER, THE COMPANY OR THEIR
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES CONSIDERED OR CONSIDER THE PROJECTIONS
TO BE A RELIABLE PREDICTION OF FUTURE EVENTS, AND THE PROJECTIONS SHOULD NOT BE
RELIED UPON AS SUCH. NONE OF PARENT, THE PURCHASER, THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THEIR
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES HAS MADE, OR MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION

TO ANY PERSON REGARDING THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE PROJECTIONS AND NONE
OF THEM INTENDS TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE PROJECTIONS TO REFLECT
CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AFTER THE DATE WHEN MADE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF
FUTURE EVENTS EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING
THE PROJECTIONS ARE SHOWN TO BE IN ERROR. IT IS EXPECTED THAT THERE WILL BE
DIFFERENCES BETWEEN ACTUAL AND PROJECTED RESULTS, AND ACTUAL RESULTS MAY BE
MATERIALLY HIGHER OR LOWER THAN THOSE PROJECTED.

   Available Information. The Company is subject to the informational filing
requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is obligated to
file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to
its business, financial condition and other matters. Information as of
particular dates concerning the Company's directors and officers, their
remuneration, options granted to them, the principal holders of the Company's
securities and any material interests of such persons in transactions with the
Company is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to the
Company's stockholders and filed with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements
and other information should be available for inspection at the public
reference facilities of the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20549, and at the regional offices of the SEC located at Seven World Trade
Center, Suite 1300, New York, NY 10048 and Citicorp Center, 500 West Madison
Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, IL 60661. Copies of such information should be
obtainable by mail, upon payment of the SEC's customary charges, by writing to
the SEC's principal office at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549.
The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports,
proxy statements and other information relating to the Company that have been
filed via the EDGAR System. Such material should also be available for
inspection at the offices of the Nasdaq National Market, located at 20 Broad
Street, New York, New York 10005.

   The information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase,
including that set forth below under the caption "Selected Financial
Information," has been furnished by the Company or has been taken from or based
upon publicly available documents and records on file with the SEC and other
public sources. Neither Parent nor the Purchaser assumes responsibility for the
accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Company contained in
such documents and records or for any failure by the Company to disclose events
which may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such
information but which are unknown to Parent or the Purchaser.

   9. CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARENT AND THE PURCHASER.

   Parent is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive offices at 9
West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019. The telephone number of the Parent
at such offices is (212) 413-1800. Parent is one of the foremost providers of
travel and real estate services in the world. Parent operates in four business
segments--Real Estate Services, Hospitality, Vehicle Services and Financial
Services. Parent businesses provide a wide range of consumer and business
services which are intended to complement one another and create cross-
marketing opportunities both within each segment and between segments. Parent's
Real Estate Services segment franchises real estate brokerage businesses,
provides home buyers with mortgages and assists in employee relocations.
Parent's Hospitality segment franchises hotel businesses and facilitates the
sale and exchange of vacation ownership interests. Parent's Vehicle Services
segment operates and franchises car rental businesses, provides fleet
management services to corporate clients and government agencies and operates
parking facilities in the United Kingdom. Parent's Financial Services segment
provides marketing strategies primarily to financial institutions by offering
an array of financial and insurance-based products to consumers, franchises tax
preparation service businesses and provides consumers with access to a variety
of discounted products and services.

   As a franchise of hotels, residential and commercial real estate brokerage
offices, car rental operations and tax preparation services, Parent licenses
the owners and operators of independent businesses the right to use its brand
names. Parent does not own or operate hotels, real estate brokerage offices or
tax preparation offices. Instead, Parent provide its franchisees with services
designed to increase their revenue and profitability.

   The Purchaser is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive offices
at 9 West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019. The telephone number of the
Purchaser at such offices is (212) 413-1800. The Purchaser is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent and was formed for the purpose of making a tender offer
for all the Shares of the Company.

   The name, citizenship, business address, present principal occupation or
employment and five-year employment history of each of the directors and
executive officers of the Purchaser and Parent are set forth in Schedule I
hereto.

   Except as described in this Offer to Purchase or Schedule I to this Offer to
Purchase (a) neither Parent, Purchaser nor, to the knowledge of Parent and the
Purchaser, any of the persons listed in Schedule I or any associate or
majority-owned subsidiary of Parent or Purchaser or of any of the persons so
listed, beneficially owns or has a right to acquire any Shares or any other
equity securities of the Company; and (b) neither Parent, Purchaser, nor, to
the knowledge of Parent and the Purchaser, any of the persons or entities
referred to in clause (a) above or any of their executive officers, directors
or subsidiaries has effected any transaction in the Shares or any other equity
securities of the Company during the past 60 days.

   Except as provided by the Merger Agreement or as described in this Offer to
Purchase neither Parent, Purchaser nor, to the knowledge of Parent and the
Purchaser, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase,
has any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship with any other
person with respect to any securities of the Company (including, but not
limited to, any contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship concerning
the transfer or the voting of any such securities, joint ventures, loan or
option arrangements, puts or calls, guaranties of loans, guaranties against
loss or the giving or withholding of proxies, consents or authorizations).

   Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase or in Item 3 of the Schedule
TO (as defined below) to which this Offer to Purchase is an exhibit, none of
Parent, the Purchaser nor, to the best knowledge of Parent and the Purchaser,
any of the persons listed on Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, has had any
business relationship or transaction with the Company or any of its executive
officers, directors or affiliates that is required to be reported under the
rules and regulations of the SEC applicable to the Offer. Except as set forth
in this Offer to Purchase, there have been no contracts, negotiations or
transactions between Parent or any of its subsidiaries or, to the best
knowledge of Parent, any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to
Purchase, on the one hand, and the Company or its affiliates, on the other
hand, concerning a merger, consolidation or acquisition, tender offer or other
acquisition of securities, an election of directors or a sale or other transfer
of a material amount of assets. None of the persons listed in Schedule I has,
during the past five years, been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations or similar misdemeanors). None of the persons listed in
Schedule I has, during the past five years, been a party to any judicial or
administrative proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without
sanction or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order
enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities
subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of
federal or state securities laws.

   Available Information. Pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, Parent
and the Purchaser filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO
(the "Schedule TO"), of which this Offer to Purchase forms a part, and exhibits
to the Schedule TO. Additionally, Parent is subject to the information and
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and is required to file periodic
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to its
business, financial condition and other matters. Certain information, as of
particular dates, concerning Parent's business, principal physical properties,
capital structure, material pending legal proceedings, operating results,
financial condition, directors and officers (including their remuneration and
stock options granted to them), the principal holders of Parent's securities,
any material interests of such persons in transactions with Parent and certain
other matters is required to be disclosed in proxy statements and annual
reports distributed to Parent's stockholders and filed with the SEC. The
Schedule TO and the exhibits thereto, as well as these other reports, proxy
statements and other information, may be inspected and copied at the SEC's
public reference facilities in the same manner as set forth above with respect
to the Company in Section 8--"Certain Information Concerning the Company."

   10. SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS.

   The Offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangements. Parent and
Purchaser estimate that the total amount of funds required to consummate the
Offer and the Merger, will be approximately $410 million plus any related
transaction fees and expenses. The Purchaser will acquire all such funds from
Parent, which currently intends to use generally available corporate funds for
this purpose, including the proceeds of recently completed financings.

   Because the only consideration in the Offer and Merger is cash and the Offer
is to purchase all outstanding Shares, and in view of the absence of a
financing condition and the amount of consideration payable in relation to the
financial capacity of Parent and its affiliates, the Purchaser believes the
financial condition of Parent and its affiliates is not material to a decision
by a holder of Shares whether to sell, tender or hold Shares pursuant to the
Offer.

   11. BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER.

   The following information was prepared by the Parent and the Company.
Information about the Company was provided by the Company, and neither
Purchaser nor Parent takes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness
of any information regarding meetings or discussions in which Parent or its
representatives did not participate.

   Parent continually explores and conducts discussions with regards to
acquisitions and other strategic corporate transactions that are consistent
with its corporate strategies.

   Parent was contacted in March 2000 by CIBC World Markets regarding a
possible transaction with the Company and requested to sign a confidentiality
agreement with standstill provisions. In April 2000, after outstanding
negotiation of the confidentiality agreement, Parent declined to execute the
confidentiality agreement and accordingly, no discussions were had at that time
with the Company.

   Beginning in May 2001, Parent began evaluating and investigating the
possibility of a business relationship with Cheap Tickets.

   In May, 2001, Representatives of Parent contacted Sam Galeotos, the
Company's Chief Executive Officer and informed him that Parent was interested
in exploring the possibilities of various relationships between the two
companies. As a result of the conversation, Parent delivered a proposed
confidentiality agreement on behalf to the Company.

   On May 24, 2001, the Company and Cendant Internet Group, Inc. executed a
confidentiality agreement, which was further amended during the course of
negotiations. In the period following execution of the confidentiality
agreement Parent began a review of certain information delivered by the Company
to Parent.

   On June 19, 2001, Mr. Samuel Katz, Chief Strategic Officer and other
representatives of Parent met at Parent's offices in New York City with Mr.
Galeotos and the Company's financial advisor, CIBC World Markets ("CIBC"), to
discuss the possibility of a commercial relationship between the two companies.
Mr. Katz and Mr. Galeotos engaged in a separate conversation, in which Henry R.
Silverman, Parent's chief executive officer, briefly participated. In exploring
the various forms which a possible relationship between the two companies might
take, Mr. Katz and Mr. Galeotos' also engaged in a discussion of the
possibility of Parent's acquiring the Company. Mr. Katz acknowledged Mr.
Galeotos' stated desire for Parent to indicate to the Company any interest in
acquiring the Company.

   On June 21, 2001, Parent delivered a non-binding indication of interest to
the Company, indicating Parent's interest in acquiring the Company, based on a
valuation of between $17 and $20 per share, subject to due diligence, board
approval and other customary conditions. Parent also delivered at that time a
preliminary request for due diligence information.

   On June 25, the Company issued a press release and hosted an open conference
call to announce its preliminary financial results of the quarter ending June
30, 2001, including the fact that revenue and earnings would be significantly
below consensus estimates. The Company attributed the shortfall to technical
problems with its fare publishing and booking software, problems at its call
centers and overall market conditions. Immediately following the announcement
and during the following weeks, the Company's stock traded in a significantly
lower range than during the preceding weeks.

   On June 27, 2001 Goldman, Sachs & Co., Parent's financial advisor, and CIBC
discussed issues affecting the earnings underlying the June 26 press release
and the potential impact of the announcement on any possible valuation of the
Company. Mr. Katz and Mr. Galeotos also spoke regarding the same topic.

   During the week of June 25th, 2001 the two companies agreed to schedule a
due diligence session for the following week. On July 5 and 6, 2001,
representatives of Parent, including William Hunscher, Jr., Executive Vice
President--Strategic Development Group of Parent, met with representatives of
the Company in Honolulu, Hawaii for initial due diligence sessions. At these
meetings, Company management made presentations concerning the Company, its
current and historical financial performance, its prospects and various
operational matters. From this time through August 12, 2001, representatives of
the parties continued to review due diligence information concerning the
business and the financial condition of the Company.

   From the time of these meetings in Honolulu through August 12, 2001, Mr.
Galeotos and the Company's legal and financial advisors conducted negotiations,
through meetings and telephone calls, with Parent and its advisors concerning
primarily both the price of a potential offer for the Company and the structure
and terms of such an offer and subsequent merger, including the terms of a
Stockholder Agreement which Parent had requested in its negotiations to be
entered into with the Company's majority stockholder, Michael Hartley.

   On July 17, 2001, Parent delivered a revised non-binding indication of
interest to the Company indicating its interest in acquiring the Company, based
on a valuation of between $15 and $17 per share and subject to continued due
diligence and the negotiation of definitive documentation.

   Over the next several days, representatives of the two companies, including
its financial advisors, spoke regarding Parent's proposed valuation range.
Among other things, the Company communicated its desire to receive from Parent
a proposal containing a single price.

   On July 19, counsel for Parent provided a draft of a merger agreement to
counsel for the Company and a draft of a stockholder agreement to be provided
to the Stockholders. Between July 25 and August 12, representatives of Parent
and the Company negotiated the provisions of the proposed merger agreement.
Between August 7, 2001 and August 12, 2001, representatives of Parent and of
the Stockholders negotiated the terms of the proposed stockholder agreement.

   On July 19, 2001, Mr. Hunscher orally communicated to Mr. Galeotos, and
delivered to CIBC World Markets, Parent's revised non-binding indication of
interest in a possible transaction at a price of $17 per share, again subject
to the results of ongoing due diligence and board approvals.

   Negotiations concerning valuation, as well as the structure and terms of a
possible transaction, continued through meetings and telephone calls between
July 20 and August 11 among representatives of the two companies, including
their legal and financial advisors.

   On July 23 and 24, 2001, representatives of Parent and the Company,
including their financial advisors, met in Denver, Colorado to continue
discussions regarding financial performance and various operational matters, as
well as the status of Parent's proposal to and the price at which Parent might
acquire the Company.

   Representatives of the two companies met thereafter with representatives of
Delta Air Lines ("Delta") to discuss possible changes to the terms of the
Company's strategic alliance with Delta, with discussions continuing in early
August regarding possible amendments to agreements between Delta and the
Company. Parent and the Company negotiated with Delta through August 11, 2001
regarding such changes. These discussions were prompted by provisions in the
May 2001 agreements with Delta (the "Original Delta Agreements") which provided
Delta with the right to scale back certain of the benefits owing to the Company
under these agreements in the event of a change in control. As a result of
these negotiations, on August 11, the

Company and Delta agreed to amend certain elements of the strategic alliance,
effective upon completion of the tender offer by Parent, which amendment
removed certain provisions which were favorable to the Company or established
new contingencies upon which such provisions would continue.

   On August 2, 2001, the Company announced its results for the second quarter
of 2001 which, as previously indicated in its June 25 public announcement, were
below analysts' expectations. The Company also revised downward its financial
guidance for its [revenues and earnings] for the remainder of 2001.

   On August 6, 2001, the Executive Committee of Parent's Board of Directors,
acting pursuant to powers set forth in Parent's By-Laws, unanimously approved
the transaction and authorized proceeding with the Offer, the Merger and the
transactions contemplated thereby and by the proposed merger agreement and
stockholder agreement, subject to final changes and modifications to such
agreements as might be negotiated and approved by management of Parent.

   On August 7 and 8, 2001, representatives of Parent and the Company,
including their financial advisors, discussed Parent's most recent indication
of interest. Parent indicated that it continued to be interested in acquiring
the Company but at a price of less than $17 per share, for a number of reasons
relating to, among other things, the Company's financial performance and
uncertainties relating to supplier relationships. On August 9, 2001, Mr.
Hunscher spoke with Mr. Galateos indicating Parent's willingness to consummate
a transaction at $15.50 per share.

   On August 10, 2001, after further negotiations between Parent and the
Company, Parent and the Company agreed to continue negotiations on definitive
documents on the basis of a purchase price of $16.50 per share. On August 11
and 12, 2001 all principal terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement,
including the Offer, were finalized, including a purchase price of $16.50 per
share.

   On August 12, the Company's Board of Directors met and unanimously approved
the terms of the transaction.

   On August 13, the Merger Agreement was executed by Parent, Purchaser and the
Company. On August 13, each Stockholder and Parent, Purchaser and the Company
executed the Stockholder Agreement.

   On August 13, 2001, prior to the opening of trading on The Nasdaq Stock
Market, the execution of the Merger Agreement was announced in a joint press
release by the Company and Parent.

   During the Offer, Parent and Purchaser intend to have ongoing contacts with
the Company and its directors, officers and stockholders.

   12. PURPOSE OF THE OFFER; PLANS FOR THE COMPANY.

   Purpose of the Offer. The purpose of the Offer is to enable Parent to
acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, the Company. The Offer
is being made pursuant to the Merger Agreement and is intended to increase the
likelihood that the Merger will be effected. The purpose of the Merger is to
acquire all outstanding Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer. The
transaction is structured as a merger in order to ensure the acquisition by
Parent of all the outstanding Shares.

   If the Merger is consummated, Parent's common equity interest in the Company
would increase to 100% and Parent would be entitled to all benefits resulting
from that interest. These benefits include complete management with regard to
the future conduct of the Company's business and any increase in its value.
Similarly, Parent will also bear the risk of any losses incurred in the
operation of the Company and any decrease in the value of the Company.

   Stockholders of the Company who sell their Shares in the Offer will cease to
have any equity interest in the Company and to participate in its earnings and
any future growth. If the Merger is consummated, the stockholders will no
longer have an equity interest in the Company and instead will have only the
right to

receive cash consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement. See Section 13--
"The Merger Agreement and the Stockholder Agreement." Similarly, the
stockholders of the Company will not bear the risk of any decrease in the value
of the Company after selling their Shares in the Offer or the subsequent
Merger.

   The primary benefits of the Offer and the Merger to the stockholders of the
Company are that such stockholders are being afforded an opportunity to sell
all of their Shares for cash at a price which represents a premium of
approximately 38% over the closing market price of the Shares on the last full
trading day prior to the public announcement that the Company, Parent and the
Purchaser executed the Merger Agreement.

   Plans for the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
promptly upon the purchase of and payment for any Shares by the Purchaser
pursuant to the Offer, Parent currently intends to seek the maximum
representation on the Company's board of directors, subject to the requirement
in the Merger Agreement that if Shares are purchased pursuant to the Offer,
there will be until the Effective Time at least two members of the Company's
board of directors, who qualify as independent directors and who are not
current or former executive officers of the Company.

   In connection with consummation of the Merger and the acquisition of the
entire equity interest in the Company, Parent expects to enter into an
agreement with Travel Portal, Inc. ("TPI"), an affiliate of Parent, pursuant to
which, among other things, following the Merger, the Company's Internet
operations will be integrated into TPI, and Parent will provide TPI with call
center and fulfillment services. Under these arrangements, Parent expects to
retain certain intellectual property and the Company's off-line booking
business that includes all call center operations. Parent also expects that
under these arrangements, TPI will recognize all revenues for travel booked via
the Internet, while Parent will recognize revenues from off-line booking
business, fees from the provision to TPI of call center services, license fees
for certain intellectual property and, following the completion of Parent's
currently pending acquisition of Galileo International, Inc., ("Galileo"), GDS
segment fees. In addition to the Company's existing relationship with Sabre
Group, Inc., Parent is considering having the Company enter into an agreement
with Galileo for the provision to the Company of GDS services.

   In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company and
Delta Air Lines, Inc. ("Delta") entered into certain agreements that will amend
or replace the Company's existing agreements with Delta, to be effective only
in the event the Purchaser accepts Shares for payment and pays for Shares
pursuant to the Offer (the "New Delta Agreements"). Under the Original Delta
Agreements, Delta has the right to terminate its agreements with the Company
and nonetheless receive 75% of the warrant's value (in terms of the difference
between the strike price of the warrants and the Offer Price), but forfeit 25%
of such value. The New Delta Agreements, on the other hand, provide for a
continuing relationship between the Company and Delta, albeit for a lesser
period than provided under the original agreements, and for Delta to receive
100% of the warrant's value--75% upon consummation of the Merger and the
remaining 25% no later than 12 months later.

   In addition, Parent intends to continue to evaluate the business and the
operations of the Company during the pendency of the Offer. After consummation
of the Offer, Parent intends to conduct a detailed review of the Company and
its assets, corporate structure, dividend policy, capitalization, operations,
properties, policies, management and personnel and will consider, subject to
the terms of the Merger Agreement, what, if any, changes would be desirable in
light of the circumstances which exist upon completion of the Offer. Such
changes could include changes in the Company's business, corporate structure,
certificate of incorporation, by-laws, capitalization, board of directors,
management or dividend policy, although, except as disclosed above, Parent has
no current plans with respect to any of such matters.

   The Merger Agreement provides that the directors of the Purchaser and the
officers of the Company at the Effective Time of the Merger will, from and
after the Effective Time, be the initial directors and officers, respectively,
of the Surviving Corporation.

   Except as disclosed in this Offer to Purchase, neither Parent nor the
Purchaser has any present plans or proposals that would result in an
extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization,

liquidation, sale or transfer of material amounts of assets, relocation of
operations, involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any material
changes in the Company's corporate structure, business or composition of its
management or personnel.

   13. THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT.

   Merger Agreement.

   The following summary of certain provisions of the Merger Agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is
incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Merger Agreement has been filed
by Parent and the Purchaser, pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, as
exhibit (d)(1) to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (together with any
amendments, supplements, schedules, annexes and exhibits thereto, the "Schedule
TO"). The Merger Agreement may be examined and copies may be obtained at the
places and in the manner set forth in Section 8--"Certain Information
Concerning the Company." Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise
defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

   The Offer. The Merger Agreement provides for the making of the Offer. The
obligation of the Purchaser to accept for payment and pay for Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer is subject to the satisfaction of the Minimum Condition
and certain other conditions described in Section 14--"Certain Conditions of
the Offer."

   The Merger. The Merger Agreement provides that, following the consummation
of the Offer, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, at the Effective
Time of the Merger (i) the Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company
and, as a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of the
Purchaser will cease, (ii) the Company will be the successor or surviving
corporation (sometimes referred to as the "Surviving Corporation") in the
Merger and will continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware,
and (iii) the separate corporate existence of the Company with all its rights,
privileges, immunities, powers and franchises will continue unaffected by the
Merger.

   The respective obligations of Parent and the Purchaser, on the one hand, and
the Company, on the other hand, to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) of each of the following conditions: (i) the Merger Agreement will
have been approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the holders of the
Shares, to the extent required by the Company's certificate of incorporation
and the DGCL, in order to consummate the Merger; (ii) no law will have been
enacted or promulgated by any United States or other governmental entity which
prohibits the consummation of the Merger, and there will be no order or
injunction of a court of competent jurisdiction in effect preventing the
consummation of the Merger, (iii) the Purchaser will have purchased, or caused
to be purchased, the Shares pursuant to the Offer, unless such failure to
purchase is a result of a breach of the Purchaser's obligation to accept for
payment or pay for Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer in violation
of the terms of the Offer or the Merger Agreement, and (iv) the applicable
waiting period under the HSR Act and any comparable provisions under any
applicable pre-merger notification on laws or regulations of foreign
jurisdictions will have expired or been terminated.

   At the Effective Time of the Merger (i) each issued and outstanding share of
Purchaser Common Stock will be converted into and become one fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, and (ii) each
Share that is owned by the Company as treasury stock and each Share owned by
Parent, the Purchaser or any other wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent will be
cancelled and retired and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be
delivered in exchange therefor, and (iii) each issued and outstanding Share
will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, without interest,
paid pursuant to the Offer. From and after the Effective Time, all such Shares
will no longer be outstanding and will automatically be cancelled and retired
and will cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such
Shares will cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to
receive the Merger Consideration therefore upon the surrender of such
certificate without interest thereon.

   Company Option Plans. At the Effective Time, in accordance with
determinations by the Company Board of Director pursuant to the Company Stock
Option Plans (as defined below), each stock option, stock

equivalent right or similar right to acquire Shares (each, a "Company Stock
Option") issued pursuant to the Company's 1997 Stock Option Plan or the
Company's Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (including the
Company's 1999 Non-Employee Director Option Program, as amended, thereunder)
(collectively, the "Company Stock Option Plans"), whether or not then
exercisable or vested, which is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior
thereto will become immediately fully vested and exercisable. The Merger
Agreement provides that at the Effective Time, each Company Stock Option will
be converted automatically into options to purchase shares of Parent common
stock ("Parent Shares"), and Parent will assume each such Company Stock Option
(hereinafter, an "Assumed Option") subject to the terms of the applicable
Company Stock Option Plan and the agreement evidencing the grant thereunder of
such Company Stock Option; provided, however, that from and after the Effective
Time, (A) the number of Parent Shares purchasable upon exercise of an Assumed
Option will be equal to the number of Shares that were purchasable under such
Assumed Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the
Exchange Ratio (as defined below), and rounded down to the nearest whole share,
and (B) the per share exercise price under such Assumed Option will be adjusted
by dividing the per share exercise price under such Assumed Option by the
Exchange Ratio, and rounding up to the nearest cent, subject, in each case, if
applicable, to compliance with provisions relating to "incentive stock options"
under the Internal Revenue Code, of 1986, as amended. The "Exchange Ratio" is
the number obtained by dividing the $16.50 (or any higher price paid in the
Offer) by the closing price of a Parent Share on the trading day immediately
preceding the Effective Time.

   The Company's Board of Directors. The Merger Agreement provides that
promptly upon the purchase of and payment for any Shares by Parent or the
Purchaser which represents at least a majority of the outstanding Shares (on a
fully-diluted basis), Parent will be entitled to elect or designate such number
of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Company's board of
directors as is equal to the product of the total number of directors on the
Company's board of directors multiplied by the percentage that the aggregate
number of Shares beneficially owned by the Purchaser, Parent and any of their
affiliates bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding. The Company
will, upon Parent's request, use its reasonable efforts either to promptly
increase the size of the Company's board of directors, including by amending
the bylaws of the Company if necessary so as to increase the size of the
Company's board of directors, or promptly secure the resignations of such
number of its incumbent directors, or both, as is necessary to enable Parent's
designees to be so designated to the Company's board of directors, and will use
its reasonable efforts to cause Parent's designees to be so designated at such
time. At such time, the Company will, upon Parent's request, also cause persons
elected or designated by Parent to constitute the same percentage (rounded up
to the next whole number) as is on the Company's board of directors of (i) each
committee of the Company's board of directors, (ii) each board of directors (or
similar body) of each Company Subsidiary (as defined in Section 3.2 of the
Merger Agreement), and (iii) each committee (or similar body) of each such
board, in each case only to the extent permitted by applicable law or the rules
of any stock exchange on which the Company Common Stock is listed. The
Company's obligations with respect to this section of the Merger Agreement are
subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act.

   In the event that Parent's designees are elected or designated to the
Company's board of directors, then, until the Effective Time, the Company will
cause the Company's board of directors to have at least two directors who are
non-executive directors (the "Independent Directors"); provided, however, that
if any Independent Director is unable to serve due to death or disability, the
remaining Independent Director(s) will be entitled to elect or designate
another person (or persons), who is not a current or former executive of the
Company ("Non-Executive"), and such non-executive person (or persons) will be
deemed to be an Independent Director for purposes of the Merger Agreement. If
no Independent Director then remains, the other directors will designate two
persons who are Non-Executives on the date hereof (or, in the event there will
be less than two directors who are Non-Executive Directors on the date hereof
available to fill such vacancies as a result of such persons' deaths,
disabilities or refusals to serve, such number of other Non-Executives who are
willing to fill such vacancies) and such Non-Executives will be deemed
Independent Directors for purposes of the Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything in the Merger Agreement to the contrary, if Parent's designees
constitute a majority of the Company's board of directors after the acceptance
for payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer and prior to the Effective Time,
then the affirmative vote of a majority of the Independent

Directors (or if only one exists, then the vote of such Independent Director)
will be required to (i) amend or terminate the Merger Agreement by the Company,
(ii) exercise or waive any of the Company's rights, benefits or remedies
hereunder, if such action would materially and adversely affect holders of
Shares other than Parent or Purchaser, (iii) amend the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of the Company if such action would materially and
adversely affect holders of Shares other than Parent or Purchaser, or (iv) take
any other action of the Company's board of directors under or in connection
with the Merger Agreement if such action would materially and adversely affect
holders of Shares other than Parent or Purchaser; provided, however, that if
there will be no Independent Directors as a result of such persons' deaths,
disabilities or refusal to serve, then such actions may be effected by majority
vote of the entire Company's board of directors.

   Stockholders' Meeting. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company will,
if required by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger (i) duly call,
give notice of, convene and hold a special meeting of its stockholders as soon
as reasonably practicable following the acceptance for payment and purchase of
Shares by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer for the purpose of considering
and taking action upon the Merger Agreement, (ii) prepare and file with the SEC
a preliminary proxy or information statement relating to the Merger and the
Merger Agreement and use its reasonable efforts to obtain and furnish the
information required to be included by the SEC in the Proxy Statement (as
hereinafter defined) and, after consultation with Parent, respond promptly to
any comments made by the SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy or
information statement and cause a definitive proxy or information statement
(the "Proxy Statement") to be mailed to its stockholders, (iii) unless the
Company's board of directors determines in good faith, following the advice
from outside counsel, that to do so is reasonably likely to cause it to violate
its fiduciary duties to the Company stockholders under applicable law, include
in the Proxy Statement the recommendation of the Company's board of directors
that stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the approval of the Merger
and the adoption of the Merger Agreement, and (iv) unless the Company's board
of directors determines in good faith, following the advice from outside
counsel, that to do so is reasonably likely to cause it to violate its
fiduciary duties to the Company stockholders under applicable law, use its
reasonable efforts to solicit from holders of Shares proxies in favor of the
Merger and take all other action reasonably necessary or advisable to secure
the approval of stockholders required by the DGCL and any other applicable law
to effect the Merger.

   The Merger Agreement provides that Parent will vote, or cause to be voted,
all of the Shares then owned by it, the Purchaser or any of its other
subsidiaries and affiliates in favor of the approval of the Merger and the
Merger Agreement.

   Interim Operations; Covenants. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company
has agreed that, except as expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement, in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, as set forth in
the Company Disclosure Schedule or as consented to in writing by Parent, which
consent will not be unreasonably withheld:

   (a) the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries will be
conducted only in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, and each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries will use its
reasonable efforts to preserve its present business organization intact and
maintain satisfactory relations with customers, suppliers, employees,
contractors, distributors and others having business dealings with it;

   (b) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries will not, directly or
indirectly, (i) except upon exercise of the Company Stock Options or other
rights to purchase Shares pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans
outstanding on the date hereof or granted in compliance with the Merger
Agreement, issue, sell, transfer or pledge or agree to sell, transfer or pledge
any treasury stock of the Company or, except to the Company, any capital stock
of any Company Subsidiary beneficially owned by it, (ii) amend its Certificate
of Incorporation or Bylaws or similar organizational documents; or (iii) split,
combine or reclassify the outstanding Shares or any outstanding capital stock
of the Company;

   (c) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will: (i) declare, set
aside or pay any dividend or other distribution payable in cash, stock or
property with respect to its capital stock (except for dividends or

distributions from any Company Subsidiary to the Company); (ii) issue, sell,
pledge, dispose of or encumber any additional shares of, or securities
convertible into or exchangeable for, or options, warrants, calls, commitments
or rights of any kind to acquire, any shares of capital stock of any class of
the Company or any Company Subsidiaries, other than Shares reserved for
issuance on the date hereof pursuant to the exercise of the Company Stock
Options outstanding on the date hereof; (iii) transfer, lease, license, sell,
mortgage, pledge, dispose of, or encumber any of its assets (real, personal or
mixed, tangible or intangible) (other than (x) personal property having an
aggregate book value not in excess of $300,000 and sold in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice, (y) product sold to customers in the
ordinary course of business and (z) short-term investments which (A) are re-
invested in accordance with the Company Disclosure Schedule or (B) the proceeds
of which are used for working capital purposes or capital expenditures
permitted in accordance with the Merger Agreement, or dispose of or permit to
lapse any rights to the use of any Intellectual Property material to the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, or disposed of or
disclosed (except as necessary in the conduct of its business) to any person
other than representatives of Parent, any Trade Secret or other Intellectual
Property material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis and not theretofore a matter of public knowledge; (iv) incur or modify
any material indebtedness or other liability, other than in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice; or (v) redeem (other than shares
underlying Company Stock Options in connection with a cashless exercise of any
Company Stock Option permitted by this Agreement), purchase or otherwise
acquire any shares of any class or series of its capital stock, or any
instrument or security which consists of or includes a right to acquire such
shares except in connection with the exercise of repurchase rights or rights of
first refusal in favor of the Company with respect to shares of Common Stock
issued upon exercise of Company Stock Options granted under the Company Stock
Option Plans;

   (d) except as required pursuant to Benefit Plans in effect as of the date of
the Merger Agreement and set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will (i) make any change in the
compensation or benefits payable or to become payable (including any increase
pursuant to any Benefit Plan) to any of its officers, directors, employees,
agents or consultants (other than increases in wages to employees who are not
directors, officers or affiliates, in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice) or to persons providing management services,
(ii) subject to clause (iv) below, enter into any Benefit Plan or make any
loans to, or subject to certain exceptions transfer properties (real, personal
or mixed, tangible or intangible), any of its officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, agents or consultants or (iii) make any change in its existing
borrowing or lending arrangements for or on behalf of any of such persons
pursuant to an employee benefit plan or otherwise or (iv) hire or engage any
(x) employees or consultants other than employees with a title of director or
below or non-exempt employees hired in each case on an at-will basis or (y)
consultants engaged pursuant to contracts terminable within thirty days without
the payment of penalties;

   (e) except as required pursuant to Benefit Plans in effect as of the date of
the Merger Agreement and which are set forth in the Company Disclosure
Schedule, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will (i) pay or make
any accrual or arrangement for payment of any pension, retirement allowance or
other employee benefit pursuant to any existing Benefit Plan to any officer,
director, employee or affiliate or pay or agree to pay or make any accrual or
arrangement for payment to any officer, director, employee or affiliate of the
Company of any amount relating to unused vacation days, except payments and
accruals made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
(ii) adopt or pay, grant, issue, accelerate or accrue salary or other payments
or benefits pursuant to any Benefit Plan with or for the benefit of any Company
director, officer, employee, agent or consultant, whether past or present; or
(iii) amend in any material respect any such existing Benefit Plan (other than
consulting agreements terminable within thirty days without the payment of
penalties) in a manner inconsistent with subsection (d) above or this
subsection (e);

   (f) the Company will not enter into (i) any of Company Agreement that would
be a certain type of Material Company Agreement enumerated in the Merger
Agreement were in effect as of the date of the Merger Agreement, (ii) any
Company Agreement with a term of greater than one month with any of the
25 biggest airlines (in terms of the Company's published fare gross bookings
for the first 6 months of 2001) that would be

a Material Company Agreement, were in effect as of the date of the Merger
Agreement, (iii) any material License Agreement or (iv) any real estate lease
(the "New Material Agreements"); and the Company will not, (A) in any material
respect, modify, amend or terminate any Material Company Agreement or New
Material Agreement or (B) in any respect modify, amend or terminate any New
Material Agreement described in clause (ii) immediately above and any Material
Company Agreement that would be such a New Material Agreement were it entered
into after the date of the Merger Agreement which would either extend the term
thereof or reduce the benefit to the Company of the commissions available
thereunder; and neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will waive,
release or assign any material rights on claims under any Material Company
Agreement or New Material Agreement;

   (g) except pursuant to agreements in effect as of the date of the Merger
Agreement and set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company
nor any Company Subsidiary will permit any insurance policy insuring material
assets or material risks naming it as a beneficiary or a loss payee to be
cancelled or terminated without notice to Parent;

   (h) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will (i) incur or assume
any short-term indebtedness or long-term indebtedness; (ii) assume, guarantee,
endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly,
contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other Person; (iii) make
any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other
Person; (iv) enter into any material commitment or transaction (including, but
not limited to, any borrowing, capital expenditure or purchase, sale or lease
of assets or real estate) except (x) to the extent set forth (and then only in
time frame set forth) in the overall operating plan and capital and operating
budgets for the Company authorized and approved by the Company's board of
directors, in each case as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule or (y)
investments in short-term investments which are re-invested in accordance with
the Company Disclosure Schedule; or (v) dispose of or permit any Encumbrance
upon (x) the current assets of the Company, including, without limitation, cash
and cash equivalents as reflected on the most recent balance sheet of the
Company or, (y) except for Permitted Liens, any other assets of the Company;

   (i) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will (i) change any of
the accounting methods used by it materially affecting its assets, liabilities
or business, except for such changes required by GAAP or (ii) make or change
any election, change an annual accounting period, adopt or change any Tax
accounting method, file any amended Tax Returns, enter into any closing
agreement, settle or consent to any Tax Claim, surrender any right to claim a
refund of Taxes, or consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period
applicable to any Tax Claim;

   (j) except pursuant to agreements in effect as of the date of the Merger
Agreement and set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company
nor any Company Subsidiary will pay, discharge or satisfy any claims,
liabilities or obligations (whether absolute, accrued, contingent or
otherwise), other than the payment, discharge or satisfaction of any such
claims, liabilities or obligations, in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice (including payments under Company Agreements in
accordance with the terms of such agreements as in effect on the date hereof),
or of claims, liabilities or obligations reflected or reserved against in, or
contemplated by, the consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto)
of the Company;

   (k) cancel any debts owing to the Company or any Company Subsidiary that are
material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or
waive any claims or rights of material value to the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;

   (l) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will adopt a plan of
complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation,
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary (other than the Merger);

   (m) write down the value of any inventory (including write-downs by reason
of shrinkage or mark-down) or write off as uncollectible any notes or accounts
receivable, except for write-downs and write-offs in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice or that are not material to the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;

   (n) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will take, or agree in
writing or otherwise to take, any action that would or is reasonably likely to
result in any of the conditions to the Merger or any of the conditions to the
Offer set forth in the Merger Agreement, not being satisfied, or would make any
representation or warranty of the Company contained herein inaccurate in any
material respect at, or as of any time prior to, the Effective Time, or that
would materially impair the ability of the Company to consummate the Merger in
accordance with the Merger Agreement or materially delay such consummation; and

   (o) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary will enter into any
written agreement, contract, commitment or arrangement to do any of the
foregoing, or authorize, recommend, propose, in writing or announce an
intention to do any of the foregoing.

   No Solicitation. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has ceased
and caused to be terminated all existing discussions, negotiations and
communications with any individual, entity or other person with respect to any
tender or exchange offer involving the Company, any proposal for a merger,
consolidation or other business combination involving the Company, any proposal
or offer to acquire in any manner a substantial equity interest in, or a
substantial portion of the business or assets of, the Company (other than
immaterial or insubstantial assets or inventory in the ordinary course of
business or assets held for sale), any proposal or offer with respect to any
recapitalization or restructuring with respect to the Company or any proposal
or offer with respect to any other transaction similar to any of the foregoing
with respect to the Company other than pursuant to the transactions to be
effected pursuant to the Merger Agreement ("Acquisition Proposal"). Except as
provided below, from the date of the Merger Agreement until the earlier of
termination of the Merger Agreement or the Effective Time, the Company will not
and will not authorize or permit its officers, directors, director-level and
above employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants or other agents to
(collectively, "Representatives") (and use its best efforts to cause its other
employees not to) directly or indirectly (i) initiate, solicit or knowingly
encourage, or knowingly take any action to facilitate the making of, any offer
or proposal which constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to any
Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into any agreement with respect to any
Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) in the event of an unsolicited Acquisition
Proposal for the Company, engage in negotiations or discussions with, or
provide any information or data concerning the Company's business, properties
or assets to, any person (other than Parent or any of its affiliates or
representatives) relating to any Acquisition Proposal. Any violation of the
foregoing restrictions by any of the Company's Representatives, whether or not
such Representative is so authorized and whether or not such Representative is
purporting to act on behalf of the Company or otherwise, will be deemed a
breach of the Merger Agreement by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
nothing contained in the Merger Agreement will prohibit the Company or its
board of directors from (x) complying with Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2 promulgated
under the Exchange Act, including taking and disclosing to the Company's
stockholders its position with respect to tender or exchange offer by a third
party pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act, (y)
making such disclosure to the Company's stockholders as in the good-faith
judgment of the Company Board of Directors, only after receipt of advice from
outside legal counsel to the Company that such disclosure is required under
applicable law (z) referring a third party to the "No Solicitation" clause of
the Merger Agreement or making a copy of said clause available to any third
party.

   Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the acceptance of Shares pursuant to
the Offer, the Company may furnish information and data concerning its
business, properties and assets to any person pursuant to a confidentiality
agreement with terms no less favorable to the Company than those contained in
the Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2001 entered into between
Parent and the Company (as amended, the "Confidentiality Agreement"), and may
negotiate and participate in discussions and negotiations with such person
concerning an Acquisition Proposal if, and only if, (x) such Acquisition
Proposal is for (i) a merger or other business combination involving the
Company, (ii) a proposal or offer to acquire in any manner,

directly or indirectly, an equity interest in or any voting securities of the
Company representing 25% or more of the Shares or of the total voting
securities of the Company outstanding or (iii) an offer to acquire in any
manner, directly or indirectly, a substantial portion of the assets of the
Company other than the Merger; (y) such entity or group has on an unsolicited
basis, and in the absence of any violation of the Merger Agreement by the
Company, submitted a bona fide written proposal to the Company relating to any
such Takeover Proposal which the Company's board of directors determines in
good faith, after consulting with outside legal counsel and a nationally
recognized investment banking firm, involves consideration to the holders of
the Shares that is superior to the consideration offered pursuant to the Offer,
considering, among other things, the nature of the currency being offered, or
otherwise is reasonably likely to represent a superior transaction to the Offer
and the Merger and which is not conditioned upon obtaining additional financing
other than that which is committed (or which in the good faith judgment of the
Company's board of directors, after consultation with a nationally recognized
investment banking firm, is reasonably capable of being obtained by such
person); and (z) in the good-faith opinion of the Company's board of directors,
only after consultation with outside legal counsel to the Company, providing
such information or access or engaging in such discussions or negotiations is
in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders and the failure to
provide such information or access or to engage in such discussions or
negotiations would be reasonably likely to cause the Company's board of
directors to violate its fiduciary duties to the Company's stockholders under
applicable law (an Acquisition Proposal which satisfies clauses (x), (y) and
(z) being referred to as a "Superior Proposal"). The Company will within
twenty-four (24) hours following receipt (to the Company's knowledge) of a
Takeover Proposal notify Parent of receipt of same, and provide Parent with a
copy of such Takeover Proposal and identity of the Person making such Takeover
Proposal. The Company will promptly, and in any event within twenty-four (24)
hours following determination by the Company's board of directors that a
Takeover Proposal is a Superior Proposal and prior to providing any such party
with any material non-public information, notify Parent of such determination.
The Company will promptly provide to Parent any material non-public information
regarding the Company provided to any other party which was not previously
provided to Parent, such additional information to be provided no later than
the date of provision of such information to such other party.

   The Merger Agreement provides that except as set forth in the Merger
Agreement, neither the Company's board of directors nor any committee thereof
will (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner
adverse to the transactions (as defined in the Merger Agreement), to Parent or
to the Purchaser, the approval or recommendation by the Company's board of
directors or any such committee of the Offer, the Merger Agreement or the
Merger, (ii) approve or recommend or propose to approve or recommend, any
Acquisition Proposal or (iii) enter into any agreement (other than as provided
by the Merger Agreement) with respect to any Acquisition Proposal.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the time of acceptance for payment of
Shares in the Offer, the Company's board of directors may (subject to the terms
of this and the following sentence) (A) withdraw or modify its approval or
recommendation of the Offer, this Agreement or the Merger, if after
consultation with its independent legal counsel, it determines in good faith
that failure to take such action would be reasonably likely to cause it to
violate its fiduciary duties to Company stockholders under applicable law, or
(B) approve or recommend a Superior Proposal, or enter into an agreement with
respect to a Superior Proposal, in the case of each of clauses (A) and (B), if
at any time after seventy-two (72) hours (or, if longer, two business days)
have elapsed following the Company's delivery to Parent of written notice
advising Parent that the Company's board of directors has received a Superior
Proposal specifying the material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal
and identifying the Person making such Superior Proposal; provided, however,
that the Company will not enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior
Proposal unless the Company will also have terminated this Agreement in
compliance with the Merger Agreement. Any such withdrawal, modification or
change of the recommendation or the Company's board of directors, the approval
or recommendation or proposed approval or recommendation of any Superior
Proposal or the entry by the Company into any agreement with respect to any
Superior Proposal will not change the approval of the Company's board of
directors for purposes of causing any state takeover statute or other state law
to be inapplicable to the transactions provided for or contemplated by the
Merger Agreement or the Stockholder Agreement (the "Transactions"), including
each of the Offer, the Merger and the Stockholder Agreement.

   The Merger Agreement provides that the Company may terminate the Merger
Agreement and enter into a letter of intent, agreement-in-principle,
acquisition agreement or other similar agreement (each, an "Acquisition
Agreement") with respect to a Superior Proposal, provided that, prior to any
such termination, (i) the Company has provided Parent written notice that it
intends to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
identifying the Superior Proposal then determined to be more favorable and the
parties thereto and delivering a copy of the Acquisition Agreement for such
Superior Proposal in the form to be entered into, (ii) during the period
following the delivery of the second notice referred to in clause (i) above and
ending upon the delivery of the notice referred to in clause (iii) below,
Parent will have the right to propose adjustments in the terms and conditions
of the Merger Agreement and the Company will have caused its financial and
legal advisors to negotiate with Parent in good faith such proposed adjustments
in the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, and (iii) (A) at least
seventy-two (72) hours (or, if longer, two business days) after the Company has
provided the notice referred to in clause (i) above, the Company delivers to
Parent a written notice of termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance
with its terms, and (B) prior to the effective termination of the Merger
Agreement, the Company delivers to Parent (x) a cashier's check in the amount
of the Termination Fee (as defined the Merger Agreement and as summarized
below) and (y) a written acknowledgment from each other party to such Superior
Proposal that waives any right it may have to contest the validity or
enforceability of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

   Indemnification and Insurance. The Merger Agreement provides that for a
period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation (or
any successor to the Surviving Corporation) will indemnify, defend and hold
harmless the present and former officers and directors of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, and persons who become any of the foregoing prior to the
Effective Time, against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, fees
and expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel and
judgments, fines, losses, claims, liabilities and amounts paid in settlement
(provided that any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the
Parent or the Surviving Corporation, which consent will not unreasonably be
withheld)) arising out of actions or omissions occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time to the full extent permissible under applicable provisions of
the DGCL, the terms of the Company's certificate of incorporation or the
bylaws, and under any agreements as in effect at the date hereof (true and
correct copies of which have been previously provided to Parent); provided,
however, that in the event any claim or claims are asserted or made within such
six (6) year period, all rights to indemnification in respect of any such claim
or claims will continue until disposition of any and all such claims.

   Parent will, from and after the date on which its designees are appointed to
a majority of the Company's directorships cause the Surviving Corporation to,
and the Surviving Corporation will, perform all of the indemnification
obligations set forth the Company's certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
all as in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement. In addition, Parent will
cause the Surviving Corporation to, and the Surviving Corporation will, pay all
amounts that become due and payable under the indemnification provisions of the
Company's certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Parent has guaranteed these
indemnification obligations of the Surviving Corporation.

   Representations and Warranties. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the
Company has made customary representations and warranties to Parent and the
Purchaser with respect to, among other things, its organization, subsidiaries
and affiliates, capitalization, authority relative to the transactions,
validity of the agreement, approvals by its board of directors, the vote of its
stockholders required to approve the transactions, consents and approvals
necessary for the Company to consummate the Transactions, the Company's
financial statements and public filings, conduct of the Company's business, its
liabilities, litigation involving the Company, employee benefit plans, taxes,
its contracts, real and personal property, potential conflicts of interest
among the Company, the Company subsidiaries, and any of their affiliates,
intellectual property, labor matters, compliance with applicable laws,
environmental matters, information that the Company may provide in the Proxy
Statement, if any, information that the Company has provided in the Schedule
14D-9 filed by the Company in accordance with the Exchange Act, the opinion of
the Company's financial advisor, insurance, brokers that may be entitled to any
fees from the Company, personnel, and continuance of the Company's business
relationships.

   Certain representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement made by the
Company are qualified as to "materiality," "Company Material Adverse Effect" or
"Company Material Adverse Change." For purposes of the Merger Agreement and
this Offer to Purchase, the term "Company Material Adverse Effect" or "Company
Material Adverse Change" means any change, event or effect, as the case may be,
that is materially adverse to the business, operations, properties (including
intangible properties), condition (financial or otherwise), results of
operations, or assets or liabilities, with all such matters being considered in
the aggregate, of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
except any such change, event or effect resulting primarily from: (i) any
change in the market price or trading volume of the Company's securities; (ii)
conditions (including changes in economic, financial market, regulatory or
political conditions) affecting generally the online travel or leisure travel
industries in which the Company participates, (iii) actions taken, delayed or
omitted to be taken by the Company at the written request of any of certain
enumerated executive officers of Parent after the date of the Merger Agreement,
(iv) certain enumerated items in the Company Disclosure Schedule; or (v) any
disruption of certain employee, customer, supplier or other similar
relationships or other events or circumstances resulting primarily from or
which are primarily attributable to the execution or announcement of the Merger
Agreement and the identity of the Parent.

   Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each of Parent and the Purchaser has made
customary representations and warranties to the Company with respect to, among
other things, its organization, authority to enter into the Merger Agreement
and consummate the Transactions, consents and approvals necessary to consummate
the Transactions, information that each of Parent and the Purchaser may provide
in the Proxy Statement, if any, information that each of Parent and the
Purchaser has provided in the Offer Documents filed by Parent and the Purchaser
in accordance with the Exchange Act, brokers that may be entitled to any fees
from Parent or the Purchaser, and Purchaser's financial ability to consummate
the Offer.

   Termination; Fees. The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the
Transactions contemplated therein abandoned at any time prior to the Effective
Time of the Merger, whether before or after stockholder approval:

   (a) by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company; or

   (b) by Parent if the Minimum Condition defined in the Merger Agreement is
not satisfied by the Expiration Date; provided, however, that Parent will not
be entitled to terminate the Merger Agreement for such reason if it or the
Purchaser is in material breach of its representations and warranties,
covenants or other obligations under the Merger Agreement and such breach has
been the cause of, or resulted in, such failure to satisfy the Minimum
Condition; or

   (c) by either Parent or the Company (i) if a court of competent jurisdiction
or other Governmental Entity will have issued an order, decree or ruling or
taken any other action, in each case permanently restraining, enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting any of the Transactions or the Stockholder Agreement,
(ii) prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer, if there has been a
breach by the other party of any representation or warranty set forth in the
Merger Agreement, which breach will result in any condition set forth in
Section 14 "Certain Conditions of the Offer" not being satisfied (and such
breach is not reasonably capable of being cured and such condition is not
reasonably capable of being satisfied within ten days after the receipt of
written notice thereof), (iii) prior to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the
Offer, if there has been a breach by the other party of any covenant or
agreement set forth in the Merger Agreement, which breach will result in any
condition set forth in Section 14 "Certain Conditions of the Offer" not being
satisfied (and such breach is not reasonably capable of being cured and such
condition is not reasonably capable of being satisfied within ten days after
the receipt of written notice thereof), or (iv) if the Offer has not been
consummated by November 30, 2001 (the "Initial Drop Dead Date"); provided,
however, that if the failure of the Offer to have been consummated (x) by the
Initial Drop Dead Date is the result of the failure of the HSR Condition (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), then either Parent or the Company may elect
on or one day prior to such date to extend the drop dead date to January 21,
2002 (the "Second Drop Dead Date"); provided, further, however, that the right
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (iv) will not be available
to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement has
been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Offer to be consummated
by the Initial Drop Dead Date or the Second Drop Dead Date, as the case may be;
or

   (d) by Parent, at any time prior to the purchase of the Shares pursuant to
the Offer, if (i) the Company's board of directors will have withdrawn,
modified, or changed its recommendation in respect of this Agreement or the
Offer in a manner adverse to the Transactions, to the Parent or to the
Purchaser, (ii) the Company's board of directors will have approved or
recommended any proposal other than by Parent or the Purchaser in respect of
an Acquisition Proposal or entered into an agreement with respect to any
Acquisition Proposal (other than a confidentiality agreement entered into in
accordance with the Merger Agreement), (iii) the Company will have exercised a
right with respect to a Superior Proposal referenced in the Merger Agreement
and will, directly or through its Representatives, continue discussions with
any third party concerning a Superior Proposal for more than 10 business days
after the determination by the Company's board of directors that a Takeover
Proposal is a Superior Proposal, (iv) an Acquisition Proposal that is publicly
disclosed will have been commenced, publicly proposed or communicated in a
public manner to the Company which contains a proposal as to price (without
regard to whether such proposal specifies a specific price or a range of
potential prices) and the Company will not have rejected in a manner that
becomes publicly disclosed such proposal within ten business days after its
existence first becomes publicly disclosed, (v) the Company will have
materially violated or breached any of its obligations under the Merger
Agreement, or (vi) the Company's board of directors will have approved any
transaction other than the Transactions under Section 203 of the DGCL; or

   (e) by the Company in connection with entering into an agreement with
respect to a Superior Proposal; or

   (f) by the Company in the event that the Offer has expired without
Purchaser purchasing any Shares pursuant thereto.

   In the event of the termination of the Merger Agreement as provided above,
written notice thereof will forthwith be given to the other party or parties
specifying the provision of the Merger Agreement pursuant to which such
termination is made, and the Merger Agreement will become null and void and
there will be no liability on the part of Parent, the Purchaser or the
Company, except (i) as set forth in the Merger Agreement and (ii) nothing will
relieve any party from liability for any breach of the Merger Agreement.

   If (i) Parent will have terminated the Merger Agreement pursuant to clause
(d), above; (ii) the Company will have terminated the Merger Agreement
pursuant to clause (e), above; (iii) Parent will have terminated the Merger
Agreement pursuant to clause (c), above, following the date of the Merger
Agreement, but prior to such termination there will have been a Takeover
Proposal (other than a Takeover Proposal prior to the date of the Merger
Agreement or that is withdrawn prior to the termination of the Merger
Agreement); (iv) (x) Parent will have terminated the Merger Agreement pursuant
to clause (b), above, or clause (c)(ii), above, (y) following the date of the
Merger Agreement, but prior to such termination, there will have been a
Takeover Proposal (other than a Takeover Proposal prior to the date of the
Merger Agreement or that is withdrawn prior to the termination of the Merger
Agreement), and (z) concurrently with such termination, or within 12 months
thereafter, (A) the Company enters into a merger agreement, acquisition
agreement or similar agreement (including a letter of intent) with respect to
a Takeover Proposal, or a Takeover Proposal is consummated or (B) the Company
enters into a merger agreement, acquisition agreement or similar agreement
(including a letter of intent) with respect to a Superior Proposal, or a
Superior Proposal is consummated; or (v) (x) the Merger Agreement will have
been terminated pursuant to clause (b), above, or (c)(iv), above, (y) any
stockholder party to the Stockholder Agreement will have breached or failed to
perform any of obligations of such stockholder party under the Stockholder
Agreement and (z) within 12 months thereafter, (A) the Company enters into a
merger agreement, acquisition agreement or similar agreement (including a
letter of intent) with respect to a Takeover Proposal, or a Takeover Proposal
is consummated, or (B) the Company enters into a merger agreement, acquisition
agreement or similar agreement (including a letter of intent) with respect to
a Superior Proposal, or a Superior Proposal is consummated, then the Company
will pay $16,000,000 plus an amount not to exceed $500,000 of the out-of-
pocket expenses incurred by Parent and the Purchaser in connection with the
Offer, the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the
Transactions (the "Termination Fee") (x) in no event later than two business
days after the date of such termination if pursuant to clause (d) or clause
(c)(iii), above, and, (y) in the case of a termination (A) pursuant to clause
(b) or clause (c)(iii) or (B) in the case of clause (v) of this paragraph,
upon the earlier of the execution of such agreement or consummation of such
Takeover Proposal or Superior Proposal.

Stockholder Agreement.

   The following summary of certain provisions of the Stockholder Agreement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Stockholder Agreement, which is
incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which has been filed with the
SEC as an Exhibit to the Schedule TO. Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Stockholder
Agreement.

   As a condition and inducement to Parent and the Purchaser's entering into
the Merger Agreement and incurring the liabilities therein, the Stockholders,
who have voting power and dispositive power with respect to an aggregate of
10,960,637 Shares, representing approximately 47% of the Shares outstanding on
August 13, 2001, immediately following the execution and delivery of the Merger
Agreement, entered into the Stockholder Agreement. One of the Stockholders is a
founder of the Company and Executive Chairman of the Company's board of
directors.

   Each Stockholder has agreed that, prior to the termination of the
Stockholder Agreement pursuant to its terms, he, she or it will not (i)
transfer, assign, sell, gift-over, pledge or otherwise dispose of, or consent
to any of the foregoing ("Transfer"), any or all of the Shares or any right or
interest therein; (ii) enter into any contract, option or other agreement,
arrangement or understanding with respect to any Transfer; (iii) grant any
proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to any
of the Shares; (iv) deposit any of the Shares into a voting trust, or enter
into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the Shares;
or (v) take any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere
with the performance of the Stockholder's obligations under the Stockholders
Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.

   Each Stockholder has granted Parent a continuing proxy with respect to the
voting of such Shares (i) in favor of the Merger or any other transaction
pursuant to which Parent proposes to acquire the Company for which shareholders
of the Company would receive consideration per share equal to or greater than
the consideration to be received by such shareholders in the Offer and the
Merger and (ii) against any action or agreement which would impede, interfere
with or prevent the Merger.

   Subject to the terms and conditions of the Stockholder Agreement, each
Stockholder has granted to Parent a continuing option (the "Option"),
irrevocable until termination of the Stockholder Agreement, to purchase for
cash all, but not less than all, of the Common Stock beneficially owned or
controlled by such Stockholder as of the date of the Stockholder Agreement, or
beneficially owned or controlled by such Stockholder at any time after the date
of the Stockholder Agreement (including, without limitation, by way of exercise
of options, warrants or other rights to purchase Company Common Stock as
contemplated by the Stockholder Agreement or by way of dividend, distribution,
exchange, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reorganization, stock split,
grant of proxy or otherwise) by such Stockholder (as adjusted as set forth in
the Stockholder Agreement) (the "Option Shares") at a purchase price equal to
$16.50 per Share or any higher price that may be paid in the Offer or the
Merger. Parent may exercise the Option with respect to all Option Shares held
by any Stockholder by notice given to such Stockholder at any time prior to
termination of the Stockholder Agreement and following either failure of such
Stockholder to timely tender his, her or its shares into the Offer in
accordance with the Stockholder Agreement or the withdrawal of such shares once
tendered.

   Parent has agreed, in the event that it purchases shares from stockholders
pursuant to its exercise of the Options, to take all commercially reasonable
actions to offer to purchase and to purchase (by merger, tender offer or
otherwise) all of the outstanding equity securities of the Company at a price
per Share no less than that paid to the Stockholders pursuant to its exercise
of the Options, subject to certain limitations set forth in the Stockholder
Agreement, including that Parent will not be required to make any offer for a
period of longer than 20 business days or on terms and conditions that are less
favorable to Parent than the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger
Agreement and in the other transactions contemplated in connection with the
Offer and the Merger; and provided, that, except in the event that the Merger
Agreement has been terminated prior to the purchase by Parent of shares
pursuant to its exercise of the Options, compliance by Parent with all of its
material obligations under the Merger Agreement will be deemed to satisfy these
obligations.

   Each Stockholder agreed that neither such Stockholder nor any of its
representatives will (i) initiate, solicit or knowingly encourage, or knowingly
take any action to facilitate the making of, any offer or proposal which
constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to any Acquisition Proposal, (ii)
enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or (iii) in
the event of an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal for the Company, engage in
negotiations or discussions with, or provide any information or data to, any
Person (other than Parent or any of its affiliates or representatives) relating
to any Acquisition Proposal.

   Each Stockholder has also agreed with respect to their respective Shares
that in the event of a termination of the Stockholder Agreement, for a period
of twelve months following the date of the Stockholder Agreement, that he, she
or it will not agree to tender such Shares into any tender offer or vote in
favor of or grant any option in connection with a Takeover Proposal, in any
such case pursuant to an agreement that does not provide for termination of
such agreement in the event of the termination of any agreement between the
Company and any other party relating to a Takeover Proposal.

   The Stockholder Agreement, and all rights and obligations of the parties
thereunder, will terminate immediately upon the earlier of (a) the termination
of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms or (b) the Effective Time
unless any Stockholder is in breach of any material term of the Stockholder
Agreement; provided, however, that in the event that, prior to the termination
of the Stockholder Agreement, Parent has notified any Stockholder of its
exercise of the Options pursuant to the Stockholder Agreement, the Stockholder
Agreement will not terminate until ten business days following the date
specified in such notice for the closing of the purchase of the shares, as such
date may be extended pursuant to the Stockholder Agreement; provided further,
however, that, pursuant to the terms of the Stockholder Agreement, certain
sections of that Agreement survive any termination of the Stockholder
Agreement. The terms "Acquisition Proposal," "Takeover Proposal," and
"Effective Time" as used in the Stockholder Agreement have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

14. CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER.

   Conditions of the Offer. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Offer,
and in addition to (and not in limitation of) the Purchaser's rights to extend
and amend the Offer at any time in its sole discretion (subject to the
provisions of the Merger Agreement), the Purchaser will not be required to
accept for payment or, subject to any applicable rules and regulations of the
SEC, including Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to the
Purchaser's obligation to pay for or return tendered Shares promptly after
termination or withdrawal of the Offer), pay for, and may delay the acceptance
for payment of or, subject to the restriction referred to above, the payment
for, any validly tendered Shares unless the Minimum Condition (as defined in
the Merger Agreement) will have been satisfied. Furthermore, notwithstanding
any other provisions of the Offer, the Purchaser will not be required to accept
for payment or pay for any validly tendered Shares if, at the Expiration Date
(i) any applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act and any comparable
provisions under any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of
foreign jurisdictions have not expired or terminated prior to termination of
the Offer, or (ii) any of the following events will occur and be continuing
(other than as a result of any action or inaction of Parent and Purchaser that
constitutes a breach of the Merger Agreement):

   (a) there will be threatened in writing or pending any suit, action or
proceeding by any Governmental Entity against the Purchaser, Parent, the
Company or any Company Subsidiary (i) seeking to prohibit or impose any
material limitations on Parent's or the Purchaser's ownership or operation (or
that of any of their respective Subsidiaries or affiliates) of all or a
material portion of their or the Company's and the Company Subsidiaries'
businesses or assets, taken as a whole, or to compel Parent or the Purchaser or
their respective Subsidiaries and affiliates to dispose of or hold separate any
material portion of the business or assets of the Company or Parent and their
respective Subsidiaries, in each case taken as a whole, (ii) challenging the
acquisition by Parent or the Purchaser of any Shares under the Offer, seeking
to restrain or prohibit the making or consummation of the Transactions, or
seeking to obtain from the Company, Parent or the Purchaser, by reason of any
of the Transactions, any damages that would reasonably be likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (iii)
seeking to impose material limitations on the ability of the Purchaser, or

render the Purchaser unable, to accept for payment, pay for or purchase some or
all of the Shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger (but not including for
these purposes any limitations that relate solely to Parent's ability to access
the funds it requires to consummate the Offer), (iv) seeking to impose material
limitations on the ability of Purchaser or Parent effectively to exercise full
rights of ownership of the Shares, including, without limitation, the right to
vote the Shares purchased by it on all matters properly presented to the
Company's stockholders or (v) which otherwise is reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect;

   (b) there will be any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, order or
injunction enacted, entered, enforced, promulgated or deemed applicable,
pursuant to an authoritative interpretation by or on behalf of a Government
Entity, to the Offer or the Merger, or any other action will be taken by any
Governmental Entity, other than the application to the Offer or the Merger of
applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act or any comparable provisions of
any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of foreign
jurisdictions, that is reasonably likely to result, directly or indirectly, in
any of the consequences referred to in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph
(a) above;

   (c) there will have occurred and be continuing (i) any general suspension of
trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on the Nasdaq Stock Market
for a period in excess of three hours (excluding any organized halt triggered
solely as a result of a specified decrease in a market index or suspensions or
limitations resulting solely from physical damage, technological or software
breakdowns or malfunctions or interference with such exchanges not related to
market conditions), (ii) a declaration by a Governmental Entity of a banking
moratorium or any suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United
States, (iii) a commencement of a war, armed hostilities or other international
or national calamity directly or indirectly involving the United States, which
in any case is reasonably expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect or
to materially adversely affect Parent's or Purchaser's ability to consummate
the Transactions, or (iv) any extraordinary limitation (whether or not
mandatory) by any Governmental Entity on the extension of credit generally by
banks or other financial institutions or (v) a change in general financial,
bank or capital market conditions which materially and adversely affects the
ability of financial institutions in the United States to extend credit or
syndicate loans;

   (d) (i) any of the representations and warranties of Company contained in
the Merger Agreement (other than those referred to below), will not be true and
correct as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the Expiration Date,
except for representations and warranties that relate to a specific date or
time (which need only be true and correct as of such date or time), unless the
inaccuracies under such representations and warranties (without giving effect
to any materiality or material adverse effect qualifier or standard contained
in any such representation or warranty), taken together in their entirety,
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result
in a Company Material Adverse Effect; (ii) any of the representations and
warranties in the Merger Agreement pertaining to (A) the capitalization of the
Company will not be true and correct as of the date of the Merger Agreement and
as of the Expiration Date or (B) to the opinion of the Company's financial
advisor or to the Company's financial statements will not be true and correct
in all material respects as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the
Expiration Date; or (iii) inaccuracies in or breaches of any of the
representations and warranties pertaining to the corporate organization of the
Company, the authority of the Company to enter into the Merger Agreement and
the Transactions, or the requisite approvals of the stockholders or the
Company's board of directors concerning the Merger Agreement and the
Transactions will be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
ability of either the Company or Parent to consummate any of the Transactions;

   (e) since the date of the Merger Agreement, there will have occurred any
events or changes which have had, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Change;

   (f) the Company's board of directors or any committee thereof will have (i)
withdrawn, or modified or changed in a manner adverse to the Transactions, to
the Parent or to the Purchaser (including by amendment of the Schedule 14D-9),
its recommendation of the Offer, the Merger Agreement, or the Merger, (ii)
approved or

recommended any Acquisition Proposal or entered into any agreement (other than
a confidentiality agreement entered into in accordance with the Merger
Agreement) with respect to a Superior Proposal pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, (iii) resolved to do any of the foregoing or (iv) taken a neutral
position or made no recommendation, in each case in a manner that is publicly
disclosed, with respect to a publicly disclosed Acquisition Proposal (other
than by Parent or the Purchaser) after a reasonable amount of time (and in no
event more than 10 business days following public communication thereof) has
elapsed for the Company's board of directors or any committee thereof to review
and make a recommendation with respect thereto;

   (g) the Company will have breached or failed, in any material respect, to
perform or to comply with any material agreement or material covenant to be
performed or complied with by it under the Merger Agreement;

   (h) the Purchaser will have failed to receive a certificate executed by the
President or a Vice President of the Company, dated as of the scheduled
expiration of the Offer, to the effect that the conditions set forth in clauses
(d), (e) and (g), above, have not occurred;

   (i) all consents, permits and approvals of governmental authorities required
by the Merger Agreement will not have been obtained; or

   (j) the Merger Agreement will have been terminated in accordance with its
terms.

   The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Parent and the
Purchaser, may be asserted by Parent or the Purchaser regardless of the
circumstances giving rise to such condition, and may be waived by Parent or the
Purchaser in whole or in part at any time and from time to time and in the sole
discretion of Parent or the Purchaser, subject in each case to the terms of the
Merger Agreement. The failure by Parent or the Purchaser at any time to
exercise any of the foregoing rights will not be deemed a waiver of any such
right and, each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right which may be
asserted at any time and from time to time.

15. CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS.

   Except as described in this Section 15, based on information provided by the
Company, none of the Company, Purchaser or Parent is aware of any license or
regulatory permit that appears to be material to the business of the Company
that might be adversely affected by the Purchaser's acquisition of shares as
contemplated herein or of any approval or other action by a domestic or foreign
governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority that would be
required for the acquisition and ownership of the shares by the Purchaser as
contemplated herein. Should any such approval or other action be required, the
Purchaser and Parent presently contemplate that such approval or other action
will be sought, except as described below under "State Takeover Laws." While,
except as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, the Purchaser does not
presently intend to delay the acceptance for payment of or payment for shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, there
can be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be
obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that failure to
obtain any such approval or other action might not result in consequences
adverse to the Company's business or that certain parts of the Company's
business might not have to be disposed of or other substantial conditions
complied with in the event that such approvals were not obtained or such other
actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such approval or other action.
If certain types of adverse action are taken with respect to the matters
discussed below, the Purchaser could decline to accept for payment or pay for
any shares tendered. See Section 14--"Certain Conditions of the Offer" for
certain conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to
governmental actions.

   Delaware Law. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents an "interested
stockholder" (generally, a stockholder owning 15% or more of a corporation's
outstanding voting stock or an affiliate thereof) from engaging in a "business
combination" (defined to include a merger and certain other transactions as
described below) with a Delaware corporation for a period of three years
following the time on which such stockholder became an interested stockholder
unless (i) prior to such time the corporation's board of directors approved
either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in such
stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, (ii) upon consummation of the
transaction which resulted in such stockholder becoming an

interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the
corporation's voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced
(excluding shares owned by certain employee stock option plans and persons who
are directors and also officers of the corporation) or (iii) on or subsequent
to such time, the business combination is approved by the corporation's board
of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by
the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock not
owned by the interested stockholder such action may not be taken by written
consent. The board of directors of the Company has taken all actions necessary
to exempt the Merger Agreement and the actions contemplated thereby, including
the Offer and the Merger, and by the Stockholder Agreement, including the grant
of the proxy and the Options from the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL,
and has agreed not to take any action to affect such exemption.

   State Takeover Laws. A number of states have adopted laws which purport, to
varying degrees, to apply to attempts to acquire corporations that are
incorporated in, or which have substantial assets, stockholders, principal
executive offices or principal places of business or whose business operations
otherwise have substantial economic effects in, such states. The Company,
directly or through subsidiaries, conducts business in a number of states
throughout the United States, some of which have enacted such laws. Except as
described herein, we do not know whether any of these laws will, by their
terms, apply to the Offer or the Merger and have not complied with any such
laws. To the extent that certain provisions of these laws purport to apply to
the Offer or the Merger we believe that there are reasonable bases for
contesting such laws.

   In 1982, in Edgar v. MITE Corp., the Supreme Court of the United States
invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover Statute
which, as a matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations
meeting certain requirements more difficult. However, in 1987, in CTS Corp. v.
Dynamics Corp. of America, the Supreme Court held that the State of Indiana
could, as a matter of corporate law, constitutionally disqualify a potential
acquirer from voting shares of a target corporation without the prior approval
of the remaining stockholders where, among other things, the corporation is
incorporated, and has a substantial number of stockholders, in the state.
Subsequently, in TLX Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp., a Federal District Court
in Oklahoma ruled that the Oklahoma statutes were unconstitutional insofar as
they apply to corporations incorporated outside Oklahoma in that they would
subject such corporations to inconsistent regulations. Similarly, in Tyson
Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds, a Federal District Court in Tennessee ruled that
four Tennessee takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to
corporations incorporated outside Tennessee. This decision was affirmed by the
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In December 1988, a
Federal District Court in Florida held in Grand Metropolitan PLC v.
Butterworth, that the provisions of the Florida Affiliated Transactions Act and
the Florida Control Share Acquisition Act were unconstitutional as applied to
corporations incorporated outside of Florida.

   Cheap Tickets' principal executive offices are located in Hawaii, and Cheap
Tickets maintains substantial operations there. Under the Hawaii Takeover
Disclosures Law certain procedures and disclosures are requested in connection
with any tender offer to acquire more than 10% of any class of equity
securities of the target corporation or any offer that would increase by more
than 5% the equity ownership of the offeror in the target corporation, unless
the board has approved the tender offer in writing. The Board has approved the
Offer and the Merger in writing. Accordingly, the Hawaii Takeover Disclosure
Law is inapplicable to the Transactions (as defined in the Merger Agreement),
including the Offer and Merger.

   Antitrust. Under the HSR Act, and the rules that have been promulgated
thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition
transactions may not be consummated unless certain information has been
furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the
"Antitrust Division") and the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have
been satisfied.

   A Notification and Report Form with respect to the Offer was filed under the
HSR Act on August 16, 2001, and the waiting period with respect to the Offer
under the HSR Act will expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on August 31,
2001 unless extended by a request for additional information or documentary
material. Before such time, however, either the FTC or the Antitrust Division
may extend the waiting period by requesting additional information or material
from the Purchaser. If such request is made, the waiting period will expire at
11:59 p.m., New York City time, on the tenth calendar day after the Purchaser
has substantially complied with such request. Thereafter, the waiting period
may be extended only by court order or with the Purchaser's consent.

   The FTC and the Antitrust Division frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as the Purchaser's acquisition of
shares pursuant to the Offer and the Merger. At any time before or after the
Purchaser's acquisition of shares, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take
such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, including seeking to enjoin the acquisition of shares pursuant
to the Offer or otherwise or seeking divestiture of shares acquired by the
Purchaser or divestiture of substantial assets of Parent or its subsidiaries.
Private parties, as well as state governments, may also bring legal action
under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances. Based upon an examination
of publicly available information relating to the businesses in which Parent
and the Company are engaged, Parent and the Purchaser believe that the
acquisition of shares by the Purchaser will not violate the antitrust laws.
Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer or other
acquisition of shares by the Purchaser on antitrust grounds will not be made
or, if such a challenge is made, of the result. See Section 14--"Certain
Conditions of the Offer" for certain conditions to the Offer, including
conditions with respect to litigation and certain governmental actions.

   In addition to the United States, the antitrust and competition laws of
other countries may apply to the Offer and the Merger and additional filings
and notifications may be required. Parent and the Company are reviewing whether
any such filings are required and intend to make such filings promptly to the
extent required. However, Parent does not currently believe that any such
filing will be required.

   Federal Reserve Board Regulations. Regulations G, U and X (the "Margin
Regulations") of the Federal Reserve Board restrict the extension or
maintenance of credit for the purpose of buying or carrying margin stock,
including the Shares, if the credit is secured directly or indirectly by margin
stock. Such secured credit may not be extended or maintained in an amount that
exceeds the maximum loan value of all the direct and indirect collateral
securing the credit, including margin stock and other collateral. All financing
for the Offer has been structured so as to be in full compliance with the
Margin Regulations.

   A complaint entitled Franks vs. Cheap Tickets, Inc., George M. Mrkonic, Sam
E. Galeotos, Michael J. Hartley, Cece Smith and Giles H. Bateman, was filed in
the Circuit Court of the First Circuit of the State of Hawaii against Cheap
Tickets and certain directors of Cheap Tickets, as a purported class action on
August 13, 2001.

   The Franks complaint seeks damages and preliminary and permanent injunctive
relief, costs and disbursements, including reasonable attorneys' and experts'
fees. The Franks action alleges, among other things, that the individual
defendants breached their fiduciary duties by failing to properly determine
Cheap Tickets' value as an acquisition candidate, failing to obtain adequate
consideration for Cheap Tickets' common stock, and obtaining additional
unspecified benefits for themselves in the transaction.

   Cheap Tickets and the individual defendants believe that these complaints
are meritless and they will be defended vigorously.

16. FEES AND EXPENSES.

   Except as set forth below, neither Parent nor the Purchaser will pay any
fees or commissions to any broker, dealer or other person for soliciting
tenders of shares pursuant to the Offer.

   The Purchaser has retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. to act
as the Information Agent and Mellon Investor Services LLC to act as the
Depositary in connection with the Offer. Such firms each will receive
reasonable and customary compensation for their services. The Purchaser has
also agreed to reimburse each such firm for certain reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses and to indemnify each such firm against certain liabilities in
connection with their services, including certain liabilities under federal
securities laws.

   The Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer
or other person (other than the Information Agent and the Dealer Manager) for
making solicitations or recommendations in connection with the Offer. Brokers,
dealers, banks and trust companies will be reimbursed by the Purchaser for
customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in forwarding material
to their customers.

17. MISCELLANEOUS.

   The Offer is being made to all holders of Shares other than the Company. The
Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or
the tender of Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with
the laws of such jurisdiction. If the Purchaser becomes aware of any
jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer would not be in compliance with
applicable law, the Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with any
such law. If, after such good faith effort, the Purchaser cannot comply with
any such law, the Offer will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from
or on behalf of) the holders of Shares residing in such jurisdiction. In any
jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to
be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer will be deemed to be made on
behalf of the Purchaser by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed
under the laws of such jurisdiction.

   NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF PARENT OR THE PURCHASER NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN
THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR
REPRESENTATION MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

   Parent and Purchaser have filed with the SEC the Tender Offer Statement on
Schedule TO pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act, together with the
exhibits thereto, furnishing certain additional information with respect to the
Offer and may file amendments thereto. In addition, the Company has filed the
Schedule 14D-9 pursuant to Rule 14d-9 under the Exchange Act, together with
exhibits thereto, setting forth its recommendation and furnishing certain
additional related information. Such Schedule and any amendments thereto,
including exhibits, may be examined and copies may be obtained in the manner
set forth in Section 8 "Certain Information Concerning the Company" (except
that they will not be available at the regional offices of the SEC).

Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation
August 23, 2001

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

                      DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF
                              PARENT AND PURCHASER

   1. PARENT. The name, business address and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the
past five years, of each of the directors and executive officers of Parent are
set forth below. Unless otherwise indicated, each such person is a citizen of
the United States. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each
such person is c/o Cendant Corporation, 9 West 57th Street, New York, New York
10019.

                               Present Principal Occupation or Employment;
     Name and Address       Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years
     ----------------       --------------------------------------------------

 Henry R. Silverman...... Mr. Silverman, age 60, has been President and Chief
                           Executive Officer and Director of Parent since
                           December 1997 and Chairman of the Board of Directors
                           and Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board
                           of Directors since July 28, 1998. Mr. Silverman was
                           Chairman of the Board, Chairman of the Executive
                           Committee and Chief Executive Officer of HFS from
                           May 1990 until December 1997. From November 1994
                           until February 1996, Mr. Silverman also served as
                           Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
                           Chartwell Leisure Inc.

 James E. Buckman........ Mr. Buckman, age 56, has been a Vice Chairman since
                           November 1998 and General Counsel and a Director of
                           Parent since December 1997. Mr. Buckman was a Senior
                           Executive Vice President of Parent from December
                           1997 until November 1998. Mr. Buckman was the Senior
                           Executive Vice President and General Counsel and
                           Assistant Secretary of HFS from May 1997 to December
                           1997, a Director of HFS since June 1994 and was
                           Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
                           Assistant Secretary of HFS from February 1992 to May
                           1997. Mr. Buckman also serves as a director and
                           officer of several subsidiaries of Parent. From
                           November 1994 to February 1996, Mr. Buckman served
                           as the Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
                           Secretary of Chartwell and until August 1996 he
                           served as a director of Chartwell. Mr. Buckman also
                           serves as a Director of PHH Corporation, a wholly
                           owned subsidiary of Parent, which files reports
                           pursuant to the Exchange Act.

 Stephen P. Holmes....... Mr. Holmes, age 43, has been a Vice Chairman and
  Cendant Corporation      Director of Parent and Chairman and Chief Executive
  6 Sylvan Way             Officer of the Travel Division of Parent since
  Parsippany, NJ 07054     December 1997. Mr. Holmes was Vice Chairman of HFS
                           from September 1996 until December 1997 and was a
                           Director of HFS from June 1994 until December 1997.
                           From July 1990 through September 1996, Mr. Holmes
                           served as Executive Vice President, Treasurer and
                           Chief Financial Officer of HFS. Mr. Holmes also
                           serves as a director and officer of several
                           subsidiaries of Parent. Mr. Holmes is a director of
                           PHH Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of
                           Parent, which files reports pursuant to the Exchange
                           Act. Mr. Holmes is also a Director of Avis Europe
                           PLC. Mr. Holmes was a Director of Avis Group
                           Holdings, Inc. from September 1997 until March 1,
                           2001.

 Kevin M. Sheehan........ Mr. Sheehan, age 48, has been Senior Executive Vice
  Cendant Corporation      President and Chief Financial Officer since March 1,
  6 Sylvan Way             2001. From August 1999 to February 2001, Mr. Sheehan
  Parsippany, NJ 07054     was President--Corporate and Business Affairs and
                           Chief Financial Officer of Avis Group Holdings, Inc.
                           and a Director of that company since June 1999. From
                           December 1996 to August 1999, Mr. Sheehan was
                           Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                           of

                               Present Principal Occupation or Employment;
     Name and Address       Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years
     ----------------       --------------------------------------------------

                           Avis Group Holdings, Inc. He served as Executive
                           Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Avis
                           Car Rental Services, Inc. from December 1996 until
                           March 1, 2001 and of PHH from June 1999 until March
                           1, 2001. From September 1996 to September 1997, Mr.
                           Sheehan was a Senior Vice President of HFS. From
                           December 1994 to September 1996, Mr. Sheehan was
                           Chief Financial Officer for STT Video Partners, a
                           joint venture between Time Warner,
                           Telecommunications, Inc., Sega of America and HBO.
                           Prior thereto, he was with Reliance Group Holdings,
                           Inc., an insurance holding company, and some of its
                           affiliated companies for ten years and was involved
                           with the formation of the Spanish language
                           television network, Telemundo Group, Inc. and from
                           1991 through 1994 was Senior Vice President--Finance
                           and Controller.

 Richard A. Smith........ Mr. Smith, age 47, has been Chairman and Chief
  Cendant Corporation      Executive Officer of the Real Estate Division of
  6 Sylvan Way             Parent since December 1997. Mr. Smith was President
  Parsippany, NJ 07054     of the Real Estate Division of HFS from October 1996
                           to December 1997 and Executive Vice President of
                           Operations for HFS Incorporated from February 1992
                           to October 1996. Mr. Smith is a Director of
                           Homestore.com, Inc. and NRT Incorporated.

 John W. Chidsey......... Mr. Chidsey, age 39, has been Chief Executive Officer
  Cendant Corporation      of the Diversified Services Division, including the
  6 Sylvan Way             Individual Membership Segment, since March 2000.
  Parsippany, NJ 07054     Mr. Chidsey was Chief Executive Officer of the
                           Diversified Services Division, excluding the
                           Individual Membership Segment, from January 2000
                           until March 2000. Mr. Chidsey was Chairman and Chief
                           Executive Officer of the Insurance/Wholesale
                           Division of the Company from November 1998 until
                           January 2000. From May 1998 to November 1998,
                           Mr. Chidsey was President and Chief Operating
                           Officer of the Alliance Marketing Division of the
                           Company. From December 1997 to May 1998, Mr. Chidsey
                           was Executive Vice President, Business Development
                           of the Company. From 1995 to December 1997, Mr.
                           Chidsey was Senior Vice President, Preferred
                           Alliance Services for HFS. Prior to joining HFS,
                           Mr. Chidsey was the Chief Financial Officer at two
                           divisions of PepsiCo, Inc. with responsibilities for
                           international operations.

 Samuel L. Katz.......... Mr. Katz, age 36, has been Senior Executive Vice
                           President and Chief Strategic Officer of Parent
                           since January 2001. From January 2000 to January
                           2001, Mr. Katz was Senior Executive Vice President
                           and Chief Executive Officer of the Cendant Internet
                           Group. Mr. Katz was Senior Executive Vice President,
                           Strategic Development of the Company from July 1999
                           to January 2000, Executive Vice President, Strategic
                           Development from April 1998 until January 2000, and
                           Senior Vice President, Acquisitions from December
                           1997 to March 1998. Mr. Katz was Senior Vice
                           President, Acquisitions of HFS from January 1996 to
                           December 1997. From June 1993 to December 1995,
                           Mr. Katz was Vice President of Dickstein Partners
                           Inc., a private investment firm. Mr. Katz is a
                           director of Specialty Catalog Corp. and NRT
                           Incorporated.

 Thomas D. Christopoul... Mr. Christopoul, age 36, has been Senior Executive
  Cendant Corporation      Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of
  6 Sylvan Way             Parent since April 2000. From January 2000 to April
  Parsippany, NJ 07054     2000, Mr. Christopoul was President, Cendant
                           Membership Services. From October 1999 to January
                           2000, Mr. Christopoul was Executive Vice President,
                           Corporate Services. From April 1998 to October 1999,
                           Mr. Christopoul was Executive Vice President, Human
                           Resources, and from December 1997 until April 1998,
                           Mr. Christopoul was Senior Vice President,

                              Present Principal Occupation or Employment;
     Name and Address      Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years
     ----------------      --------------------------------------------------

                           Human Resources. Mr. Christopoul was Senior Vice
                           President, Human Resources of HFS from October
                           1996 until December 1997 and Vice President Human
                           Resources of HFS from October 1995 until October
                           1996. He also is Chairman of Advance-Ross
                           Corporation, a subsidiary of Parent.

 Tobia Ippolito.......... Mr. Ippolito, age 37, has been Executive Vice
                           President and Chief Accounting Officer for Parent
                           since 1999. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice
                           President, Finance and Administration for the
                           Cendant Internet Group. From 1993 to 1997,
                           Mr. Ippolito was the Corporate Controller of HFS
                           Incorporated.

 Myra J. Biblowit........ Ms. Biblowit, age 52, has been a Director of Parent
  The Breast Cancer        since April 2000. Since April 2001, Ms. Biblowit
   Research Foundation     has been President of The Breast Cancer Research
  Suite 1209               Foundation. From July 1997 until March 2001, she
  654 Madison Avenue       served as Vice Dean for External Affairs for the
  New York, NY 10021       New York University School of Medicine and Senior
                           Vice President of the Mount Sinai-NYU Health
                           System. From June 1991 to June 1997, Ms. Biblowit
                           was Senior Vice President, and Executive Director
                           of the Capital Campaign for the American Museum of
                           National History and prior to that, served as
                           Executive Vice President of the Central Park
                           Conservancy from 1986 to 1991. Ms. Biblowit is
                           currently a member of the Board of Directors of
                           the Women's Executive Circle, UJA Federation, a
                           Trustee of the Historic House Trust of New York
                           City and a Trustee of the Columbia Land
                           Conservancy. Ms. Biblowit is a former Director of
                           Art Spaces and a founding Director of the City
                           Parks Foundation. Ms. Biblowit is also a member of
                           the Women's Forum.

The HonorAable William S.
 Cohen..................  The Honorable William S. Cohen, age 60, has been a
  The Cohen Group          Director of Parent since January 2001. Since January
  600 13th St., NW         2001, Secretary Cohen has been the Chairman and
  Suite 640                Chief Executive Officer of The Cohen Group, a
  Washington, DC 20005     consulting company. From January 1997 until January
                           2001, Secretary Cohen served as U.S. Secretary of
                           Defense. From 1979 until January 1997, Secretary
                           Cohen served as the U.S. Senator for the State of
                           Maine. From 1973 until 1979, Secretary Cohen served
                           as a member of the House of Representatives from
                           Maine's Second Congressional District.

 Leonard S. Coleman...... Mr. Coleman, age 52, has been a Director of Parent
                           since December 1997. Mr. Coleman was a Director of
                           HFS from April 1997 until December 1997. Mr.
                           Coleman is presently Senior Advisor to Major
                           League Baseball. Mr. Coleman was President of The
                           National League of Professional Baseball Clubs
                           from 1994-1999, having previously served since
                           1992 as Executive Director, Market Development of
                           Major League Baseball. Mr. Coleman was a Director
                           of Avis Group Holdings, Inc. from September 1997
                           until March 1, 2000. Mr. Coleman is a director of
                           the following corporations which file reports
                           pursuant to the Exchange Act: Owens Corning, The
                           Omnicom Group, New Jersey Resources, H.J. Heinz
                           Company, Radio Unica and Electronic Arts.

 Martin Edelman.......... Mr. Edelman, age 59, has been a Director of Parent
  Paul, Hastings,          since December 1997. Mr. Edelman was a Director of
   Janofsky & Walker LLP   HFS from November 1993 until December 1997. Mr.
  399 Park Avenue          Edelman is Of Counsel to Paul, Hastings, Janofsky
  New York, NY 10022       & Walker, a New York City law firm, since June
                           2000. Mr. Edelman was a partner with Battle
                           Fowler, which merged with Paul Hastings, Janofsky
                           & Walker, from 1972 through 1993 and from January
                           1, 1994 until June 2000 was Of Counsel to Battle
                           Fowler. Mr. Edelman is also a partner of Chartwell
                           Hotels Associates, Chartwell Leisure Associates
                           L.P., Chartwell Leisure Associates

                               Present Principal Occupation or Employment;
     Name and Address      Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years
     ----------------      --------------------------------------------------

                           L.P. II, and of certain of their respective
                           affiliates. Mr. Edelman also serves as a director
                           of the following corporations which file reports
                           pursuant to the Exchange Act: Capital Trust and
                           Arcadia Realty Trust and Vitamin Shoppe, Inc. Mr.
                           Edelman was Chairman of the Board of Directors of
                           Avis Rent A Car, Inc. from December 1998 until
                           November 1999. Mr. Edelman was a Director of Avis
                           Group Holdings, Inc. from September 1997 until
                           March 1, 2001.

 John C. Malone, Ph.D.... Dr. Malone, age 59, has been a Director of Parent
  Liberty Media            since March 2000. Since 1999, Dr. Malone has been
   Corporation             Chairman of Liberty Media Group. Prior to serving
  9197 South Pioria St.    as Chairman of Liberty Media Group, Dr. Malone was
  Englewood, CO 80112      the Chairman (1996-1999), Chief Executive Officer
                           (1994-1999), and President (1994-1997) of Tele-
                           Communications, Inc., Chief Executive Officer
                           (1992-1994) and President (1973-1994) of TCI
                           Communications Inc. Dr. Malone is a Director of
                           Liberty Media Group, The Bank of New York, the
                           CATO Institute, Discovery Communications, Inc., BET
                           Holdings II, Inc., 360 Networks, Inc. and USANi,
                           LLC. Dr. Malone also is a Director of AT&T
                           Corporation and a Member of AT&T's Governance and
                           Nominating Committee and the Capital Stock
                           Committee since March 1999.

 Cheryl D. Mills......... Ms. Mills, age 36, has been a Director of Parent
  Oxygen Media, Inc.       since June 2000. Since October 1999, Ms. Mills has
  75 Ninth Avenue          been Senior Vice President for Corporate Policy and
  New York, NY 10018       Public Programming of Oxygen Media, Inc. From 1997
                           to 1999, Ms. Mills was Deputy Counsel to President
                           Clinton. From 1993 to 1996, Ms. Mills also served
                           as Associate Counsel to the President, and as
                           Deputy General Counsel of the Clinton/Gore
                           Transition Planning Foundation. From 1990 to 1992,
                           Ms. Mills was an associate at the Washington, D.C.
                           law firm of Hogan and Hartson. Ms. Mills currently
                           serves on the Board of the National Partnership for
                           Women and Families, the Stanford Law School Board
                           of Visitors, and the William J. Clinton
                           Presidential Library Foundation Board of Trustees.
                           Ms. Mills also serves on the Advisory Board of
                           Grassroots.com.

 The Rt. Hon. Brian
 Mulroney, P.C., LL.D. .. Mr. Mulroney, age 62, has been a Director of Parent
  Ogilvy Renault           since December 1997. Mr. Mulroney was a Director of
  1981 McGill              HFS from April 1997 until December 1997. Mr.
  College Ave.             Mulroney was Prime Minister of Canada from 1984 to
  Suite 1100               1993 and is currently Senior Partner in the
  Montreal, Quebec         Montreal-based law firm, Ogilvy Renault. He is a
  H3A 3C1                  director of the following corporations which file
                           reports pursuant to the Exchange Act: America
                           Online Latin America, Inc., Archer Daniels Midland
                           Company Inc., Barrick Gold Corporation, TrizecHahn
                           Corporation Ltd., Quebecor, Inc. and Quebecor World
                           Inc. Mr. Mulroney is a citizen of Canada.

 Robert E. Nederlander... Mr. Nederlander, age 67, has been a Director of
  Nederlander              Parent since December 1997. Mr. Nederlander was a
   Organization, Inc.      Director of HFS from July 1995 to December 1997.
  1450 Broadway            Since November 1981, Mr. Nederlander has been
  20th Floor               President and Director of the Nederlander
  New York, NY 10018       Organization, Inc., owner and operator of one of
                           the world's largest chains of legitimate theaters.
                           Mr. Nederlander has been Chairman of the Board of
                           Riddell Sports Inc. since April 1988 and was the
                           Chief Executive Officer of such corporation from
                           1988 through April 1, 1993. From February until
                           June 1992, Mr. Nederlander was also Riddell Sports
                           Inc.'s interim President and Chief Operating
                           Officer. He served as the Managing General Partner
                           of the New York Yankees from August 1990 until
                           December 1991, and has been a limited partner since
                           1973. Mr. Nederlander

                               Present Principal Occupation or Employment;
     Name and Address      Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years
     ----------------      --------------------------------------------------

                           has been President since October 1985 of
                           Nederlander Television and Film Productions, Inc.;
                           Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
                           since January 1988 of Mego Financial Corp. and Vice
                           Chairman of the Boardsince February 1988 to early
                           1993 of Vacation Spa Resorts, Inc., an affiliate of
                           Mego. Mr. Nederlander was a director of Mego
                           Mortgage Corp. from September 1996 until June 1998.
                           Mr. Nederlander also served as Chairman of the
                           Board of Allis-Chalmers Corp. from May 1989 to 1993
                           and as Vice Chairman of Allis-Chalmers Corp. from
                           1993 through October 1996. He is currently a
                           Director of Allis-Chalmers Corp. In October 1996,
                           Mr. Nederlander became a director of New
                           Communications, Inc., a publisher of community
                           oriented free circulation newspapers.

 Robert W. Pittman....... Mr. Pittman, age 47, has been a Director of Parent
  AOL Time Warner, Inc.    since December 1997. Mr. Pittman was a Director of
  22000 AOL Way            HFS from July 1994 until December 1997. Since
  Dulles, VA 20166         January 2001, Mr. Pittman has been President and
                           Co-Chief Operating Officer of AOL Time Warner, Inc.
                           From February 1998 until January 2001, Mr. Pittman
                           was President and Chief Operating Officer ofAmerica
                           Online, Inc., a provider of internet online
                           services. From October 1996 to February 1998, Mr.
                           Pittman was President and Chief Executive Officer
                           of AOL Networks, a unit of America Online, Inc.
                           From September 1995 through October 1996, Mr.
                           Pittman served as the Chief Executive Officer and
                           Managing Partner of Parent's subsidiary, Century 21
                           Real Estate Corporation. From 1990 until September
                           1995, Mr. Pittman served as President and Chief
                           Executive Officer of Time Warner Enterprises, a
                           business development unit of Time Warner Inc. and,
                           from 1991 to September 1995, additionally, as
                           Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Six Flags
                           Entertainment Corporation, the parent of Six Flags
                           Theme Parks Inc. Mr. Pittman serves as a director
                           of AOL Time Warner, Inc., which files reports
                           pursuant to the Exchange Act.

 Sheli Z. Rosenberg...... Ms. Rosenberg, age 59, has been a Director of Parent
  Equity Group             since April 2000. Since January 1, 2000, Ms.
   Investments, Inc.       Rosenberg has been Vice Chairwoman of Equity Group
  2 N. Riverside Plaza     Investments, Inc., a privately held investment
  Suite 600                company which controls over 500 properties
  Chicago, IL 60606        throughout the United States. From October 1994 to
                           December 1999, Ms. Rosenberg was President and
                           Chief Executive Officer of Equity Group
                           Investments, Inc. Ms. Rosenberg serves as a
                           Director of the following companies which file
                           reports pursuant to the Exchange Act: Anixter
                           International Inc., CVS Corporation, Capital Trust,
                           Dynergy Inc., Manufactured Home Communities, Inc.,
                           Equity Residential Properties Trust and Equity
                           Office Property Trust. Ms. Rosenberg also currently
                           sits on the Boards of The Chicago Network, National
                           Partnership of Women & Families, Women's Issue
                           Network Foundation and Rush-Presbyterian-St. Luke's
                           Medical Center.

 Robert F. Smith......... Mr. Smith, age 68, has been a Director of Parent
  Car Component            since December 1997. Mr. Smith was a Director of
   Technologies, Inc.      HFS from February 1993 until December 1997. From
  10 Ironhorse Drive       November 1994 until August 1996, Mr. Smith also
  Bedford, NH 03110        served as a Director of Chartwell Leisure Inc. Mr.
                           Smith is the retired Chairman and Chief Executive
                           Officer of American Express Bank, Ltd. He joined
                           AEBL's parent company, the American Express
                           Company, in 1981 as Corporate Treasurer before
                           moving to American Express Bank and serving as Vice
                           Chairman and Co-Chief Operating Officer and then
                           President prior to becoming Chief Executive
                           Officer. Mr. Smith is currently an equity owner and
                           Senior Managing Director of Car Component
                           Technologies, Inc., an automobile parts
                           remanufacturer, located in Bedford, New Hampshire.

   2. PURCHASER. The name, business address and present principal occupation or
employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the
past five years, of each of the directors and executive officers of Parent are
set forth below. Each such person is a citizen of the United States. The
business address of each such person is c/o Cendant Corporation, 9 West 57th
Street, New York, New York 10019 unless otherwise set forth in Section 1 of
this Schedule I above.

  Name and Position with       Present Principal Occupation or Employment;
        Purchaser          Material Positions Held During the Past Five Years
  ----------------------   --------------------------------------------------

 James E. Buckman........ Mr. Buckman, age 56, has been a Vice Chairman since
  Director, Executive      November 1998 and General Counsel and a Director of
  Vice  President,         Parent since December 1997. Mr. Buckman was a
  General  Counsel and     Senior Executive Vice President of Parent from
  Assistant  Secretary     December 1997 until November 1998. Mr. Buckman was
                           the Senior Executive Vice President and General
                           Counsel and Assistant Secretary of HFS from May
                           1997 to December 1997, a Director of HFS since June
                           1994 and was Executive Vice President, General
                           Counsel and Assistant Secretary of HFS from
                           February 1992 to May 1997. Mr. Buckman also serves
                           as a director and officer of several subsidiaries
                           of Parent. From November 1994 to February 1996, Mr.
                           Buckman served as the Executive Vice President,
                           General Counsel and Secretary of Chartwell and
                           until August 1996 he served as a director of
                           Chartwell. Mr. Buckman also serves as a Director of
                           PHH Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of
                           Parent, which files reports pursuant to the
                           Exchange Act.

 Stephen P. Holmes....... Mr. Holmes, age 43, has been a Vice Chairman and
  Director, President      Director of Parent and Chairman and Chief Executive
                           Officer of the Travel Division of Parent since
                           December 1997. Mr. Holmes was Vice Chairman of HFS
                           from September 1996 until December 1997 and was a
                           Director of HFS from June 1994 until December 1997.
                           From July 1990 through September 1996, Mr. Holmes
                           served as Executive Vice President, Treasurer and
                           Chief Financial Officer of HFS. Mr. Holmes also
                           serves as a director and officer of several
                           subsidiaries of Parent. Mr. Holmes is a director of
                           PHH Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of
                           Parent, which files reports pursuant to the
                           Exchange Act. Mr. Holmes is also a Director of Avis
                           Europe PLC. Mr. Holmes was a Director of Avis Group
                           Holdings, Inc. from September 1997 until March 1,
                           2001.

 Kevin M. Sheehan........ Mr. Sheehan, age 46, has been Senior Executive Vice
  Executive Vice           President and Chief Financial Officer of Parent
  President  and           since March 1, 2001. From August 1999 to February
  Treasurer                2001, Mr. Sheehan was President--Corporate and
                           Business Affairs and Chief Financial Officer of
                           Avis Group Holdings, Inc. and a Director of that
                           company since June 1999. From December 1996 to
                           August 1999, Mr. Sheehan was Executive Vice
                           President and Chief Financial Officer of Avis Group
                           Holdings, Inc. He served as Executive Vice
                           President and Chief Financial Officer of Avis Car
                           Rental Services, Inc. from December 1996 until
                           March 1, 2001 and of PHH from June 1999 until March
                           1, 2001. From September 1996 to September 1997, Mr.
                           Sheehan was a Senior Vice President of HFS. From
                           December 1994 to September 1996, Mr. Sheehan was
                           Chief Financial Officer for STT Video Partners, a
                           joint venture between Time Warner,
                           Telecommunications, Inc., Sega of America and HBO.
                           Prior thereto, he was with Reliance Group Holdings,
                           Inc., an insurance holding company, and some of its
                           affiliated companies for ten years and was involved
                           with the formation of the Spanish language
                           television network, Telemundo Group, Inc. and from
                           1991 through 1994 was Senior Vice President--
                           Finance and Controller.

                                           Present Principal Occupation or
                                                     Employment;
     Name, Position with Purchaser     Material Positions Held During the Past
              and Address                             Five Years
     -----------------------------     ---------------------------------------

 Eric J. Bock......................... Mr. Bock, age 36, has been Senior Vice
  Senior Vice President and  Secretary  President, Law and Corporate Secretary
                                        of Parent since January 2000. From
                                        July 1997 to January 2000, he was Vice
                                        President, Legal. From June 1994 to
                                        July 1997, Mr. Bock was an associate
                                        at the law firm of Skadden, Arps,
                                        Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP.

   Facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly
signed, will be accepted. The Letter of Transmittal, certificates for shares
and any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each
stockholder of the Company or his broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust
company or other nominee to the Depositary, at one of the addresses set forth
below:

                          Depositary for the Offer is:

                          Mellon Investor Services LLC

            By Mail                          By Hand                     By Overnight Delivery

 Mellon Investor Services LLC     Mellon Investor Services LLC       Mellon Investor Services LLC
     Post Office Box 3301           120 Broadway, 13th Floor           85 Challenger Road--Mail
  South Hackensack, NJ 07606           New York, NY 10271        Drop-Georg Ridge field Park, NJ 07660
Attn: Reorganization Department  Attn: Reorganization Department    Attn: Reorganization Department

         By Facsimile Transmission:                     Confirm Receipt of Facsimile
      (For Eligible Institutions Only)                         by Telephone:

               (201) 329-8936                                  (201) 296-4860

   Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of this Offer to
Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification on Substitute Form W-9
may be directed to the Information Agent at the locations and telephone numbers
set forth below. Stockholders may also contact Goldman, Sachs & Co., Dealer
Manager for the Offer, or their broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust
company for assistance concerning the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                        [LOGO OF GEORGESON SHAREHOLDER]

                                17 State Street
                            New York, New York 10004
                 Banks and Brokers call collect: (212) 440-9800

                   All others call Toll-Free: (800) 223-2064

                      The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:

                              Goldman, Sachs & Co.
                                85 Broad Street
                            New York, New York 10004
                         (212) 902-1000 (Call Collect)
                                       or
                           (800) 323-5678 (Toll-Free)

EX-99.(A)(1)(B)

dex99a1b.txt

LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                                                            Exhibit 99.(A)(1)(B)

                             Letter of Transmittal
                       To Tender Shares of Common Stock

                                      of

                              Cheap Tickets, Inc.
            Pursuant to the Offer to Purchase dated August 23, 2001

                                      by

                      Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation

                         a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of

                              Cendant Corporation

    THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
    CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                       The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC

            By Mail:                            By Hand:                     By Overnight Delivery:

  Mellon Investor Services LLC        Mellon Investor Services LLC       Mellon Investor Services LLC
      Post Office Box 3300              120 Broadway, 13th Floor      85 Challenger Road--Mail Drop-Reorg
   South Hackensack, NJ 07606              New York, NY 10271              Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660
 Attn: Reorganization Department    Attn: Reorganization Department     Attn: Reorganization Department

                           By Facsimile Transmission
                       (For Eligible Institutions Only):

                                (201) 296-4293

                  Confirm Receipt of Facsimile by Telephone:

                                (201) 296-4860

   DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET
FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY. YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE THEREFOR PROVIDED BELOW AND COMPLETE THE
SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 SET FORTH BELOW. THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER
OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS
COMPLETED.

   IF CERTIFICATES ARE REGISTERED IN DIFFERENT NAMES, A SEPARATE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL MUST BE SUBMITTED FOR EACH DIFFERENT REGISTERED HOLDER. SEE
INSTRUCTION 4.

                       DESCRIPTION OF SHARES SURRENDERED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Name(s) and Address(es) of Registered Holder(s)
   (Please fill in, if blank exactly as name(s)              Share Certificate(s) Enclosed
        appear(s) on Share Certificate(s)            (Attach additional signed list if necessary)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                Number of Shares
                                                            Share                  Represented
                                                    Certificate Number(s)    by Share Certificate(s)
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------

                                                   Total Shares

                               Lost Certificates

 [_]I have lost my Certificates that represented                  Shares and
    require assistance in obtaining replacement Certificates. I understand
    that I must contact the Depositary to obtain instructions for replacing a
    lost Certificate (See Instruction 10).

    SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS             SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
  (See Instructions 3, 4, 5 and 7)             (See Instructions 3 and 7)

   Fill in ONLY if check is to be            Fill in ONLY if check is to be
 issued in a name other than that          issued in the name set forth
 set forth above.                          above but delivered to an address
                                           other than that set forth above.

 Issue and deliver check to:               Deliver check to:

 Name _____________________________        Name _____________________________
           (Please Print)                            (Please Print)

                                           Address __________________________
 Address __________________________

                                           __________________________________
 __________________________________

                                           __________________________________
 __________________________________                (Include Zip Code)

 __________________________________
         (Include Zip Code)                __________________________________
 __________________________________          (Tax Identification or Social
   (Tax Identification or Social                    Security Number)
          Security Number)

                                                  (See Instruction 11)

        (See Instruction 11)

              PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS

Ladies and Gentlemen:

   In connection with the merger (the "Merger") of Diamondhead Acquisition
Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser"), with and into Cheap
Tickets, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), pursuant to an
Agreement and Plan of Merger between the Purchaser and the Company, dated as
of August 13, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), the undersigned herewith
surrenders the above described certificate(s) (the "Certificate(s)"), which
prior to the Merger represented shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of the Company (the "Shares"), to be exchanged for cash in the amount
of $16.50 per Share, without interest and subject to applicable withholding,
payable pursuant to the Merger. By delivery of this Letter of Transmittal to
the Depositary (as hereinafter defined), the undersigned hereby forever waives
all dissenter's rights under applicable Delaware law and withdraws all written
objections to the Merger and/or demands for appraisal, if any, with respect to
the Shares owned by the undersigned.

   The undersigned represents that the undersigned has full authority to
surrender the Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances.
The undersigned will, upon request, execute and deliver any additional
documents reasonably deemed appropriate or necessary by the Depositary in
connection with the surrender of the Shares. All authority conferred or agreed
to be conferred in this Letter of Transmittal shall be binding upon the
successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal
representatives of the undersigned and shall not be affected by, and shall
survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned. The surrender of Shares
hereby is irrevocable.

   The undersigned understands that surrender is not made in acceptable form
until the receipt by Mellon Investor Services LLC (the "Depositary") of this
Letter of Transmittal, or a facsimile hereof, duly completed and signed, and
of the Certificate(s), together with all accompanying evidences of authority
in form satisfactory to the Company (which may delegate power in whole or in
part to the Depositary). All questions as to validity, form and eligibility of
any surrender of Shares hereby will be determined by the Company (which may
delegate power in whole or in part to the Depositary) and such determination
shall be final and binding.

   The undersigned understands that payment for surrendered Shares will be
made as promptly as practicable after the surrender of Certificate(s)
representing the Shares is made in acceptable form.

   Please issue the check to which the undersigned is entitled in the name set
forth above and deliver such check to the address set forth above, unless
otherwise indicated under the Special Payment Instructions or Special Delivery
Instructions above.

                                   IMPORTANT

                             STOCKHOLDER SIGN HERE

 ____________________________________________________________________________

 ____________________________________________________________________________
                           (Signature(s) of Owner(s))

 Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on
 stock certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by person(s)
 authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents
 transmitted herewith. If signature is by a trustee, executor,
 administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or
 other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set
 forth full title. See Instruction 4. (For information concerning signature
 guarantees see Instruction 3.)

 Dated: _______________, 2001

 Name(s) ____________________________________________________________________

 ____________________________________________________________________________
                                 (Please Print)

 Capacity ___________________________________________________________________
                              (See Instruction 4)

 Address ____________________________________________________________________

 ____________________________________________________________________________

 ____________________________________________________________________________
                              (Including Zip Code)

 Area Code and Telephone No. (Business) _____________________________________

 Area Code and Telephone No. (Residence) ____________________________________

 Tax Identification or Social Security No. __________________________________
              (Complete the Substitute Form W-9 contained herein)

                              SIGNATURE GUARANTEE
                        (See Instruction 3, if required)

 Authorized Signature _______________________________________________________

 Name _______________________________________________________________________
                                 (Please Print)

 Title ______________________________________________________________________
                                 (Please Print)

 Name of Firm _______________________________________________________________

 Address ____________________________________________________________________
                               (Include Zip Code)
 Area Code and Telephone No. ________________________________________________

 Dated: _____________________________________________________________________

                                 INSTRUCTIONS
             Forming Part of the Terms and Conditions of the Offer

   1. Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Certificate(s).  This Letter of
Transmittal or a facsimile hereof, filled in and signed, must be used in
connection with the delivery and surrender of the Certificate(s). A Letter of
Transmittal and the Certificate(s) must be received by the Depositary, in
satisfactory form, in order to make an effective surrender. Delivery of the
Certificate(s) and other documents shall be effected, and the risk of loss and
title to the Certificate(s) shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificate(s) to the Depositary. The method of delivery of the Certificate(s)
and other documents is at the election and risk of the stockholder. If such
delivery is by mail, registered mail with return receipt requested, properly
insured, is recommended. Surrender may be made by mail, by hand or by
overnight courier to Mellon Investor Services LLC, as Depositary, at one of
the addresses shown above. In all cases, sufficient time should be allowed to
insure timely delivery. A mailing envelope addressed to the Depositary is
enclosed for your convenience.

   2. Terms of Conversion of the Shares. Each Share (as shown in the box at
the top of this Letter of Transmittal) was converted at the effective time of
the Merger into the right to receive $16.50 in cash, without interest and
subject to applicable withholding.

   3. Guarantee of Signature. The Certificate(s) need not be endorsed and
stock powers and signature guarantees are unnecessary unless (a) the
Certificate(s) is registered in a name other than that of the person
surrendering the Certificate(s) or (b) such registered holder completes the
Special Payment Instructions or Special Delivery Instructions. In the case of
(a) above, any such Certificate(s) must be duly endorsed or accompanied by a
properly executed stock power with the signature on the endorsement or stock
power and on the Letter of Transmittal guaranteed by a participant in the
Security Transfer Agents Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange
Medallion Signature Guarantee Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program.
In the case of (b) above, only the signature on the Letter of Transmittal
should be similarly guaranteed.

   4. Signatures on Letter of Transmittal and Endorsements. If this Letter of
Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares surrendered
hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on the
face of the Certificate(s) without alteration, enlargement or any change
whatsoever.

   If any of the Shares surrendered hereby are held of record by two or more
joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

   If any of the Shares surrendered hereby are registered in different names
on several Certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as
many separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations of
Certificates.

   If this Letter of Transmittal or any Share certificate or stock power is
signed by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact,
officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or
representative capacity, such person should so indicate when signing, and
proper evidence satisfactory to the Company of the authority of such person so
to act must be submitted.

   If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Shares listed and surrendered hereby, no endorsements of Certificates or
separate stock powers are required unless payment is to be issued in the name
of a person other than the registered holder(s). Signatures on any such
Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

   If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Shares evidenced by Certificates listed and
surrendered hereby, the Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by
appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the name(s) of the
registered holder(s) appear(s) on the Certificates. Signature(s) on any such
Certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

   5. Stock Transfer Taxes. Except as otherwise provided in this Instruction
5, Purchaser will pay all stock transfer taxes applicable to payments for
tendered Shares. If, however, payment of the purchase price of any Shares
tendered is to be made to, or if Share certificates for shares not tendered or
accepted for payment are to be registered in the name of any person other than
the registered holder(s) or if tendered Share certificates are registered in
the name of any person other than the person(s) signing this Letter of
Transmittal, the amount of any stock transfer taxes (whether imposed on the
registered holder(s) or such other person(s)) payable on account of the
transfer to such other person will be deducted from the purchase price unless
satisfactory evidence of the payment of such taxes or an exemption therefrom,
is submitted to the Purchaser.

   EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS INSTRUCTION 5, IT WILL NOT BE NECESSARY FOR
TRANSFER TAX STAMPS TO BE AFFIXED TO THE SHARE CERTIFICATE(S) LISTED IN THIS
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

   6. Validity of Surrender, Irregularities. All questions as to validity,
form and eligibility of any surrender of Shares hereby will be determined by
the Company (which may delegate power in whole or in part to the Depositary),
and such determination shall be final and binding. The Company reserves the
right to waive any irregularities or defects in the surrender of any Shares,
and its interpretations of the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement
and of this Letter of Transmittal (including these instructions) with respect
to such irregularities or defects shall be final and binding. A surrender will
not be deemed to have been made until all irregularities have been cured or
waived.

   7. Special Payment and Delivery Instructions. Indicate the name and address
to which payment for the Shares is to be sent if different from the name
and/or address of the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal.

   8. Additional Copies. Additional copies of this Letter of Transmittal and
of the Offer to Purchase may be obtained from the Depositary at its addresses
listed above.

   9. Inadequate Space. If the space provided on this Letter of Transmittal is
inadequate, the Share certificate numbers and number of Shares should be
listed on a separate signed schedule affixed hereto.

   10. Letter of Transmittal Required; Surrender of Certificate(s); Lost
Certificate(s). You will not receive any cash for your Shares unless and until
you deliver this Letter of Transmittal or a facsimile hereof, duly completed
and signed, to the Depositary, together with the Certificate(s) representing
such Shares and any required accompanying evidences of authority in form
satisfactory to the Company. If the Certificate(s) has (have) been lost or
destroyed, such fact should be indicated on the face of this Letter of
Transmittal. In such event, the Depositary will forward additional
documentation necessary to be completed in order to surrender effectively such
lost or destroyed Certificate(s). No interest will be paid on amounts due for
the Shares.

   11. Taxpayer Identification Number and Backup Withholding. Federal income
tax law generally requires that, unless an exemption applies, a tendering
holder whose Shares are accepted for payment must provide the Depositary (the
"Payor") with such holder's correct Taxpayer Identification Number ("TIN"). If
the Payor is not provided with the correct TIN and no exemption applies, such
holder may be subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue Service
and backup withholding at the ordinary income tax rate applicable to unmarried
individuals (currently 30.5% effective until December 31, 2001) (the
"Withholding Rate") may be imposed upon the gross proceeds of any payment
received hereunder. If withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a
refund may be obtained.

   To prevent backup withholding, each tendering holder of Shares not
otherwise exempt must provide such holder's correct TIN by completing the
"Substitute Form W-9" set forth herein, which requires a tendering holder to
certify, under penalties of perjury, (1) that the TIN provided is correct (or
that such holder is awaiting a TIN), (2) that (i) the holder is exempt from
backup withholding, (ii) the holder has not been notified by the Internal
Revenue Service that such holder is subject to backup withholding as a result
of a failure to report all interest or dividends or (iii) the Internal Revenue
Service has notified the holder that such holder is no longer subject to
backup withholding, and (3) that the holder is a U.S. person.

   Certain holders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting
requirements. To prevent possible erroneous backup withholding, an exempt
holder, other than a foreign person, must enter its correct TIN in Part 1 of
Substitute Form W-9, write "Exempt" in Part 2 of such form, and sign and date
the form. See the enclosed Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer
Identification Number of Substitute Form W-9 (the "W-9 Guidelines") for
additional instructions. In order for a nonresident alien or foreign entity to
qualify as exempt recipients, such person must submit a completed Form W-8BEN,
"Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax
Withholding" signed under penalties of perjury attesting to such exempt
status. Such forms may be obtained from the Payor.

   If the Shares are held in more than one name or are not in the same name of
the actual owner, consult the W-9 Guidelines for information on which TIN to
report.

   If you do not have a TIN, consult the W-9 Guidelines for instructions on
applying for a TIN, write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN in Part 1 of
the Substitute Form W-9, and sign and date the Substitute Form W-9 and the
Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number set forth herein.
Notwithstanding that you follow these procedures, the Payor will withhold at
the Withholding Rate on all payments made prior to the time a properly
certified TIN is provided to the Payor. However, such amounts will be refunded
to such holder if a TIN is provided to the Payor within 60 days, backup
withholding will begin and continue until you furnish your TIN to the Payor.
Note: Writing "Applied For" on the form means that you have already applied
for a TIN or that you intend to apply for one in the near future.

 IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR FACSIMILE HEREOF), PROPERLY
 COMPLETED AND DULY EXECUTED (TOGETHER WITH ANY REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES
 AND CERTIFICATES OR CONFIRMATION OF BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER AND ALL OTHER
 REQUIRED DOCUMENTS), OR A PROPERLY COMPLETED AND DULY EXECUTED NOTICE OF
 GUARANTEED DELIVERY MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY ON OR PRIOR TO THE
 EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE).

            TO BE COMPLETED BY ALL TENDERING HOLDERS OF SECURITIES

                  PAYOR'S NAME: MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC

                        Part 1--PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR
                        TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT AND    ----------------------
                        CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND         Social Security Number
                        DATING BELOW                             OR

 SUBSTITUTE
 Form W-9
 Department of
 the Treasury                                          ----------------------
 Internal                                              Employer Identification
 Revenue                                                     Number TIN
 Service               --------------------------------------------------------
                        Part 2--FOR PAYEES EXEMPT FROM BACKUP WITHHOLDING
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS)

 Payor's Request       --------------------------------------------------------
 for Taxpayer           Part 3--CERTIFICATION--UNDER PENALTIES OF PERJURY, I
 Identification         CERTIFY THAT (1) The number shown on this form is my
 Number ("TIN")         correct TIN (or I am waiting for a number to be
 and Certification      issued to me), (2) I am not subject to backup
                        withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup
                        withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the
                        Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") that I am
                        subject to backup withholding as a result of a
                        failure to report all interest or dividends or (c)
                        the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject
                        to backup withholding, and (3) I am a U.S. Person
                        (including a U.S. resident alien).

                        SIGNATURE _______________________  DATE ______________

   You must cross out item (2) in Part 3 above if you have been notified by
the IRS that you are currently subject to backup withholding because of
underreporting interest or dividends on your tax return.

    YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU WROTE "APPLIED FOR"
                     IN PART 1 OF THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

            CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

   I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification
 number has not been issued to me, and that I mailed or delivered an
 application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate
 Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office
 (or I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future). I
 understand that if I do not provide a taxpayer identification number to the
 payor by the time of payment, an amount of all reportable payments made to
 me will be withheld at the ordinary income tax rate applicable to unmarried
 individuals (currently 30.5%, effective until December 31, 2001) (the
 "Withholding Rate"), but will be refunded to me if I provide a certified
 taxpayer identification number within 60 days.

 SIGNATURE __________________________________________________  DATE __________

NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP
      WITHHOLDING ON ANY GROSS PROCEEDS AT THE WITHHOLDING RATE. PLEASE REVIEW
      THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
      NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                        [LOGO OF GEORGESON SHAREHOLDER]

                                17 State Street
                           New York, New York 10004
                Banks and Brokers call collect: (212) 440-9800

                   All others call Toll-Free: (800) 223-2064

EX-99.(A)(1)(C)

dex99a1c.txt

NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                                                            Exhibit 99.(A)(1)(C)

                       Notice of Guaranteed Delivery for
                        Tender of Shares of Common Stock

                                       of

                              Cheap Tickets, Inc.

                                       to

                      Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation
                          a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of

                              Cendant Corporation
                   (Not to be used for signature guarantees)

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
       TIME, ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

   This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or a form substantially equivalent
hereto, must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates for
Shares (as defined below) are not immediately available, if the procedure for
book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis, or if time will not
permit all required documents to reach Mellon Investor Services LLC (the
"Depositary") on or prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of
the Offer to Purchase). This form may be delivered by hand, transmitted by
facsimile transmission or mailed (to the Depositary). See Section 3 of the
Offer to Purchase.

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                          Mellon Investor Services LLC

           By Mail:                By Overnight Courier:                 By Hand:

 Mellon Investor Services LLC   Mellon Investor Services LLC   Mellon Investor Services LLC
  Reorganization Department     Reorganization Department 85    Reorganization Department
         PO Box 3301                  Challenger Road                  120 Broadway
  South Hackensack, NJ 07606          Mail Stop--Reorg                  13th Floor
                                 Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660          New York, NY 10271

                           By Facsimile Transmission:

                        (for eligible institutions only)
                                 (201) 296-4293

                        Confirm Facsimile By Telephone:

                                 (201) 296-4860

   DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN ONE
SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TO A NUMBER OTHER
THAN THE FACSIMILE NUMBER SET FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY
TO THE DEPOSITARY.

   THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY IS NOT TO BE USED TO
GUARANTEE SIGNATURES. IF A SIGNATURE ON A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS REQUIRED TO
BE GUARANTEED BY AN "ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION" (AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO
PURCHASE) UNDER THE INSTRUCTIONS THERETO, SUCH SIGNATURE GUARANTEES MUST APPEAR
IN THE APPLICABLE SPACE PROVIDED IN THE SIGNATURE BOX ON THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL.

   The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the
guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of Transmittal or an
Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and certificates for
Shares to the Depositary within the time period shown herein. Failure to do so
could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution.

   THE GUARANTEE ON THE REVERSE SIDE MUST BE COMPLETED.

 Ladies and Gentlemen:

    The undersigned hereby tenders to Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation,
 a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant
 Corporation, a Delaware corporation, upon the terms and subject to the
 conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated August 23, 2001 (the
 "Offer to Purchase") and the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
 together with any amendments or supplements thereto, constitute the
 "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the number of shares of
 common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Cheap Tickets, Inc., a
 Delaware corporation (the "Company"), set forth below, pursuant to the
 guaranteed delivery procedures set forth in the Offer to Purchase.

 Name(s) of Record Holder(s): ______________________________________________

 Number of Shares Tendered: ________________________________________________

 Certificate No(s) (if available): _________________________________________
                                              (please print)

 Address(es): ______________________________________________________________

 ___________________________________________________________________________
                                   (Zip Code)

 [_]Check if securities will be tendered by book-entry transfer

 Name of Tendering Institution: ____________________________________________

 Area Code and Telephone No.(s): ___________________________________________

 ___________________________________________________________________________

 Signature(s): _____________________________________________________________

 Account No.: ______________________________________________________________

 Dated:                        , 2001

                                   GUARANTEE
                    (Not to be used for signature guarantee)

    The undersigned, a firm that is a participant in the Securities Transfer
 Agents Medallion Program, or an "eligible guarantor institution" (as such
 term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended), hereby guarantees to deliver to the Depositary either the
 certificates evidencing all tendered Shares, in proper form for transfer, or
 to deliver Shares pursuant to the procedure for book-entry transfer into the
 Depositary's account at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry
 Transfer Facility"), in either case together with the Letter of Transmittal
 (or a facsimile thereof) properly completed and duly executed, with any
 required signature guarantees or an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer
 to Purchase) in the case of a book-entry delivery, and any other required
 documents, all within three New York Stock Exchange trading days after the
 date hereof.

 Name of Firm: _______________________________________________________________

 Address: ____________________________________________________________________

 _____________________________________________________________________________
                                                                       Zip Code

 Area Code and Tel. No. ______________________________________________________

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             (Authorized Signature)

 Name: _______________________________________________________________________
                             (Please type or print)

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Title: ______________________________________________________________________

 Date:                          , 2001

 NOTE: DO NOT SEND CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES WITH THIS NOTICE. CERTIFICATES FOR
       SHARES SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

EX-99.(A)(1)(D)

dex99a1d.txt

LETTER TO BROKERS, DEALERS, BANKS

                                                            Exhibit 99.(A)(1)(D)
                           Offer to Purchase for Cash

                     All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

                                       of

                              Cheap Tickets, Inc.

                                       at

                              $16.50 Net Per Share

                                       by

                      Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation

                          a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of

                              Cendant Corporation

    THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
    CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

To Brokers, Dealers, Banks,
Trust Companies and other Nominees:

   We have been engaged by Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), and Parent to act as Dealer
Manager in connection with the Purchaser's offer to purchase all outstanding
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), of Cheap
Tickets, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at $16.50 per share (the
"Offer Price"), net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchaser's Offer to
Purchase dated August 23, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related
Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements
thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer"). Please furnish copies of the
enclosed materials to those of your clients for whom you hold Shares registered
in your name or in the name of your nominee.

   Enclosed herewith are copies of the following documents:

  1. Offer to Purchase dated August 23, 2001;

  2. Letter of Transmittal to be used by stockholders of the Company in
     accepting the Offer (facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal may
     be used to tender the Shares);

  3. The Letter to Stockholders from the President and Chief Executive
     Officer of the Company accompanied by the Company's
     Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9;

  4. A printed form of letter that may be sent to your clients for whose
     account you hold shares in your name or in the name of a nominee, with
     space provided for obtaining such clients' instructions with regard to
     the Offer;

  5. Notice of Guaranteed Delivery with respect to Shares;

  6. Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
     Substitute Form W-9; and

  7. Return envelope addressed to The Bank of New York, as Depositary.

   THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, (A) THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED AND NOT VALIDLY WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE (AS DEFINED IN
SECTION 1 OF THE OFFER TO PURCHASE) THAT NUMBER OF SHARES THAT WOULD REPRESENT
AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS ON THE
DATE OF PURCHASE, (B) ANY WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST
IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 1976, AS AMENDED, APPLICABLE TO THE

PURCHASE OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER OR TO THE MERGER HAVING EXPIRED OR
BEEN TERMINATED AND (C) THE RECEIPT OF OTHER REQUISITE MATERIAL REGULATORY AND
ANTITRUST CLEARANCES.

   We urge you to contact your clients promptly. Please note that the Offer and
withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday,
September 21, 2001, unless extended. The Company's board of directors has
unanimously approved and adopted the Merger Agreement (as defined herein) and
the transactions contemplated thereby and determined that the Offer and the
Merger (as defined herein) are advisable and fair to and in the best interests
of the Company and its stockholders. Accordingly, the Company's board of
directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders tender their Shares in
the Offer.

   The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated
as of August 23, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), among Parent, the Purchaser and
the Company pursuant to which, as soon as practicable following the
consummation of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions,
the Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company, with the Company
surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Merger"). At
the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than Shares
owned by Parent, the Purchaser or the Company or any subsidiary of Parent or
the Company or by stockholders, if any, who are entitled to and properly
exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be converted into the right
to receive the price per Share paid pursuant to the Offer in cash, without
interest thereon, as set forth in the Merger Agreement and described in the
Offer to Purchase. The Merger Agreement provides that the Purchaser may assign
any or all of its rights and obligations (including the right to purchase
Shares in the Offer) to Parent or any wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

   In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer
will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (a) certificates
for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to Purchase)
with respect to) such Shares, (b) a Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile
thereof), properly completed, and duly executed, with any required signature
guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer effected pursuant to the
procedure set forth in Section 2 of the Offer to Purchase, an Agent's Message
(as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and (c) any other documents required by
the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering shareholders may be paid at
different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry
Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary.
Under no circumstances will interest be paid on the purchase price of the
Shares to be paid by the Purchaser, regardless of any extension of the Offer or
any delay in making such payment.

   Neither of the Purchaser or Parent will pay any fees or commissions to any
broker or dealer or other person (other than the Dealer Manager, as described
in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with the solicitation of tenders of
Shares pursuant to the Offer. You will be reimbursed by the Purchaser upon
request for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you in
forwarding the enclosed Offering materials to your customers.

   Questions and requests for additional copies of the enclosed material may be
directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager at their respective
addresses and telephone numbers set forth on the back cover of the enclosed
Offer to Purchase.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          Goldman, Sachs & Co.

   NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL RENDER YOU OR
ANY OTHER PERSON THE AGENT OF THE PURCHASER, PARENT, THE DEPOSITARY, THE
INFORMATION AGENT OR THE DEALER MANAGER OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO
GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM WITH
RESPECT TO THE OFFER NOT CONTAINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE OR THE LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL.

EX-99.(A)(1)(E)

dex99a1e.txt

LETTER TO CLIENTS

                                                            Exhibit 99.(A)(1)(E)

                          Offer to Purchase for Cash

                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

                                      of

                              Cheap Tickets, Inc.

                                      at

                             $16.50 Net Per Share

                                      by

                      Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation

                         a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of

                              Cendant Corporation

                                                                August 23, 2001

 THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
      TIME, ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

To Our Clients:

   Enclosed for your consideration is an Offer to Purchase dated August 23,
2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and the related Letter of Transmittal (which,
together with amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the
"Offer") relating to the Offer by Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation, a
Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), to purchase all outstanding
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), of Cheap
Tickets, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a purchase price of
$16.50 per Share, net to seller in cash upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer.

   Also enclosed is the Letter to Stockholders from the President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company accompanied by the Company's
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9.

   WE (OR OUR NOMINEES) ARE THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF SHARES HELD BY US FOR YOUR
ACCOUNT. A TENDER OF SUCH SHARES CAN BE MADE ONLY BY US AS THE HOLDER OF
RECORD AND PURSUANT TO YOUR INSTRUCTIONS. THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS
FURNISHED TO YOU FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY AND CANNOT BE USED TO TENDER SHARES
HELD BY US FOR YOUR ACCOUNT.

   We request instructions as to whether you wish to tender any of or all the
Shares held by us for your account pursuant to the terms and conditions set
forth in the Offer.

   Your attention is directed to the following:

     1. The offer price is $16.50 per Share net to the seller in cash,
  without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of
  the Offer.

     2. The Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares.

     3. The Company's board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted
  the Merger Agreement (as defined below) and the transactions contemplated
  thereby and determined that the Offer and the Merger (as defined below) are
  advisable and fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its
  stockholders. Accordingly, the Company's board of directors unanimously
  recommends that the stockholders tender their Shares in the Offer.

     4. The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger
  dated as of August 13, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), among Parent, the
  Purchaser and the Company pursuant to which, as soon as practicable
  following the consummation of the Offer and the satisfaction or waiver of
  certain conditions, the Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company
  with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned indirect subsidiary
  of Parent (the "Merger"). At the effective time of the Merger, each
  outstanding Share (other than Shares owned by Parent, the Purchaser or the
  Company or any subsidiary of Parent or the Company or by stockholders, if
  any, who are entitled to and properly exercise appraisal rights under
  Delaware Law) will be converted into the right to receive the price per
  Share paid pursuant to the Offer in cash, without interest, as set forth in
  the Merger Agreement and described in the Offer to Purchase. The Merger
  Agreement provides that the Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights
  and obligations (including the right to purchase Shares in the Offer) to
  Parent or any wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment
  shall relieve the Purchaser of its obligations under the Merger Agreement.

     5. THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
  CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2001 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), UNLESS
  THE OFFER IS EXTENDED BY THE PURCHASER, IN WHICH EVENT THE TERM "EXPIRATION
  DATE" SHALL MEAN THE LATEST TIME AT WHICH THE OFFER, AS SO EXTENDED BY THE
  PURCHASER, WILL EXPIRE.

     6. The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (a) there being
  validly tendered and not validly withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date
  that number of Shares that would represent at least a majority of the
  Shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date of purchase, (b)
  any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
  of 1976, as amended, applicable to the purchase of Shares pursuant to the
  Offer or to the Merger having expired or been terminated and (c) the
  receipt of other requisite material regulatory and antitrust clearances.

     7. Any stock transfer taxes applicable to a sale of Shares to the
  Purchaser will be borne by the Purchaser, except as otherwise provided in
  Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal.

     8. Tendering stockholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
  commissions to the Dealer Manager, the Depositary or the Information Agent
  or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of Transmittal,
  transfer taxes on the purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the
  Offer. However, federal income tax backup withholding at the ordinary
  income tax rate applicable to unmarried individuals (currently 30.5%
  effective until December 31, 2001), may be required, unless an exemption is
  provided or unless the required taxpayer identification information is
  provided. See Instruction 9 of the Letter of Transmittal.

   Your instructions to us should be forwarded promptly to permit us to submit
a tender on your behalf prior to the Expiration Date.

   If you wish to have us tender any of or all the Shares held by us for your
account, please so instruct us by completing, executing, detaching and
returning to us the instruction form on the detachable part hereof. An
envelope to return your instructions to us is enclosed. If you authorize the
tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be tendered unless otherwise
specified on the detachable part hereof. YOUR INSTRUCTIONS SHOULD BE FORWARDED
TO US IN AMPLE TIME TO PERMIT US TO SUBMIT A TENDER ON YOUR BEHALF PRIOR TO
THE EXPIRATION DATE.

   Payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all
cases be made only after timely receipt by Mellon Investor Services LLC (the
"Depositary") of (a) certificates for (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation)
(as defined in the Offer to Purchase) with respect to such Shares, (b) a
Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly
executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-
entry transfer effected pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 2 of
the Offer to Purchase, an Agent's Message, and (c) any other documents
required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering stockholders may
be paid at different times depending upon when certificates for Shares or
Book-Entry Confirmations with respect to Shares are actually received by the
Depositary. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE PURCHASE PRICE
OF THE SHARES TO BE PAID BY THE

PURCHASER, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING
SUCH PAYMENT.

   The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on
behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the
Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of
such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or other
laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer is
being made on behalf of the Purchaser by Goldman, Sachs & Co., the Dealer
Manager for the Offer, or one or more registered brokers or dealers that are
licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.

                        Instructions with Respect to the
       Offer to Purchase for Cash All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock

                                       of

                              Cheap Tickets, Inc.

                                       by

                      Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation

                          a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of

                              Cendant Corporation

   The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter, the Offer to Purchase
of Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation, dated August 23, 2001 (the "Offer to
Purchase"), and the related Letter of Transmittal relating to shares of common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Shares"), of Cheap Tickets, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

   This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below held
by you for the account of the undersigned, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and related Letter of
Transmittal.

    NUMBER OF SHARES TO BE                              SIGN HERE
         TENDERED:(1)                     -------------------------------------

                                          -------------------------------------
SHARES: _______________________                      (Signature(s))

                                          -------------------------------------
Dated: __________________, 2001
                                          -------------------------------------
                                              Please Type or Print Name(s)

                                          -------------------------------------
                                            Please Type or Print Address( es)

                                          -------------------------------------
                                             Area Code and Telephone Number

                                          -------------------------------------
                                              Tax Identification or Social
- --------                                             Security Number
(1) Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all your Shares are to
    be tendered.

EX-99.(A)(1)(F)

dex99a1f.txt

FORM W-9

                                                            Exhibit 99.(A)(1)(F)

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

Guidelines for Determining the Proper Identification Number to Give the Payor.

     Social security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: e.g.
000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by
only one hyphen: e.g. 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the
number to give the payor.

- ---------------------------------------------
                             Give the
For this type of account:    SOCIAL SECURITY
                             number of--
- ---------------------------------------------

 1. An individual's account  The individual
 2. Two or more individuals  The actual owner
    (joint account)          of the account
                             or, if combined
                             funds, the first
                             individual on
                             the account(1)
 3. Husband and wife (joint  The actual owner
    account)                 of the account
                             or, if joint
                             funds, either
                             person(1)
 4. Custodian account of a   The minor(2)
    minor (Uniform Gift to
    Minors Act)
 5. Adult and minor (joint   The adult or, if
    account)                 the minor is the
                             only contributor,
                             the minor(1)
 6. Account in the name of   The ward, minor,
    guardian or committee    or incompetent
    for a designated ward,   person(3)
    minor, or incompetent
    person
 7. a. A revocable savings   The grantor-
       trust account (in     trustee(1)
       which grantor is
       also trustee)
    b. Any "trust" account   The actual
       that is not a legal   owner(1)
       or valid trust under
       State law
- ---------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------
                             Give the EMPLOYER
For this type of account:    IDENTIFICATION
                             number of--
- ---------------------------------------------

 8. Sole proprietorship      The owner(4)
    account
 9. A valid trust, estate,   The legal entity
    or pension trust         (do not furnish
                             the identifying
                             number of the
                             personal
                             representative
                             or trustee
                             unless the legal
                             entity itself is
                             not designated
                             in the account
                             title.)(5)
10. Corporate account        The corporation
11. Religious, charitable,   The organization
    or educational
    organization account
12. Partnership account      The partnership
    held in the name of
    the business
13. Association, club, or    The organization
    other tax-exempt
    organization
14. A broker or registered   The broker or
    nominee                  nominee
15. Account with the         The public
    Department of            entity
    Agriculture in the
    name of a public
    entity (such as a
    State or local
    government, school
    district, or prison)
    that receives
    agricultural program
    payments
- ---------------------------------------------

(1) List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.
(2) Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.
(3) Circle the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such
    person's social security number.
(4) Show the name of the owner. If the owner does not have an employer
    identification number, furnish the owner's social security number.
(5) List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate or pension
    trust.

NOTE: IF NO NAME IS CIRCLED WHEN THERE IS MORE THAN ONE NAME, THE NUMBER WILL
      BE CONSIDERED TO BE THAT OF THE FIRST NAME LISTED.

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9
                                     Page 2

Obtaining a Number

  If you do not have a taxpayer identification number or you do not know your
number, obtain form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card (for
resident individuals), Form SS-4, Application for Employer Identification
Number (for businesses and all other entities), Form W-7 for International
Taxpayer Identification Number (for alien individuals required to file U.S. tax
returns), at an office of the Social Security Administration or the Internal
Revenue Service.

  To complete the Substitute Form W-9, if you do not have a taxpayer
identification number, write "Applied For" in the space for the taxpayer
identification number in Part 1, sign and date the Form, and give it to the
requester. Generally, you will then have 60 days to obtain a taxpayer
identification number and furnish it to the requester. Notwithstanding that you
follow these procedures, the Payor will withhold (at the Withholding Rate) on
all payments made prior to the time a properly certified TIN is provided to the
Payor within 60 days.

Payees Exempt from Backup Withholding Penalties

  Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on All payments included
the following:

 . A corporation.
 . A financial institution.
 . An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a), or an individual
   retirement plan, or a custodian account under Section 403(b)(7).
 . The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
 . A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or
   any subdivision or instrumentality thereof.
 . A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or
   any agency or instrumentality thereof.
 . An international organization or any agency, or instrumentality thereof.
 . A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the United
   States or a possession of the United States.
 . A real estate investment trust.
 . A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a).
 . An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
 . A foreign central bank of issue.

- -------
  *Unless otherwise noted herein, all references below to section numbers or to
regulations are references to the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations
promulgated thereunder.

Certain exempt payees described above should file a Substitute Form W- 9 to
avoid possible erroneous backup withholding. (See Instruction 11 above). FILE
THIS FORM WITH THE PAYOR, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, WRITE
"EXEMPT" IN PART 2, SIGN AND DATE THE FORM AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYOR.

Certain payments other than interest, dividends, and patronage dividends that
are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup
withholding. For details, see the sections 6041, 6041A(a), 6042, 6044, 6045,
6049, 6050A and 6050N and the regulations thereunder.

  Privacy Act Notice.--Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend,
interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers
who must report the payments to IRS. IRS uses the numbers for identification
purposes and to help verify the accuracy of tax reforms. Payers must be given
the numbers whether or not recipients are required to file tax returns. Payers
must generally withhold at the Withholding Rate of taxable interest, dividend,
and certain other payments to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer
identification number to a payer. Certain penalties may also apply.

Penalties

  (1) Penalty for Failure to Furnish Taxpayer Identification Number.--If you
fail to furnish your correct taxpayer identification number to a payer, you are
subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to
reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.
  (2) Civil Penalty for False Statements With Respect to Withholding.--If you
make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition
of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.
  (3) Criminal Penalty for Falsifying Information.--If you willfully falsify
certifications or affirmations, you may be subject to criminal penalties
including fines and/or imprisonment.

FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE
SERVICE.

EX-99. (A)(1)(G)

dex99a1g.txt

PRESS RELEASE

                                                            EXHIBIT 99.(a)(1)(G)

CENDANT CORPORATION COMMENCES TENDER OFFER FOR ALL OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES OF
CHEAP TICKETS, INC. COMMON STOCK AT $16.50 PER SHARE

NEW YORK and HONOLULU, Aug. 23 -- Cendant Corporation (NYSE: CD) and Cheap
Tickets, Inc. (Nasdaq: CTIX) announced that Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant, is commencing today a cash tender offer
for all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Cheap Tickets at a price of
$16.50 per share.  The tender offer is being made pursuant to an Offer to
Purchase, dated August 23, 2001, and in connection with an Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated as of August 13, 2001 among Cendant, Diamondhead and Cheap Tickets.
The tender offer is scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time,
on Friday, September 21, 2001.

Certain stockholders owning approximately 47% of the outstanding common stock of
Cheap Tickets have agreed with Cendant to tender their shares in the tender
offer.

Following completion of the tender offer and receipt of stockholder approval, if
required, Cendant intends to consummate a merger in which Diamondhead will be
merged with and into Cheap Tickets.  Cheap Tickets will then be a wholly owned
subsidiary of Cendant.  Any remaining Cheap Tickets stockholders will receive
the same cash price paid in the tender offer.

The Board of Directors of Cheap Tickets has unanimously approved the Merger
Agreement and recommends that Cheap Tickets stockholders accept the offer and
tender their shares.

The tender offer is subject to conditions, including tender of that number of
shares of Cheap Tickets common stock that, when added to the shares beneficially
owned by Cendant, if any, represents at least a majority of the outstanding
common stock of Cheap Tickets on a fully diluted basis, expiration or
termination of any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvement Act of 1976, as amended, or under applicable foreign merger control
regulations, and to other customary conditions.

The Depositary for the tender offer is Mellon Investor Services, L.L.C., 85
Challenger Road, Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660.

The Dealer Manager for the tender offer is Goldman, Sachs & Co., 85 Broad
Street, New York, New York 10004.

The Information Agent for the tender offer is Georgeson Shareholder
Communications Inc., 17 State Street, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10004.

Cendant Corporation is primarily a provider of travel and residential real
estate services.  With approximately 57,000 employees, New York City-based
Cendant provides these services to businesses and consumers in over 100
countries.

More information about Cendant, its companies, brands and current SEC filings
may be obtained by visiting the Company's Web site at http://www.Cendant.com or
by calling 877-4INFO-CD (877-446-3623).

Cheap Tickets is a leading seller of discount leisure travel products, with the
majority of sales derived from non-published and published airline tickets both
on-line and off-line.  Cheap Tickets is one of the leading on-line travel
agencies, with over 3 million unique visitors per month.  On average, Cheap
Tickets sells one ticket every 10.5 seconds.  For 2001, Cheap Tickets expects
its annual gross travel bookings to exceed $800 million, and to generate in
excess of 8 million Global Distribution System (GDS) segments through 2.6
million transactions.  The company was founded in 1986 as a traditional travel
agency, and since launching its website in October 1997, Cheap Tickets has been
successful in deriving approximately 40 percent of its gross travel bookings
from its Internet channel.

Statements in this release which are not historical facts or information
constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements are based on current
expectations and the current economic environment.  Cendant and Cheap Tickets
caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance.  Actual
results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements.  Important assumptions and other important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-
looking statements are specified in Cendant's Form 10-K/A for the year ended
December 31, 2000, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 and
subsequently filed periodic reports, and in Cheap Tickets' Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
March 31, 2001 and subsequently filed periodic reports, if any.

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell securities of Cheap Tickets.  The tender offer is being made pursuant to
a tender offer statement and related materials.  Investors and security holders
are strongly advised to read both the tender offer statement and the
solicitation/recommendation statement regarding the tender offer referred to in
this press release, because they contain important information.  The tender
offer statement will be filed by Cendant with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), and the solicitation/recommendation statement will be filed by
Cheap Tickets with the SEC.  Investors and security holders may obtain a free
copy of these statements and other documents filed by Cendant and Cheap Tickets
at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

The tender offer statement and related materials may be obtained for free by
directing such requests to Georgeson Shareholder Communication Inc., 17 State
Street, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10004, or by calling toll free
(800) 223-2064.

EX-99.(A)(1)(I)

dex99a1i.txt

SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT

                                                             EXHIBIT 99(A)(1)(I)

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is made solely
by the Offer to Purchase, dated August 23, 2001 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and
 the related Letter of Transmittal and is being made to all holders of Shares.
The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf
 of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or
    the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of such
jurisdiction or any administrative or judicial action pursuant thereto. However,
the Purchaser (as defined below) may, in its discretion, take such action as it
may deem necessary to make the Offer in any jurisdiction and extend the Offer to
    holders of such Shares in such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where
 securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed
    broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of the
    Purchaser by Goldman, Sachs & Co. (the "Dealer Manager") or one or more
  registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.

                     Notice of Offer to Purchase for Cash
                    All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
                                      of
                             Cheap Tickets, Inc.
                           at $16.50 Net Per Share
                                      by
   Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant
                                 Corporation

Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Purchaser")
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Cendant" or "Parent"), is offering to purchase all issued and outstanding
shares of common stock ("Common Stock"), par value $0.001 (the "Shares"), of
Cheap Tickets, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), at a price of
$16.50 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of
Transmittal (which, together with any amendments or supplements thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer"). Tendering stockholders who have Shares
registered in their names and who tender directly to Mellon Investor Services,
LLC (the "Depositary") will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
commissions or, except as set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes
on the sale of Shares pursuant to the Offer. Stockholders who hold their Shares
through a broker or bank should consult such institution as to whether it
charges any service fees. The Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the Offer of the Dealer Manager, the Depositary, and
Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc., which is acting as the Information
Agent (the "Information Agent"). The Purchaser is offering to acquire all Shares
as a first step in acquiring the entire equity interest in the Company.
Following consummation of the Offer, the Purchaser intends to effect the merger
described below.

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2001, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (1) there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn on or prior to the expiration of the offer, that
number of Shares that, when added to the Shares then beneficially owned by
Parent or the Purchaser, if any, represents at least a majority of the Shares
outstanding on a fully diluted basis on the date of purchase and (2) the
expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended.

The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
August 13, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Parent, the Purchaser and
the Company, pursuant to which, as soon as practicable after the completion of
the Offer and satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of all conditions to the
Merger (as defined below), the Purchaser will be merged with and into the
Company and the separate corporate existence of the Purchaser will thereupon
cease. The merger of the Purchaser with and into the Company, as effected
pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, is referred to herein as the
"Merger," and the Company as the surviving corporation of the Merger is
sometimes herein referred to as the "Surviving Corporation." At the effective
time of the Merger (the "Effective Time"), each share of Common Stock then
outstanding (other than Shares held by Parent, the Purchaser or any other wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent) will be cancelled and retired and converted into the
right to receive $16.50 per Share, net to the seller in cash, or any higher
price per share of Common Stock paid in the Offer (such price being referred to
herein as the "Offer Price"), in cash payable to the holder thereof without
interest.

The Board of Directors of the Company, by unanimous vote of those present, (1)
determined that the terms of the Offer and the Merger are fair to and in the
best interests of the stockholders of the Company, (2) approved the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Offer and the
Merger, and (3) recommends that the stockholders of the Company accept the Offer
and tender their Shares to the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer.

As a condition and inducement to Parent's and the Purchaser's entering into the
Merger Agreement and incurring the liabilities therein, certain stockholders of
the Company (each, a "Stockholder"), who hold dispositive power with respect to
10,960,637 Shares (approximately 47% of the total currently outstanding),
immediately following the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement entered
into a Stockholder Agreement (the "Stockholder Agreement"), dated as of August
13, 2001, with Parent and the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Stockholder Agreement,
the Stockholders have agreed, among other things, to tender the Shares held by
them in the Offer, and to grant Parent a proxy with respect to the voting of
such Shares in favor of the Merger with respect to such Shares upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth therein. In addition, in the Stockholder
Agreement, each Stockholder has granted Parent an option (the "Stockholder
Option") to purchase all Shares beneficially owned or controlled by such
Stockholder as of the date of the Stockholder Agreement, or beneficially owned
or controlled by such Stockholder (including, without limitation, by way of
exercise of options, warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or by way of
dividend, distribution, exchange, merger, consolidation, recapitalization,
reorganization, stock split or otherwise), which option is generally exercisable
prior to termination of the Stockholder Agreement in the event either that a
Stockholder does not tender his, her or its Shares into the offer or withdraws
any Shares so tendered.

For purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for
payment, and thereby purchased, Shares properly tendered to the Purchaser and
not withdrawn as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the
Depositary of the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to
the Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment
for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of
the Offer Price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for
tendering Stockholders for the purpose of receiving payment from the Purchaser
and transmitting payment to tendering Stockholders. Under no circumstances will
interest be paid on the Offer Price to be paid by the Purchaser for the Shares,
regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment. In
all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be
made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates

representing (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to) such Shares,
(ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly
executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-
entry transfer, an Agent's Message, and (iii) any other documents required by
the Letter of Transmittal.

If on the Expiration Date as defined below, all conditions to the Offer required
by the Merger Agreement to have been satisfied have not been satisfied or
waived, the Purchaser may, from time to time, in its sole discretion, extend the
Offer for such period as the Purchaser may determine, (b) the Purchaser may, in
its sole discretion, provide a "Subsequent Offering Period" in accordance with
Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act and (c) the Purchaser may, in its sole
discretion, extend the Offer for any reason on one or more occasions for an
aggregate period of not more than 10 business days beyond the latest expiration
date of the Offer that would otherwise be permitted under clause (a) or (b) of
this sentence if, on such expiration date, there have not been tendered at least
90% of the outstanding Shares; provided, further, that Purchaser's decision to
extend the Offer in the case of this clause (c) will, except as provided by the
Merger Agreement, constitute a waiver of each Offer Condition. The Merger
Agreement also provides that (a) if at any scheduled expiration date of the
Offer the waiting period applicable under the HSR Act or any comparable
provision of foreign law has not expired or terminated, the Company may require
Parent and Purchaser to extend the Offer, in increments of not more than 10
business days, up to November 30, 2001, or, if elected by us or by the Company
pursuant to the Merger Agreement, up to January 21, 2002, subject to the right
of Parent, Purchaser and the Company to terminate the Merger Agreement in
accordance with its terms; (b) if at any scheduled expiration date of the Offer
the condition listed in paragraph (g) of Section 14 "Certain Conditions of this
Offer" has not been satisfied, the Company may require Parent and Purchaser to
extend the Offer to a date that is not more than 10 days after the previously
scheduled expiration date, subject to the right of Parent, Purchaser and the
Company to terminate the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms; and (c)
if at any scheduled expiration date of the Offer the Minimum Condition or either
of the conditions listed in paragraphs (c) or (d) of Section 14 "Certain
Conditions of this Offer" have not been satisfied, the Company may require us to
extend the Offer, in increments of not more than 10 business days, to a date not
more than 50 days later than the date on which the Offer is commenced, subject
to the right of Parent, Purchaser and the Company to terminate the Merger
Agreement in accordance with its terms. The term "Expiration Date" shall mean
12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on September 21, 2001, unless and until the
Purchaser, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, extends the
period of time for which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration
Date" shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by
the Purchaser, shall expire.

Any extension, amendment or termination of the Offer will be followed as
promptly as practicable by public announcement thereof, the announcement in the
case of an extension to be issued no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time,
on the next business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date in
accordance with the public announcement requirements of Rule 14d-4(c) under the
Exchange Act.

Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer may be withdrawn (pursuant to the
procedures set forth below) at any time prior to the Expiration Date and, unless
theretofore accepted for payment and paid for by the Purchaser pursuant to the
Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after October 21, 2001 until we accept
them for payment. No withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered into a
Subsequent Offering Period under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act, and no
withdrawal rights apply during a Subsequent Offering Period under Rule 14d-11
with respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. For a

withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile transmission
notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase and must specify
the name of the person who tendered the Shares to be withdrawn, the number of
Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of the Shares to be
withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who tendered the Shares. If
certificates representing Shares have been delivered or otherwise identified to
the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such certificates, the
serial numbers shown on such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary
and, unless such Shares have been tendered by an Eligible Institution (a
financial institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan
associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security
Transfer Agent's Medallion Program, or any other "eligible guarantor institute",
as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act), the signatures
on the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If
Shares have been tendered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer as
set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must
also specify the name and number of the account at the appropriate Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares and otherwise comply
with such Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of
Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter
be deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn
Shares may be retendered by again following one of the procedures described in
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase any time prior to the Expiration Date. All
questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of notices of
withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole discretion, and its
determination will be final and binding.

The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be a
taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and may also
be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign tax laws.
Stockholders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the particular tax
consequences of the Offer and the Merger to them, including the applicability
and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local or foreign income
and other tax laws and of changes in such tax laws. For a more complete
description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the
Merger, see Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase.

The information required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule 14d-6 of
the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by
reference.

The Company has provided the Purchaser with the Company's stockholder lists and
security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders
of Shares. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and other
relevant documents will be mailed by the Purchaser to record holders of Shares,
and will be furnished by the Purchaser to brokers, dealers, banks and similar
persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the stockholder
lists, or, if applicable, who are listed as participants in a clearing agency's
security position listing, for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of
Shares.

The Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal contain important
information and should be read in their entirety before any decision is made
with respect to the Offer.

Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer to
Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer documents may be directed
to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager at the respective addresses and
telephone numbers set forth below, and copies will be furnished at the
Purchaser's expense. The Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any

broker or dealer or other person (other than the Dealer Manager) for soliciting
tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                          Georgeson Shareholder LOGO

                          17 State Street, 10th Floor
                           New York, New York 10004
                Banks and Brokers call collect: (212) 440-9800
                   All Others Call Toll Free: (800) 223-2064
                     The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:
                             Goldman, Sachs & Co.
                                 85 Broad St.
                           New York, New York 10004
                         (212) 902-1000 (Call Collect)
                          (800) 323-5678 (Toll-Free)

August 23, 2001

EX-99.(A)(1)(J)

dex99a1j.txt

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

                                                            EXHIBIT 99.(a)(1)(J)
                            [LOGO OF CHEAP TICKETS]

                                          August 23, 2001

Dear Stockholder:

     We are pleased to inform you that on August 13, 2001, Cheap Tickets, Inc.
("Cheap Tickets") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger
Agreement") with Cendant Corporation ("Cendant"), a Delaware corporation, and
Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation ("Purchaser"), a Delaware corporation and
wholly-owned subsidiary of Cendant. The Merger Agreement provides for the
acquisition of Cheap Tickets by Cendant.

     Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser has commenced today a
tender offer to purchase all outstanding shares of Cheap Tickets common stock
at a price of $16.50 per share, net to tendering stockholders in cash. The
tender offer is currently scheduled to expire at 12:00 o'clock midnight, New
York time, on Friday, September 21, 2001. Michael J. Hartley, the Executive
Chairman of the Board of Cheap Tickets, has agreed with Cendant to tender his
shares of Cheap Tickets common stock into the tender offer by Cendant.
Following the successful completion of the tender offer, the Purchaser will be
merged into Cheap Tickets and all shares of Cheap Tickets common stock not
purchased in the tender offer (other than shares held by stockholders who
perfect appraisal rights under Delaware Law, if applicable) will be converted
into the right to receive in cash the same price per share as paid in the
tender offer.

     Your Board of Directors has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the
tender offer and the merger and has determined that the Merger Agreement, the
tender offer and the merger are fair to and in the best interests of holders of
Cheap Tickets' common stock. Accordingly, the Board of Directors recommends
that you accept the tender offer and tender your Cheap Tickets stock to
Purchaser pursuant to the tender offer.

     In arriving at their recommendations, the Board of Directors gave careful
consideration to a number of factors that are described in the enclosed
Schedule 14D-9. Included as Schedule II to the Schedule 14D-9 is the written
opinion, dated August 13, 2001, to the Board of Directors of CIBC World Markets
Corp., Cheap Tickets' financial advisor, to the effect that, as of that date
and based upon and subject to certain matters stated in such opinion, the
$16.50 per share cash consideration to be received in the tender offer and the
merger, taken together, by holders of Cheap Tickets common stock (other than
Cendant and its affiliates) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such
holders.

     Also accompanying this letter is a copy of Purchaser's Offer to Purchase
and related materials, including a letter of transmittal for use in tendering
your shares. These documents set forth the terms and conditions of Purchaser's
tender offer and provide instructions as to how to tender your shares. We urge
you to read each of the enclosed materials carefully.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          /s/ Sam E. Galeotos
                                          Sam E. Galeotos
                                          Chief Executive Officer and
                                           President

EX-99.(D)(1)

dex99d1.txt

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                                             EXHIBIT 99(D)(1)

                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                 by and among

                              CENDANT CORPORATION

                      DIAMONDHEAD ACQUISITION CORPORATION

                                      and

                             CHEAP TICKETS, INC.

                                     dated

                                August 13, 2001

                            Index of Defined Terms
                            ----------------------

Defined Term                         Section No.
- ------------                       ---------------

Acquisition Agreement............          5.3(d)
Acquisition Proposal.............             5.1
Acquisition Proposal Interest....             5.1
Affiliated Group.................   3.13(a)(viii)
Agreement........................        Recitals
Appointment Date.................             5.2
Assignee.........................            9.10
Average Premium..................          6.7(c)
Balance Sheet Date...............             3.9
Benefit Plans....................         3.12(a)
Certificate of Merger............             1.5
Certificates.....................          2.2(b)
CIBC World Markets...............            3.24
Closing..........................             1.6
Closing Date.....................             1.6
Code.............................         3.12(a)
Common Stock.....................          3.3(a)
Company..........................        Recitals
Company Agreements...............             3.7
Company Board of Directors.......        Recitals
Company Disclosure Schedule......     Article III
Company Material Adverse Change..          3.1(a)
Company Material Adverse Effect..          3.1(a)
Company SEC Documents............             3.8
Company Stock Option.............             2.4
Company Stock Option Plans.......             2.4
Company Subsidiary...............          3.2(a)
Confidentiality Agreement........          5.3(b)
Copyrights.......................         3.17(a)
D&O Insurance....................          6.7(c)
DGCL.............................        Recitals
Dissenting Shares................          2.3(a)
Effective Time...................             1.5

Encumbrances........................     3.2(a)
Environmental Claims................       3.21
Environmental Laws..................       3.21
ERISA...............................    3.12(a)
ERISA Affiliate.....................    3.12(a)
Exchange Act........................     1.1(a)
Financial Statements................        3.8
GAAP................................        3.8
Governmental Entity.................        3.7
HSR Act.............................        3.7
Hyperion............................     6.5(c)
Independent Directors...............     1.3(b)
Expiration Date.....................     1.1(a)
Intellectual Property...............    3.17(a)
Leased Real Property................    3.15(b)
License Agreements..................    3.17(c)
Materials of Environmental Concern..       3.21
Merger..............................     1.4(a)
Merger Consideration................     2.1(c)
Minimum Condition...................     1.1(a)
Offer...............................   Recitals
Offer Conditions....................     1.1(a)
Offer Documents.....................     1.1(b)
Offer Price.........................   Recitals
Offer to Purchase...................     1.1(a)
Owned Real Property.................    3.15(a)
Parent..............................   Recitals
Patents.............................    3.17(a)
Paying Agent........................     2.2(a)
Pension Plans.......................    3.12(a)
Permitted Liens.....................    3.15(a)
Person..............................     3.2(a)
Preferred Stock.....................     3.3(a)
Proprietary Software................    3.17(b)
Proxy Statement..................... 1.9(a)(ii)
Purchaser...........................   Recitals
Purchaser Common Stock..............        2.1
Real Property.......................    3.15(b)

Regulation M-A......................       1.1(b)
Representatives.....................       5.3(a)
Schedule 14D-9......................       1.2(a)
Schedule TO.........................       1.1(b)
SEC.................................       1.1(b)
Securities Act......................          3.8
Stockholder.........................     Recitals
Stockholder Agreement...............     Recitals
Shares..............................     Recitals
Software............................      3.17(a)
Special Meeting.....................    1.9(a)(i)
Subsidiary..........................       3.2(a)
Superior Proposal...................       5.3(b)
Surviving Corporation...............       1.4(a)
Takeover Proposal...................       5.3(b)
Tax.................................      3.13(b)
Tax Authority.......................      3.13(b)
Tax Claim........................... 3.13(a)(iii)
Tax Returns.........................      3.13(b)
Taxes...............................      3.13(b)
Termination Fee.....................          3.5
Trade Secrets.......................      3.17(a)
Trademarks..........................      3.17(a)
Transactions........................          3.4
Voting Debt.........................       3.3(a)
Warrant.............................       3.3(a)

                             AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (hereinafter referred to as this
"Agreement"), dated August 13, 2001, by and among Cendant Corporation, a
- ----------
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Diamondhead Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware
                       ------
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the "Purchaser"), and Cheap
                                                          ---------
Tickets, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").
                                            -------

          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of each of Parent, the Purchaser and
the Company has approved, and deems it advisable and in the best interests of
its respective stockholders to consummate, the acquisition of the Company by
Parent upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;

          WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof, it is proposed that Purchaser make a
cash tender offer (the "Offer") to acquire all shares of the issued and
                        -----
outstanding common stock, par value $0.001, of the Company (the "Shares"), for
                                                                 ------
$16.50 per share, net to the seller in cash (such price, or any such higher
price per Share as may be paid in the Offer, referred to herein as the "Offer
                                                                        -----
Price");
- -----

          WHEREAS, also in furtherance of such acquisition, the Board of
Directors of each of Parent, Purchaser and the Company has approved this
Agreement and the Merger (as defined in Section 1.4) following the Offer in
accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the

"DGCL") and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;
 ----

          WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Company Board of
                                                               ----------------
Directors") has determined that the consideration to be paid for each Share in
- ---------
the Offer and the Merger is fair to the holders of such Shares and has resolved
to recommend that the holders of such Shares accept the Offer and approve this
Agreement and each of the Transactions (as defined in Section 3.4) upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;

          WHEREAS, as a condition and further inducement to Parent and the
Purchaser to enter into this Agreement and incur the obligations set forth
herein, certain stockholders of the Company (each, a "Stockholder") concurrently
                                                      -----------
herewith are entering into a Stockholder Agreement (the "Stockholder
                                                         -----------
Agreement"), dated as of the date hereof, with Parent and the Purchaser, in the
form attached hereto as

Exhibit A, pursuant to which each such Stockholder has agreed, among other
things, to tender such Stockholder's Shares in the Offer, to grant to Parent the
option to purchase such Shares under certain circumstances upon payment by
Parent of the Offer Price, and to grant Parent a proxy with respect to the
voting of such Shares in favor of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth therein; and

          WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and Purchaser desire to make certain
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in connection with the
Offer and the Merger.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the
parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                              THE OFFER AND MERGER

          Section 1.1  The Offer.  (a)  Provided that this Agreement shall not
                       ---------
have been terminated in accordance with Section 8.1 and none of the events set
forth in Annex I hereto shall have occurred and be continuing, as promptly as
practicable, and, in any event, within eight (8) business days of the date
hereof, the Purchaser shall commence (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) the Offer to
                                                  ------------
purchase for cash all Shares at the Offer Price, subject only to (i) there being
validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the Offer that
number of Shares which, together with the Shares then beneficially owned by
Parent or the Purchaser, represents at least a majority of the Shares
outstanding on a fully-diluted basis, assuming the exercise of all options,
warrants, rights and convertible securities outstanding on the Expiration Date
(the "Minimum Condition") and (ii) the other conditions set forth in Annex I
      -----------------
hereto (the Minimum Condition, together with such other conditions set forth in
Annex I, collectively, the "Offer Conditions").  Subject to the prior
                            ----------------
satisfaction or waiver by Parent or the Purchaser of the Offer Conditions, the
Purchaser shall consummate the Offer in accordance with its terms and accept for
payment and pay for all Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer as soon as
Purchaser is legally permitted to do so under applicable law.  The obligations
of the Purchaser to commence the Offer and accept for payment and pay for any
Shares validly tendered on or prior to the expiration of the Offer and not
withdrawn shall be subject only to the Offer Conditions.  The Offer shall be
made by means of an offer to purchase (the "Offer to Purchase") that contains
                                            -----------------
the terms set forth in this Agreement and the Offer Conditions.  The Purchaser
shall not amend or waive the Minimum Condition, decrease the Offer Price, change
the form of consideration payable in the Offer, decrease the number of Shares
sought in the Offer, impose additional conditions to the Offer, extend the Offer
beyond the date that is twenty (20) business days after commencement of the
Offer or the last day of the last extension (in accordance with this Section
1.1), if any, of the Offer, whichever is later (the "Expiration Date") except as
                                                     ---------------
set forth below or amend any other condition of the Offer in any manner adverse
to the holders of the Shares without the prior written consent of the Company
(such consent to be authorized by the Company Board of Directors or a duly
authorized committee thereof), provided, however, that (x) if on the Expiration
                               --------  -------
Date, all Offer Conditions shall not have been satisfied or waived, the
Purchaser may, from time to time, in its sole discretion, extend the Offer for
such period as the Purchaser may determine, (y) the Purchaser may, in its sole
discretion, provide a

"subsequent offering period" in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange
Act or (z) the Purchaser may, in its sole discretion, extend the Offer for any
reason on one or more occasions for an aggregate period of not more than 10
business days beyond the latest expiration date of the Offer that would
otherwise be permitted under clause (x) or (y) of this sentence if, on such
expiration date, there have not been tendered at least 90% of the outstanding
Shares; provided, further, however, that Purchaser's decision to extend the
        --------  -------  -------
Offer in the case of this clause (z) shall constitute a waiver of each Offer
Condition (other than the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b)). In
addition, the Purchaser may increase the Offer Price and extend the Offer to the
extent required by law in connection with such increase, in each case in its
sole discretion and without the Company's consent. Parent and Purchaser agree
that if at any scheduled Expiration Date of the Offer, the Minimum Condition,
the HSR Condition or any of the conditions set forth in paragraphs (c), (d) or
(g) of Annex 1 (but, in the case of failure of the condition set forth in
paragraph (d) of Annex 1, only where such failure is due to an unintentional
breach by the Company of the representations and warranties referred to therein)
shall not have been satisfied, but at such scheduled Expiration Date all of the
other Offer Conditions shall then be satisfied, or if not then satisfied (but
not including for such purposes the conditions set forth in paragraphs (e) of
Annex I which must be satisfied at the time of each request of the Company
pursuant to this sentence), are in Parent's good faith belief reasonably capable
of being satisfied, as to each of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) below, prior to
the date which is indicated in each such clause as the latest date to which the
Offer may be extended pursuant to such clause, then, at the request of the
Company (confirmed in writing and received at least 24 hours prior to the then
scheduled Expiration Date), Purchaser shall extend the Offer from time to time
(each such individual extension not to exceed ten business days after the
previously scheduled expiration date, unless the parties otherwise agree), but
(i) in the case of the non-satisfaction of the HSR Condition only, to a date
that is no later than the Initial Drop Dead Date, or, in the case of the
election of Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 8.1(c)(iv), to the Second
Drop Dead Date, subject in each case to any right of Parent, Purchaser or the
Company to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof and (ii) in the
case of condition set forth in paragraph (g) of Annex 1, to a date which is no
later than the date which is ten (10) days after the previously scheduled
Expiration Date, subject to any right of Parent, Purchaser or the Company to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to the terms hereof, and (iii) in all other
cases, to a date that is no later than the date which is fifty (50) days after
the date on which the Offer is commenced, subject to any right of Parent,
Purchaser or the Company to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the terms
hereof.

          (b) As soon as practicable on the date the Offer is commenced, Parent
and the Purchaser shall file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the

"SEC"), pursuant to Regulation M-A under the Exchange Act ("Regulation M-A"), a
 ---                                                        --------------
Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with respect to the Offer (together with
all amendments, supplements and exhibits thereto, the "Schedule TO").  The
                                                       -----------
Schedule TO shall include the summary term sheet required under Regulation M-A
and, as exhibits, the Offer to Purchase and a form of letter of transmittal and
summary advertisement (collectively, together with any amendments and
supplements thereto, the "Offer Documents").  Parent and the Purchaser agree to
                          ---------------
take all steps necessary to cause the Offer Documents to be filed with the SEC
and disseminated to holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent
required by applicable federal securities laws.  Parent and the Purchaser, on
the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, agree to promptly correct any
information provided by it for use in the Offer Documents if and to the extent
that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect or as
otherwise required by law.  The Purchaser further agrees to take all steps
necessary to cause the Offer Documents as so corrected to be filed with the SEC
and disseminated to holders of Shares, in each case as and to the extent
required by applicable federal securities laws.  The Company and its counsel
shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review the Schedule TO before it is
filed with the SEC.  In addition, Parent and the Purchaser agree to provide the
Company and its counsel in writing with any comments, whether written or oral,
that Parent, the Purchaser or their counsel may receive from time to time from
the SEC or its staff with respect to the Offer Documents promptly after Parent's
or the Purchaser's, as the case may be, receipt of such comments, and any
written or oral responses thereto.

          (c) Parent shall provide or cause to be provided to Purchaser on a
timely basis funds necessary to accept for payment, and to pay for, any Shares
that Parent becomes obligated to accept for payment, and pay for, pursuant to
the Offer.

          (d) Parent or Purchaser shall engage an information agent in
connection with the Offer.

          Section 1.2  Company Actions.  (a) In a manner in compliance with the
                       ---------------
Exchange Act and the Securities Act, with regards to timeliness, among other
things, the Company shall, in a manner that complies with Rule 14d-9 under the
Exchange Act, file with the SEC a Tender Offer Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (together with all amendments, supplements and
exhibits thereto, the "Schedule 14D-9") that shall, subject to the provisions of
                       --------------

Section 5.3(c), contain the recommendation referred to in clause (iii) of
Section 3.5.  The Company further agrees to take all steps necessary to cause
the Schedule 14D-9 to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to holders of
Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable federal
securities laws.  The Company, on the one hand, and Parent and the Purchaser, on
the other hand, agree to promptly correct any information provided by it for use
in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that it shall have become false or
misleading in any material respect or as otherwise required by law.  The Company
agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected
to be filed with the SEC and disseminated to holders of the Shares, in each case
as and to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws.  Parent,
the Purchaser and their counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to
review the Schedule 14D-9 before it is filed with the SEC.  In addition, the
Company agrees to provide Parent, the Purchaser and their counsel in writing
with any comments, whether written or oral, that the Company or its counsel may
receive from time to time from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule
14D-9 promptly after the Company's receipt of such comments, and any written or
oral responses thereto.

          (b) In connection with the Offer, the Company shall promptly furnish
or cause to be furnished to the Purchaser mailing labels, security position
listings and any available listing or computer file containing the names and
addresses of the record holders of the Shares as of a recent date, and shall
promptly furnish the Purchaser with such information and assistance (including,
but not limited to, lists of holders of the Shares, updated daily, and their
addresses, mailing labels and lists of security positions) as the Purchaser or
its agent may reasonably request for the purpose of communicating the Offer to
the record and beneficial holders of the Shares.  Subject to the requirements of
applicable law, and except for such steps as are necessary to disseminate the
Offer Documents and any other documents necessary to consummate the Merger,
Parent and Purchaser shall, and shall cause their agents to, hold in confidence
the information contained in any such labels, listings and files, use such
information only in connection with the Offer and the Merger and, if this
Agreement is terminated, upon request, deliver, and use their reasonable efforts
to cause their agents to deliver, to the Company all copies of such information
then in their possession or control.

          Section 1.3  Directors.  (a) Promptly upon the purchase of and payment
                       ---------
for any Shares by Parent or the Purchaser which represents at least a majority
of the outstanding Shares (on a fully-diluted basis), Parent shall be entitled
to elect or designate such number of directors, rounded up to the next whole
number,

on the Company Board of Directors as is equal to the product of the total number
of directors on the Company Board of Directors (giving effect to the directors
elected or designated by Parent pursuant to this sentence) multiplied by the
percentage that the aggregate number of Shares owned by the Purchaser, Parent
and any of their affiliates bears to the total number of Shares then
outstanding. The Company shall, upon Parent's request, use its reasonable
efforts either to promptly increase the size of the Company Board of Directors,
including by amending the Bylaws of the Company if necessary so as to increase
the size of the Company Board of Directors, or promptly secure the resignations
of such number of its incumbent directors, or both, as is necessary to enable
Parent's designees to be so elected or designated to the Company's Board of
Directors, and shall use its reasonable efforts to cause Parent's designees to
be so elected or designated at such time. At such time, the Company shall, upon
Parent's request, also cause persons elected or designated by Parent to
constitute the same percentage (rounded up to the next whole number) as is on
the Company Board of Directors of (i) each committee of the Company Board of
Directors, (ii) each board of directors (or similar body) of each Company
Subsidiary (as defined in Section 3.2), and (iii) each committee (or similar
body) of each such board, in each case only to the extent permitted by
applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which the Company Common
Stock is listed. The Company's obligations under this Section 1.3(a) shall be
subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated
thereunder. The Company shall promptly upon execution of this Agreement take all
actions required pursuant to such Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 in order to
fulfill its obligations under this Section 1.3(a), including, but not limited
to, mailing to stockholders (together with the Schedule 14D-9) the information
required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 as is necessary to enable Parent's
designees to be elected or designated to the Company Board of Directors. Parent
or the Purchaser shall supply the Company with information with respect to
either of them and their nominees, officers, directors and affiliates to the
extent required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1. The provisions of this Section
1.3(a) are in addition to and shall not limit any rights that any of the
Purchaser, Parent or any of their respective affiliates may have as a holder or
beneficial owner of Shares as a matter of law with respect to the election of
directors or otherwise.

          (b) In the event that Parent's designees are elected or designated to
the Company Board of Directors, then, until the Effective Time, the Company
shall cause the Company Board of Directors to have at least two directors who
are non-executive directors (the "Independent Directors"); provided, however,
                                  ---------------------    --------  -------
that if any Independent Director is unable to serve due to death or disability,
the remaining Independent Director(s) shall be entitled to elect or designate
another person (or

persons), who is not a current or former executive of the Company ("Non-
Executive"), and such non-executive person (or persons) shall be deemed to be an
Independent Director for purposes of this Agreement. If no Independent Director
then remains, the other directors shall designate two persons who are Non-
Executives on the date hereof (or, in the event there shall be less than two
directors who are Non-Executive Directors on the date hereof available to fill
such vacancies as a result of such persons' deaths, disabilities or refusals to
serve, such number of other Non-Executives who are willing to fill such
vacancies) and such Non-Executives shall be deemed Independent Directors for
purposes of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, if Parent's designees constitute a majority of the Company Board of
Directors after the acceptance for payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer and
prior to the Effective Time, then the affirmative vote of a majority of the
Independent Directors (or if only one exists, then the vote of such Independent
Director) shall be required to (i) amend or terminate this Agreement by the
Company, (ii) exercise or waive any of the Company's rights, benefits or
remedies hereunder, if such action would materially and adversely affect holders
of Shares other than Parent or Purchaser, (iii) amend the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company if such action would materially and
adversely affect holders of Shares other than Parent or Purchaser, or (iv) take
any other action of the Company Board of Directors under or in connection with
this Agreement if such action would materially and adversely affect holders of
Shares other than Parent or Purchaser; provided, however, that if there
                                       --------  -------
shall be no Independent Directors as a result of such persons' deaths,
disabilities or refusal to serve, then such actions may be effected by majority
vote of the entire Company Board of Directors.

          Section 1.4  The Merger.  (a)  Subject to the terms and conditions of
                       ----------
this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.5), the Company
and the Purchaser shall consummate a merger (the "Merger") pursuant to which (i)
                                                  ------
the Purchaser shall be merged with and into the Company and the separate
corporate existence of the Purchaser shall thereupon cease, (ii) the Company
shall be the successor or surviving corporation in the Merger and shall continue
to be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, and (iii) the separate
corporate existence of the Company with all its rights, privileges, immunities,
powers and franchises shall continue unaffected by the Merger.  The corporation
surviving the Merger is sometimes hereinafter referred to as the "Surviving
                                                                  ---------
Corporation."  The Merger shall have the effects set forth in the DGCL.
- -----------

          (b) The Certificate of Incorporation of the Purchaser, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, except as to the name of the
Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended as provided by law and such
Certificate of Incorporation.

          (c) The Bylaws of the Purchaser, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, except as to
the name of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended as provided by
law, the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such
Bylaws.

          Section 1.5  Effective Time.  Parent, the Purchaser and the Company
                       --------------
shall cause an appropriate Certificate of Merger (the "Certificate of Merger")
                                                       ---------------------
to be executed and filed on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.6) (or on
such other date as Parent and the Company may agree) with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware as provided in the DGCL.  The Merger shall become
effective on the date on which the Certificate of Merger has been duly filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware or such time as is agreed
upon by the parties and specified in the Certificate of Merger, such time
hereinafter referred to as the "Effective Time."
                                --------------

          Section 1.6  Closing.  The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will
                       -------                                   -------
take place at 10:00 a.m., west coast time, on a date to be specified by the
parties, such date to be no later than the second business day after
satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions set forth in Article VII (the
"Closing Date"), at the offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, 525
 ------------
University Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94301, unless another date or place is
agreed to in writing by the parties hereto.

          Section 1.7  Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation.  The
                       ---------------------------------------------------
directors of the Purchaser immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, from
and after the Effective Time, be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, and
the officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, from
and after the Effective Time, be the officers of the Surviving Corporation, in
each case until their respective successors shall have been duly elected,
designated or qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in
accordance with the Surviving Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws.

          Section 1.8  Subsequent Actions.  If at any time after the Effective
                       ------------------
Time the Surviving Corporation shall determine, in its sole discretion, or shall
be advised, that any deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assurances or any other
actions or things are necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm of
record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation its right, title or interest
in, to or under any of the rights, properties or assets of either of the Company
or the Purchaser acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a
result of, or in connection with, the Merger or otherwise to carry out this
Agreement, then the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be
authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of either the
Company or the Purchaser, all such deeds, bills of sale, instruments of
conveyance, assignments and assurances and to take and do, in the name and on
behalf of each of such corporations or otherwise, all such other actions and
things as may be necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm any and all
right, title or interest in, to and under such rights, properties or assets in
the Surviving Corporation or otherwise to carry out this Agreement.

          Section 1.9  Stockholders' Meeting.  (a)  If required by applicable
                       ---------------------
law in order to consummate the Merger, the Company, acting through the Company
Board of Directors, shall, in accordance with applicable law:

               (i)  duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a special
     meeting of its stockholders (the "Special Meeting") as soon as reasonably
                                       ---------------
     practicable following the acceptance for payment and purchase of Shares by
     the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer for the purpose of considering and
     taking action upon this Agreement;

               (ii)  prepare and file with the SEC a preliminary proxy or
     information statement relating to the Merger and this Agreement and use its
     reasonable efforts to obtain and furnish the information required to be
     included by the SEC in the Proxy Statement (as hereinafter defined) and,
     after consultation with Parent, respond promptly to any comments made by
     the SEC with respect to the preliminary proxy or information statement and
     cause a definitive proxy or information statement (the "Proxy Statement")
                                                             ---------------
     to be mailed to its stockholders;

               (iii)  unless the Company Board of Directors determines in good
     faith, following the advice from outside counsel, that to do so is
     reasonably likely to cause it to violate its fiduciary duties to the
     Company

     stockholders under applicable law, include in the Proxy Statement the
     recommendation of the Company Board of Directors that stockholders of the
     Company vote in favor of the approval of the Merger and the adoption of
     this Agreement; and

               (iv)  unless the Company Board of Directors determines in good
     faith, following the advice from outside counsel, that to do so is
     reasonably likely to cause it to violate its fiduciary duties to the
     Company stockholders under applicable law, use its reasonable efforts to
     solicit from holders of Shares proxies in favor of the Merger and take all
     other action reasonably necessary or advisable to secure the approval of
     stockholders required by the DGCL and any other applicable law to effect
     the Merger.

          (b) Parent agrees to vote, or cause to be voted, all of the Shares
then owned by it, the Purchaser or any of its other subsidiaries and affiliates
in favor of the approval of the Merger and the adoption of this Agreement.

          Section 1.10  Merger Without Meeting of Stockholders. Notwithstanding
                        --------------------------------------
Section 1.9, in the event that Parent, the Purchaser or any other subsidiary of
Parent shall acquire at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of
capital stock of the Company, pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, the parties
hereto agree, subject to Article VII, to take all necessary and appropriate
action to cause the Merger to become effective as soon as practicable after such
acquisition, without a meeting of stockholders of the Company, in accordance
with Section 253 of the DGCL.

                                  ARTICLE II

                           CONVERSION OF SECURITIES

          Section 2.1  Conversion of Capital Stock.  As of the Effective Time,
                       ---------------------------
by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders of any
Shares or common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Purchaser (the
"Purchaser Common Stock"):
 ----------------------

          (a) Purchaser Common Stock.  Each issued and outstanding share of
              ----------------------
Purchaser Common Stock shall be converted into and become one fully paid and
nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

          (b) Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock.  All Shares
              -----------------------------------------------------
that are owned by the Company as treasury stock and any Shares owned by Parent,
the Purchaser or any other wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent shall be cancelled
and retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in
exchange therefor.

          (c) Conversion of Shares.  Each issued and outstanding Share (other
              --------------------
than Shares to be cancelled in accordance with Section 2.1(b) and other than
Dissenting Shares (as defined in Section 2.3)) shall be converted into the right
to receive the Offer Price, payable to the holder thereof in cash, without
interest (the "Merger Consideration").  From and after the Effective Time, all
               --------------------
such Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled
and retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate
representing any such Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect
thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration therefor upon the
surrender of such certificate in accordance with Section 2.2, without interest
thereon.

          (d) Conversion of Stock Options.  Each Company Stock Option (as
              ---------------------------
hereinafter defined) shall be treated in accordance with Section 2.4 below.

          Section 2.2  Exchange of Certificates.  (a)  Paying Agent.  Parent
                       ------------------------        ------------
shall designate a bank or trust company to act as agent for the holders of
Shares in connection with the Merger (the "Paying Agent") and to receive the
                                           ------------
funds to which holders of Shares shall become entitled pursuant to Section
2.1(c).  Prior to the Effective Time, Parent or the Purchaser shall deposit, or
cause to be deposited, with the Paying Agent the aggregate Merger Consideration.
For purposes of determining the amount of Merger Consideration to be so
deposited, Parent and the Purchaser shall assume that no stockholder of the
Company will perfect any right to appraisal of his, her or its Shares.  Such
funds shall be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by Parent or the
Surviving Corporation, in its sole discretion, pending payment thereof by the
Paying Agent to the holders of the Shares.  Earnings from such investments shall
be the sole and exclusive property of Parent and the Surviving Corporation, and
no part of such earnings shall accrue to the benefit of holders of Shares.

          (b) Exchange Procedures.  Promptly after the Effective Time, the
              -------------------
Paying Agent shall mail to each holder of record of a certificate or
certificates, which

immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding Shares
(the "Certificates"), whose shares were converted pursuant to
      ------------
Section 2.1 into the right to receive the Merger Consideration (i) a letter of
transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates to the Paying Agent and shall be in such form and have such other
provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for effecting
the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for payment of the Merger
Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancellation to the Paying
Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together
with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration for
each Share formerly represented by such Certificate and the Certificate so
surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. If payment of the Merger Consideration
is to be made to a Person other than the Person in whose name the surrendered
Certificate is registered, it shall be a condition precedent of payment that (x)
the Certificate so surrendered shall be properly endorsed or shall be otherwise
in proper form for transfer, and (y) the Person requesting such payment shall
have paid any transfer and other taxes required by reason of the payment of the
Merger Consideration to a Person other than the registered holder of the
Certificate surrendered or shall have established to the satisfaction of the
Surviving Corporation that such tax either has been paid or is not required to
be paid. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.2, each Certificate
shall be deemed at any time after the Effective Time to represent only the right
to receive the Merger Consideration in cash as contemplated by this Section 2.2,
without interest thereon.

          (c) Transfer Books; No Further Ownership Rights in Shares.  At the
              -----------------------------------------------------
Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and
thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers of Shares on the
records of the Company.  From and after the Effective Time, the holders of
Certificates evidencing ownership of Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such Shares,
except as otherwise provided for herein or by applicable law.  If, after the
Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any
reason, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this Article II.

          (d) Termination of Fund; No Liability.  At any time following six
              ---------------------------------
months after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to
require the Paying Agent to deliver to it any funds (including any interest
received with respect thereto) made available to the Paying Agent and not
disbursed (or for which disbursement is pending subject only to the Paying
Agent's routine

administrative procedures) to holders of Certificates, and thereafter such
holders shall be entitled to look only to the Surviving Corporation (subject to
abandoned property, escheat or other similar laws) only as general creditors
thereof with respect to the Merger Consideration payable upon due surrender of
their Certificates, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither the Surviving Corporation nor the Paying Agent shall be liable to any
holder of a Certificate for Merger Consideration delivered to a public official
pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

          Section 2.3  Dissenting Shares.  (a)  Notwithstanding anything in
                       -----------------
this Agreement to the contrary, Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time and held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the Merger or
consented thereto in writing and who has complied with Section 262 of the DGCL
("Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into a right to receive the Merger
  -----------------
Consideration, unless such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or otherwise
loses his or her right to appraisal.  A holder of Dissenting Shares shall be
entitled to receive payment of the appraised value of such Shares held by him or
her in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, unless, after the Effective
Time, such holder fails to perfect or withdraws or loses his or her right to
appraisal, in which case such Shares shall be converted into and represent only
the right to receive the Merger Consideration, without interest thereon, upon
surrender of the Certificate or Certificates representing such Shares pursuant
to Section 2.2.

          (b) The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any written
demands for appraisal of any Shares, attempted withdrawals of such demands and
any other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company
relating to rights of appraisal and (ii) the opportunity to participate in the
conduct of all negotiations and proceedings with respect to demands for
appraisal under the DGCL.  Except with the prior written consent of Parent, the
Company shall not voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for
appraisal or settle or offer to settle any such demands for appraisal.

          Section 2.4   Company Option Plans.   (a)  Parent acknowledges that,
                        --------------------
in accordance with determinations by the Company Board of Director pursuant to
the Company Stock Option Plans (as defined below), at the Effective Time, each
stock option, stock equivalent right or similar right to acquire Shares (each, a
"Company Stock Option") issued pursuant to the Company's 1997 Stock Option Plan
 --------------------
or the Company's Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (including the
Company's 1999 Non-Employee Director Option Program, as amended, thereunder)
(collectively, the "Company Stock Option Plans"), whether or not then
                    --------------------------

exercisable or vested, which is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior
thereto shall become immediately fully vested and exercisable. At the Effective
Time, each Company Stock Option shall cease to represent a right to acquire
Shares and shall be converted automatically into options to purchase shares of
Parent common stock ("Parent Shares"), and Parent shall assume each such Company
Stock Option (hereinafter, an "Assumed Option") subject to the terms of the
applicable Company Stock Option Plan and the agreement evidencing the grant
thereunder of such Company Stock Option; provided, however, that from and after
the Effective Time, (A) the number of Parent Shares purchasable upon exercise of
an Assumed Option shall be equal to the number of Shares that were purchasable
under such Assumed Option immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by
the Exchange Ratio (as defined below), and rounded down to the nearest whole
share, and (B) the per share exercise price under such Assumed Option shall be
adjusted by dividing the per share exercise price under such Assumed Option by
the Exchange Ratio, and rounding up to the nearest cent.  In the case of any
Assumed Options that are "incentive stock options" (as defined in Section 422 of
the Code), the exercise price, the number of Parent Shares purchasable pursuant
to such options and the terms and conditions of exercise of such options shall
be determined in order to comply with Section 424(a) of the Code.  For purposes
of this Section 2.4, the "Exchange Ratio" shall be the number obtained by
dividing the Merger Consideration by the closing price of a Parent Share on the
trading day immediately preceding the Closing Date.

     (b) The Company shall take all such steps as may be required to cause any
dispositions of Shares (including derivative securities with respect to Shares)
resulting from the transactions contemplated by Article II of this Agreement by
each individual who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act with respect to the Company, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act.

     (c) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company Stock Option Plans shall
terminate and all rights under any provision of any other plan, program or
arrangement providing for the issuance or grant of any other interest in respect
of the capital stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary (as defined in
Section 3.2(a)) shall be cancelled.

     (d) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall deliver
to each holder of an outstanding Company Stock Option an appropriate notice
setting forth such holder's rights pursuant thereto and such Company Stock
Option shall continue in effect on the same terms and conditions (subject to the
adjustments

required by this Section 2.4 after giving effect to the Merger). Parent shall
take all corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number
of shares of Parent Shares for delivery upon exercise of such Assumed Options
pursuant to the terms set forth in this Section 2.4.

     (e) Parent shall file with the SEC, prior to the Effective Time, a
registration statement on Form S-8 (or any successor form) relating to Parent
Shares issuable pursuant to the Assumed Options, which registration statement
shall include a reoffer prospectus. Parent shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to cause shares of Parent Shares, when issued upon exercise of Assumed
Options, to be listed on such exchanges as Parent Shares are listed immediately
prior to the Effective Time.

     (f) Prior to the Appointment Date, the Company shall cause the
administrator of the Company Option Plans to clarify certain language in such
plans in order to further determine that the actions taken with respect to the
Company Stock Options pursuant to this Section 2.4 are consistent with the terms
of the Company Option Plans.

                                  ARTICLE III

                              REPRESENTATIONS AND
                           WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

          Except as set forth in the schedule of exceptions to the Company's
representations and warranties set forth herein, delivered to Parent prior to
the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"), the Company
                                      ---------------------------
represents and warrants to Parent and the Purchaser as set forth below.

          Section 3.1  Organization.  (a)  The Company is a corporation duly
                       ------------
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware and has the requisite corporate power and authority and all necessary
governmental licenses, authorizations, permits, consents and approvals to own,
lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, except where the failure to be so organized, existing and in good
standing or to have such power, authority, or governmental licenses,
authorizations, permits, consents or approvals would not, individually or in the
aggregate, (A) be reasonably expected to

have a Company Material Adverse Effect or (B) be reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on the Company's ability to consummate the Transactions.
As used in this Agreement, "Company Material Adverse Change" or "Company
                            -------------------------------      -------
Material Adverse Effect" means any change, event or effect, as the case may be,
- -----------------------
that is materially adverse to the business, operations, properties (including
intangible properties), condition (financial or otherwise), results of
operations, or assets or liabilities, with all such matters being considered in
the aggregate, of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
except any such change, event or effect resulting primarily from: (i) any change
in the market price or trading volume of the Company's securities; (ii)
conditions (including changes in economic, financial market, regulatory or
political conditions) affecting generally the online travel or leisure travel
industries in which the Company participates, (iii) actions taken, delayed or
omitted to be taken by the Company at the written request of any of the
individuals specified in Schedule 3.1(a)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule
("Designated Parent Individuals") after the date hereof and prior to the earlier
of (A) the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article VIII and (B)
the Appointment Date, (iv) items set forth in Section 3.1(a)(iv) in the Company
Disclosure Schedule; or (v) any disruption of employee (other than as set forth
in Section 3.1(a)(v) in the Company Disclosure Schedule), customer, supplier or
other similar relationships or other events or circumstances resulting primarily
from or which are primarily attributable to the execution or announcement of
this Agreement and the identity of the Parent.

          (b) The Company is duly qualified or licensed to do business and in
good standing (to the extent the concept of good standing exists) in each
jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or licensing necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified or licensed or in good standing
would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

     Section 3.2  Subsidiaries and Affiliates.  (a)  Section 3.2(a) of the
                  ---------------------------
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the name, jurisdiction of incorporation
or organization and authorized and outstanding capital of each Company
Subsidiary and the jurisdictions in which each Company Subsidiary is qualified
to do business.  Other than with respect to the Company Subsidiaries, the
Company does not own, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or other equity
securities of any corporation or have any direct or indirect equity or ownership
interest in any business other than publicly-traded securities constituting less
than five percent of the outstanding equity of the issuing entity.  All of the
outstanding capital stock of each Company

Subsidiary is owned directly or indirectly by the Company free and clear of all
liens, charges, security interests, options, claims, mortgages, title defects or
objections, liens, claims, leases, chattel mortgages, conditional sales
contracts, collateral security arrangements and other title or interest
retention arrangements, pledges, or other encumbrances and restrictions of any
nature whatsoever ("Encumbrances"), and is validly issued, fully paid and
                    ------------
nonassessable, and there are no outstanding options, rights or agreements of any
kind relating to the issuance, sale or transfer of any capital stock or other
equity securities of any such Company Subsidiary to any person except the
Company. As used in this Agreement, the term "Company Subsidiary" means each
                                              ------------------
Person which is a Subsidiary of the Company. As used in this Agreement, the term
"Subsidiary" means with respect to any party, any corporation, partnership or
 ----------
other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which (i) at
least a majority of the securities or other interests having by their terms
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or others
performing similar functions with respect to such corporation or other
organization is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such party or by
any one or more of its Subsidiaries, or by such party and one or more of its
Subsidiaries or (ii) such party or any other Subsidiary of such party is a
general partner (excluding any such partnership where such party or any
Subsidiary of such party does not have a majority of the voting interest in such
partnership). As used in this Agreement, the term "Person" means a natural
                                                   ------
person, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust,
joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture,
Governmental Entity or other entity or organization.

          (b) Each Company Subsidiary (i) is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation, (ii) has the requisite corporate or other power and authority to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted and to own the properties and
assets it now owns, and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business as a
foreign corporation in good standing (to the extent the concept of good standing
exists) in each jurisdiction in which the property owned, leased or operated by
it or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification or
license necessary, except where the failure to be so duly qualified or licensed
and in good standing would not individually or in the aggregate be reasonably
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Each jurisdiction in which
a Company Subsidiary is organized or qualified or licensed to do business is
listed in Section 3.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.  The Company has
heretofore delivered to Parent complete and correct copies of the Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws (or other organizational or governing documents) of the
Company and each Company Subsidiary, as is in effect on the date hereof.

          Section 3.3  Capitalization.  (a)  Except as set forth in Schedule
                       --------------
3.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the authorized capital stock of the
Company consists of (i) 70,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per
share (the "Common Stock") and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01
            ------------
par value per share (the "Preferred Stock").  As of the date hereof, (i)
                          ---------------
24,336,701 shares of Common Stock are issued and outstanding, (ii) no shares of
Preferred Stock are issued and outstanding, (iii)  1,037,288 shares of Common
Stock are issued and held in the treasury of the Company, and (iv) a total of
2,936,279 shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to the
Option Plans.  All of the outstanding shares of the Company's capital stock are,
and all Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of outstanding
Options will be, when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.  There are no bonds,
debentures, notes or other indebtedness having general voting rights (or
convertible into securities having such rights) ("Voting Debt") of the Company
                                                  -----------
or any Company Subsidiary issued and outstanding.  Except as disclosed in this
Section 3.3 or set forth in Section 3.3(a) in the Company Disclosure Schedule
(i) there are no shares of capital stock of the Company authorized, issued or
outstanding, (ii) there are no existing options, warrants, calls, pre-emptive
rights, subscriptions or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments
of any kind relating to the issued or unissued capital stock of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary obligating the Company or any Company Subsidiary to
issue, transfer or sell or cause to be issued, transferred or sold any shares of
capital stock or Voting Debt of, or other equity interest in, the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such
shares or equity interests, or obligating the Company or any Company Subsidiary
to grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, subscription or
other right, agreement, arrangement or commitment, and (iii) there are no
outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Shares or the capital stock of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or any affiliate of the Company or to provide
funds to make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital contribution or
otherwise) in any Company Subsidiary or any other entity.  Section 3.3(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, with respect to each existing warrant to
purchase capital stock of the Company, the number of shares issuable, and the
purchase price payable therefor upon the exercise of each such warrant.

          (b) Section 3.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all
existing warrants issued by the Company or any Company Subsidiary (each, a
"Warrant") to purchase capital stock of the Company and, with respect to such
 -------
Warrants, the number of shares issuable, and the purchase price payable therefor

upon exercise of such Warrant.  After the Effective Time, no Warrant will remain
or purport to remain outstanding and convertible into cash, property or
securities of the Parent, Purchaser or the Surviving Corporation.

          (c) Except as set forth in Schedule 3.3(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, as of the date hereof, Company Stock Options to purchase 2,652,698
shares of Common Stock are outstanding under the Company Stock Option Plans.
All of such Options have been granted to directors and employees of the Company
and only in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.
Section 3.3.(c) of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a listing of all
outstanding Company Stock Options as of the date hereof and, with respect to
such Options, (i) the holder, (ii) the date of grant, (iii) the exercise price,
(iv) the number of shares of Common Stock subject thereto.  All Company Stock
Options granted under the Company Stock Option Plans have been granted pursuant
to award agreements in substantially the form attached as an exhibit to Section
3.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

          (d) Except for the Stockholder Agreement, there are no voting trusts
or other agreements or understandings to which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary is a party with respect to the voting of the capital stock of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.

          Section 3.4  Authorization; Validity of Agreement; Company Action.
                       ----------------------------------------------------
The Company has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and has the full corporate power and authority to perform the
transactions provided for or contemplated by this Agreement and the Stockholder
Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Offer and the Merger
(collectively, the "Transactions").  The execution, delivery and performance by
                    ------------
the Company of this Agreement, and the consummation by it of the Transactions,
have been duly and validly authorized by the Company Board of Directors and, no
other corporate action on the part of the Company is necessary (other than, with
respect to the Merger, the approval and adoption of the Merger and this
Agreement by holders of a majority of the Shares and the filing of the
Certificate of Merger as required by the DGCL) to authorize the execution and
delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by it of the
Transactions.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the
Company and, assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery hereof
by Parent and the Purchaser, is a valid and binding obligation of the Company
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that (i)
such enforcement may be subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other
similar laws, now or hereafter in effect, affecting creditors' rights generally,

and (ii) the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion of
the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

          Section 3.5  Board Approvals.  The Company Board of Directors, at a
                       ---------------
meeting duly called and held, has unanimously (i) determined that this
Agreement, the Offer and the Merger are, taken together, fair to and in the best
interests of the stockholders of the Company, (ii) duly and validly approved and
taken all corporate action required to be taken by the Company Board of
Directors to authorize the consummation of the Transactions, and (iii) resolved
to recommend that the stockholders of the Company accept the Offer, tender their
Shares to the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, and approve and adopt this
Agreement and the Merger, and, subject to Section 5.3 of this Agreement, none of
the aforesaid actions by the Company Board of Directors has been amended,
rescinded or modified after the date hereof.  The action taken by the Company
Board of Directors constitutes approval of the Transactions (including each of
the Offer and the Merger) by the Company Board of Directors under Section 203 of
the DGCL, and no other state takeover statute is applicable to the Transactions
(including, for the sake of clarity, the transactions contemplated by the
Stockholder Agreement and the option granted pursuant thereto).

          Section 3.6  Required Vote.  The affirmative vote of the holders of
                       -------------
a majority of the outstanding Shares is the only vote of the holders of any
class or series of the Company's capital stock necessary to approve the Merger.
No vote of any class or series of the Company's capital stock is necessary to
approve any of the Transactions other than the Merger.

          Section 3.7  Consents and Approvals; No Violations.  Except as set
                       -------------------------------------
forth in Section 3.7 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the execution,
delivery or performance of this Agreement by the Company, the consummation by
the Company of the Transactions or compliance by the Company with any of the
provisions of this Agreement will (i) conflict with or result in any breach of
(A) any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws or similar
organizational documents of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or (B) any
state securities or blue sky laws or the DGCL, (ii) require any filing by the
Company with, or permit, authorization, consent or approval on behalf of the
Company of, any court, arbitral tribunal, administrative agency or commission or
other governmental or other regulatory authority or agency, foreign or domestic
(a "Governmental Entity") (except for (A) compliance with any applicable
    -------------------
requirements of the Exchange Act, (B) any filings as may be required under the
DGCL in connection with the Merger,

including without limitation the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and any filings that may be required
to be made with the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company or
any Company Subsidiary is qualified to do business, (C) filings, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required under the Hart-Scott-
Rodin Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), (D) the
                                                           -------
filing with the SEC and the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. of (1) the Schedule 14D-9,
(2) a Proxy Statement if stockholder approval is required by law and (3) such
reports under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act as may be required in connection
with this Agreement and the Transactions, or (E) such filings and approvals as
may be required by any applicable state securities, blue sky or takeover laws),
(iii) result in a violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due
notice or lapse of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of
termination, amendment, cancellation or acceleration) under, any of the terms,
conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, lien, indenture, lease,
license, contract, understanding, commitment, arrangement or agreement, whether
oral or written, or other instrument or obligation to which the Company or any
Company Subsidiary is a party or by which any of them or any of their respective
properties or assets may be bound (each, a "Company Agreement") or (iv) violate
                                            -----------------
any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to
the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any of their respective properties or
assets, except in the case of clauses (i)(B), (ii), (iii) or (iv) where (x) any
failure to obtain such permits, authorizations, consents or approvals, (y) any
failure to make such filings, or (z) any such violations, breaches or defaults
would not, individually or in the aggregate, (A) be reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect or (B) be reasonably likely to have a material
adverse effect on the Company's ability to consummate the Transactions.

          (a)  The Company sells airline tickets only through its retail stores,
through its website and through call centers. The Company has no retail store or
call center located outside the United States, and its website is hosted in the
United States. No ticket for airline travel originating outside the United
States can be purchased from the Company on its website without a credit card
that has a United States billing address, and no such ticket will be delivered
to a mailing address outside the United States. No E-tickets are available for
purchase on the website. No ticket for airline travel originating outside the
United States can be purchased from a Company call center (all of which are
located in the United States) without using a credit card that has a United
States billing address, except when a person with a credit card with a billing
address outside of the United States faxes to the call center

an individual authorization to use such credit card, in which case the tickets
may be sent by courier to a billing address outside the United States; annual
revenues from such sales to customers with European addresses do not exceed $1
million. There are no European nation-specific front pages or access pages on
the Company's website.

          Section 3.8  Company SEC Documents and Financial Statements.  The
                       ----------------------------------------------
Company has filed with the SEC all forms, reports, schedules, statements and
other documents required by it to be filed since June 30, 1999 under the
Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")
                                                             --------------
(as such documents have been amended since the time of their filing,
collectively, the "Company SEC Documents").  As of their respective dates, or if
                   ---------------------
amended, as of the date of the last such amendment, the Company SEC Documents
(a) did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading and (b) complied in all material respects with the
applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as the case
may be, and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.  None of
the Company Subsidiaries is required to file any forms, reports or other
documents with the SEC.  All of the audited consolidated financial statements
and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Company included
in the Company SEC Documents (collectively, the "Financial Statements") (i) have
                                                 --------------------
been prepared from, are in accordance with, and accurately reflect in all
material respects the books and records of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the times and for the periods referred to therein, (ii)
comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and with
the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto in effect
during the periods involved, (iii) have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis
                                           ----
during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and
except, in the case of the unaudited interim statements, as may be permitted
under Form 10-Q of the Exchange Act) and (iv) fairly present the consolidated
financial position and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows
(subject, in the case of unaudited interim financial statements, to normal year-
end adjustments) of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the
times and for the periods referred to therein.

          Section 3.9  Absence of Certain Changes.  Except as contemplated by
                       --------------------------
this Agreement or as agreed by  any of the Designated Parent Individuals in
writing after the date hereof, and except as set forth in Section 3.9 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, since December 31, 2000 (the "Balance Sheet Date"),
                                                           ------------------
and

except (in respect of the period after the date hereof) as permitted after
the date hereof by Section 5.2 hereof, each of the Company and each Company
Subsidiary has conducted its respective business only in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice.

          (i) Except as contemplated by this Agreement or as agreed by  any of
the Designated Parent Individuals in writing after the date hereof, (ii) except
as set forth in Section 3.9 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and, (iii) in
respect only of clauses (b) and (d) below (and to the extent that clause (g)
relates to such clauses, clause (g)), except (in respect of the period after the
date hereof) as permitted after the date hereof by Section 5.2 hereof, from the
Balance Sheet Date, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has:

          (a) suffered any Company Material Adverse Change;

          (b) incurred any liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued,
contingent or otherwise), except items incurred in (and in amounts that are in)
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

          (c) taken any action that, if taken after the date of this Agreement
without the prior written consent of Parent, would be a violation of Section 5.2
hereof.

          (d) paid, discharged or satisfied any claim, liability or obligation
(whether absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), other than the payment,
discharge or satisfaction of items which are not material to the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, of liabilities and obligations reflected
or reserved against in the Balance Sheet or incurred in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice since the Balance Sheet Date;

          (e) except for matters that have previously been authorized or
approved by the Company Board of Directors, either expressly or as a part of the
overall operating plan and capital and operating budgets for the Company, in
each case as set forth in Section 5.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, made
any individual capital expenditure or commitment (including for intangible
capital assets) in excess of $100,000 or any such capital expenditures or
commitments in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate; or

          (f) agreed, whether in writing or otherwise, to take any action
described in this section.

          Section 3.10  No Undisclosed Liabilities.  Except (a) as set forth
                        --------------------------
in Section 3.10 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (b) as disclosed in the
Financial Statements and (c) for liabilities and obligations incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice since the Balance
Sheet Date, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has incurred any
liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, contingent or
otherwise that would be required by GAAP to be recognized or disclosed on a
consolidated balance sheet of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or in the
notes thereto.  Section 3.10(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth,
as of the date hereof, the amount of the principal and unpaid interest
outstanding under each instrument evidencing any amount of indebtedness for
borrowed money of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries which will accelerate
or become due or result in a right of redemption or repurchase on the part of
the holder of such indebtedness (with or without due notice or lapse of time) as
a result of this Agreement or the Transactions.

          Section 3.11  Litigation.  Except as set forth in Section 3.11 of
                        ----------
the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof there is no suit, claim,
action, proceeding, including, without limitation, arbitration proceeding or
alternative dispute resolution proceeding, or investigation (i) pending or, (ii)
to the knowledge of the Company, (x) threatened against, (y) affecting and
which, if successful, would be reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on
the Company's business or results or operations, or (z) naming as a party
thereto the Company or any Company Subsidiary before any Governmental Entity;
and except in the case of Clause (ii)(y) above, the Company does not know or
have any reason to know of any valid basis for any such material suit, claim,
action or proceeding.

          Section 3.12  Employee Benefit Plans; ERISA.  (a)  Except as
                        -----------------------------
disclosed in Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there exist, as
of the date hereof, no employment or consulting agreement, collective bargaining
agreement or any bonus, pension, profit sharing, deferred or extra compensation,
incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom
stock, stock appreciation right or other stock-based incentive, retirement,
vacation, severance, change in control or termination pay (or other
termination), disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical, life
insurance or other insurance or any other plan, program, agreement, arrangement
or understanding (whether or not legally binding) that is sponsored, maintained,
contributed to or required to be contributed

to, or has been entered into by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any
person or entity that, together with the Company and its Subsidiaries, is
treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (the Company and each
                                                ----
such other person or entity, an "ERISA Affiliate") for the benefit of any
                                 ---------------
current or former employees, officers, consultants or directors of the Company
or any Company Subsidiary (collectively, the "Benefit Plans"). Since the
                                              -------------
versions of documents delivered or made available as provided above, there have
been no adoptions or amendments of any plans, and no adoptions or amendments of
plans are contemplated except to conform the plans to changes in applicable
laws.

          (b)   The Company has made available to Parent true, complete and
correct copies of (i) each Benefit Plan (or, in the case of any unwritten
Benefit Plans, descriptions thereof), (ii) the three most recent annual reports
on Form 5500 filed with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each
Benefit Plan (if any such report was required), plus schedules related thereto,
(iii) the most recent summary plan description for each Benefit Plan for which
such summary plan description is required (together with all Summaries of
Material Modification issued with respect thereto), (iv) each trust agreement
and group annuity contract relating to any Benefit Plan (if any such report was
required) and (v) all material contracts and employee communications relating to
each Benefit Plan.

          (c)   Each Benefit Plan has been established and administered all
material respects in accordance with its terms and applicable laws, including,
but not limited to, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
amended ("ERISA")), the Code and other applicable laws.
          -----

          (d)   All Benefit Plans that are "employee pension benefit plans" (as
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA)(the "Pension Plans"), intended to qualify
                                       -------------
under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code have been the subject of
determination letters from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such
Pension Plans are so qualified and are exempt from federal income taxes under
Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, a true, complete and
correct copy of each such determination letter has been provided to Parent, and
no such determination letter has been revoked nor has any event occurred since
the date of the most recent determination letter or application therefor for
each Pension Plan that would reasonably  be expected to adversely affect its
qualification or materially increase its costs.

          (e)   Neither the Company, nor any Company Subsidiary, nor any

ERISA Affiliate has at any time maintained, contributed or been obligated to
contribute to any Benefit Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA, including
without limitation any "multiemployer plan" (as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of
ERISA).

          (f)   Except as set forth in Section 3.12(e) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule and as contemplated by Section 2.4 of this Agreement, no current or
former employee, officer, consultant or director  of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary will be entitled to any additional compensation or benefits or any
acceleration of the time of payment or vesting or any other enhancement of any
compensation or benefits under any Benefit Plan as a result of the Transactions.

          (g)   Except as disclosed in Section 3.12(g) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the deduction of any amount payable or benefit provided  pursuant to
the terms of the Benefit Plans, or any other arrangement, obligation or
agreement, whether written or oral, or otherwise will not be subject to
disallowance under Section 280G or 162(m) of the Code.  Except as disclosed in
Section 3.12(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no person is entitled to
receive any "gross-up" payment from the Company or any Company Subsidiary, the
Surviving Corporation or any other person in the event that the excise tax of
Section 4999(a) of the Code is imposed on such person.

          (h)   No Benefit Plan provides benefits, including without limitation
death or medical benefits (whether or not insured), with respect to current or
former employees, officers, consultants or directors of the Company, any Company
Subsidiary or any Commonly Controlled Entity after retirement or other
termination of service, other than (i) coverage mandated by applicable law or
(ii) death benefits or retirement benefits under any Pension Plan.

          (i)   There are no pending or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened
or anticipated claims by or on behalf of any Benefit Plan, by any employee or
beneficiary under any Benefit Plan or otherwise involving any Benefit Plan
(other than routine and immaterial claims for benefits).

          (j)   Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary, any Commonly
Controlled Entity, any of the Benefit Plans, any trust created thereunder nor
any trustee or administrator thereof has engaged in a transaction or has taken
or failed to take any action in connection with which any such Person or entity
or any party dealing with the Benefit Plans or any such trust could be subject
to either a civil penalty assessed pursuant to section 409 or 502(i) or ERISA or
a tax imposed pursuant to section 4975, 4976 or 4980B of the Code.

          (k)   Except as disclosed in Section 3.12(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, no increase in the compensation or benefits of officers or employees
(including pursuant to any Benefit Plan) made since December 31, 2000 is
customary on a periodic basis or required by any agreement or understanding.

          Section 3.13  Taxes.  (a)  Except as set forth in Section 3.13 of
                        -----
the Company Disclosure Schedule:

          (i)  the Company and each Company Subsidiary (x) have timely filed (or
     there have been timely filed on their behalf) with the appropriate Tax
     Authorities all Tax Returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed
     by them, and such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all
     material respects, and (y) have timely paid (or there have been paid on
     their behalf) or accrued on the Financial Statements in accordance with
     GAAP all Taxes (as defined below) that are due and payable except for those
     Taxes that are being contested in good faith and for which adequate
     reserves have been established in the Financial Statements in accordance
     with GAAP;

          (ii)  there are no liens for Taxes upon any property or assets of the
     Company or any Company Subsidiary, except for liens for Taxes not yet due
     or for Taxes that are being contested in good faith and for which adequate
     reserves have been established in the Financial Statements in accordance
     with GAAP;

          (iii)  no Federal, state, local or foreign action, suit, claim, audit,
     assessment, or judicial or administrative proceeding (each a "Tax Claim")
                                                                   ---------
     is pending with regard to any Taxes or Tax Returns of the Company or any
     Company Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, no Tax Claim has
     been threatened;

          (iv) the Company and each Company Subsidiary have complied with all
     applicable rules and regulations relating to the withholding of Taxes and
     have withheld and paid over to the relevant Taxing Authority (as defined
     below) or accrued on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP all
     Taxes required to have been withheld and paid, including, without
     limitation, withholding in connection with payments to employees,
     independent contractors, creditors, stockholders or other third parties;

          (v)  the Financial Statements contain adequate reserves in accordance
     with GAAP for all Taxes payable by the Company and each Company

     Subsidiary for all taxable periods and portions thereof accrued through the
     date of such Financial Statements;

          (vi) the Federal income Tax Returns of the Company and the Company
     Subsidiaries have been examined by the applicable Tax Authorities (or the
     applicable statutes of limitation for the assessment of Taxes for such
     periods have expired) for all periods through and including December 31,
     1998, and as of the date hereof, no material adjustments have been asserted
     as a result of such examinations which have not been (x) resolved and fully
     paid, or (y) reserved on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP;

          (vii)  neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is or was a
     party to any agreement providing for the allocation, indemnification, or
     sharing of Taxes;

          (viii)  neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has been a
     member of any "affiliated group" (as defined in section 1504(a) of the
     Code) (or any combined or unitary group under foreign, state, or local law)
     (each, an "Affiliated Group") other than the Affiliated Group of which
                ----------------
     Company is the "parent" and is not subject to Treas. Reg. 1.1502-6 (or any
     similar provision under foreign, state, or local law) for any period other
     than in connection with the Affiliated Group of which the company is the
     "parent"; and

          (ix)  neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has consented to
the extension or waiver of any limitation period applicable to Taxes, Tax
Returns or Tax Claims.

          (b) "Tax" or "Taxes" means any (x) Federal, state, local, and foreign
               ---      -----
income, gross receipts, property, sales, use, license, excise, franchise,
employment, payroll, premium, withholding, alternative or added minimum, ad
valorem, or transfer tax, or any other tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or
other like assessment or charge of any kind, including any interest, additions
to tax, or penalties applicable thereto, imposed by any Tax Authority or (y)
liability for the payment of any amounts described in clause (x) above as a
result of transferor or successor liability.  "Tax Authority" means the Internal
                                               -------------
Revenue Service and any other domestic or foreign governmental authority
responsible for the administration of any Taxes.  "Tax Returns" mean all
                                                   -----------
Federal, state, local, and foreign tax returns, declarations, statements,
reports, schedules, forms, and information returns and any amendments thereto.

          Section 3.14  Contracts.  Except as set forth in Section 3.14 of the
                        ---------
Company Disclosure Schedule, each Company Agreement is valid, binding and
enforceable and is in full force and effect, except where any failures,
individually or in the aggregate, to be valid, binding and enforceable and in
full force and effect would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, and there are no defaults thereunder, except those defaults that
would not, individually or in the aggregate,  be reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.  Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a true and complete list as of the date hereof of (each, a
"Material Company Agreement"):
 --------------------------

          (a)   any agreement required to be filed as an Exhibit to an Annual
Report on Form 10-K of the Company pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K
of the Securities Act), entered into by the Company or any Company Subsidiary
since December 31, 2000 and all amendments to any such Company Agreements
included as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000;

          (b)   all non-competition or similar agreements imposing restrictions
on the ability of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to conduct any business
(or the manner in which any of them may conduct business) in any jurisdiction or
territory;

          (c)   any Company Agreement in effect as of the date hereof (i) for
the supply of published fare airline tickets, including any agreements relating
to commissions (normal, override or other) payable in respect of the sale of
such airline tickets, (ii) for the supply of net fare or opaque fare airline
tickets (as to which there are no agreements to pay to the Company any
commissions) which contain any restrictions on the manner in which the Company
sells such tickets (other than restrictions which (x)(A) require the sale of
such tickets together with other products, (B) require such tickets to be sold
opaquely or (C) do not permit the sale of such tickets on the internet, and (y)
have not been agreed to for a period of more than two months) and (iii) relating
to global distribution services;

          (d)   any Company Agreement that requires the Company to conduct
business exclusively with one or more Persons in any particular geographic area
or with respect to any particular product or service and that cannot be canceled
by the Company within 60 days following notice thereof without the payment of
any penalty;

          (e)   indentures, credit agreements, security agreements, mortgages,

guarantees and promissory notes, and other Company Agreements relating to the
borrowing of money or the lending of money by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary involving amounts in excess of $100,000 individually or, other than
in respect of the mortgage set forth in Section 3.14 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, $250,000 in the aggregate;

          (f)   partnership, joint venture and similar agreements;

          (g)   bonds or agreements of guarantee or indemnification in which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary acts as surety, guarantor or indemnitor with
respect to any obligation (fixed or contingent) in excess of $50,000
individually or $250,000 in the aggregate and that cannot be terminated by the
Company any Company Subsidiary within 60 days following notice thereof without
the payment of a material penalty, other than any of the foregoing relating to
obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary;

          (h)   any  personal property lease with an annual payment thereunder
of more than $50,000; and

          (i)  any Company Agreement (other than those listed in paragraphs (a)
through (h) immediately above) which provides for payments to or from the
Company in an amount of $100,000 annually or $300,000 in the aggregate over the
maximum life of such Company Agreement.

          Section 3.15  Real and Personal Property.  (a) Section 3.15(a) of
                        --------------------------
the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete list of all real property
owned by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (the "Owned Real Property").
                                                        -------------------
Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has good, valid and marketable
title to all the properties and assets which it purports to own (real, personal
and mixed, tangible and intangible) and which are material to the conduct of
their  business, including, without limitation, all the properties and assets
reflected in the Balance Sheet, except for (i) personal property having an
aggregate book value not in excess of $300,000 sold since the Balance Sheet Date
and (ii) except for product sold to customers in the ordinary course of
business. All the properties and assets purchased by the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries since the Balance Sheet Date through the date hereof, other than
(i) products sold to customers in the ordinary course of business, (ii) short
term investments and (iii) products described in (and in the amounts set forth
in the overall operating plan and capital and operating budgets for the Company,
in each case as set forth in Section 5.2(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
are listed in the Company Disclosure Schedule.  All such

properties and assets are free and clear of all Encumbrances and are not, in the
case of real property, subject to any rights of way, building use restrictions,
exceptions, variances, reservations or limitations of any nature whatsoever
except, with respect to all such properties and assets, (i) liens incurred in
connection with the purchase of personal tangible property securing specified
liabilities or obligations (with respect to which no default exists) that are
not in excess of the purchase price paid for such property; (ii) imperfections
of title, if any, (A) none of which, individually or in the aggregate(x) are
substantial in amount, (y) materially detract from the value or impair the use
of the property subject thereto, or (z) impair the operations of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary and (B) which have arisen only in the ordinary course of
business and consistent with past practice since the Balance Sheet Date; and
(iii) statutory liens for current taxes not yet due or (regardless of whether
liquidated) mechanics liens (the liens referred to in clauses (i) through (iii),
collectively, "Permitted Liens").

          (b)  Section 3.15(b) sets forth a complete list of all real property
leased as of the date hereof by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (the
"Leased Real Property", and, together with the Owned Real Property, the "Real
 --------------------                                                    ----
Property").  Except as disclosed in Section 3.15(b) of the Company Disclosure
- --------
Schedule, the Company is not a party to any lease, assignment or similar
arrangement under which the Company is a lessor, assignor or otherwise makes
available for use by any third party any portion of the Real Property.  All such
leases are valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and
are in full force and effect; there are no existing defaults by the Company or
any Company Subsidiary thereunder; no event of default has occurred which
(whether with or without notice, lapse of time or the happening or occurrence of
any other event) would constitute a default thereunder.

          Section 3.16  Potential Conflict of Interest.  Except as set forth
                        ------------------------------
in Section 3.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or in the Company SEC
Documents filed prior to the date hereof, since December 31, 1999 through the
date hereof, there have been no transactions, agreements, arrangements or
understandings between the Company or any Company Subsidiary, on the one hand,
and their respective affiliates, on the other hand, that would be required to be
disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act (except for
amounts due as normal salaries and bonuses and in reimbursements of ordinary
expenses).  Except as set forth in Section 3.16(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or in the Company SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, as of
the date hereof, no current executive officer or director of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary (and, to the knowledge of the Company, no former executive
officer or director of the Company

or any Company Subsidiary listed in Section 3.16(b), (i) owns, directly or
indirectly, any interest in (excepting not more than one percent (1%) stock
holdings for investment purposes in securities of publicly-held and traded
companies) or is an officer, director, employee or consultant of any person
which is a competitor, lessor, lessee, customer or supplier of the Company; and
no officer or director of the Company or any of Company Subsidiary, (ii) owns,
directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, any Intellectual Property which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is using or the use of which is necessary for
the business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, (iii) has notified the
Company of, or threatened, any claim, charge, action or cause of action against
the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except for immaterial claims for accrued
vacation pay, accrued benefits under any Benefit Plans and similar matters and
agreements existing on the date hereof, (iv) has made, on behalf of the Company
or any Company Subsidiary, any payment or commitment to pay any commission, fee
or other amount to, or to purchase or obtain or otherwise contract to purchase
or obtain any goods or services from, any other Person of which any officer or
director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or, to the Company's
knowledge, a relative of any of the foregoing, is a partner or stockholder
(except stock holdings solely for investment purposes in securities of publicly
held and traded companies), (v) owes any money to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary (except for reimbursement of advances in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice) or (vi) is party to any Company
Agreement other than (A) Company Agreements with former directors or officers
that are no longer in effect, (B) Company Agreement in effect as of the date
hereof pursuant to any Benefit Plan in Section 3.12 of this Agreement or in
Section 3.12 in the Company Disclosure Schedule, and (C) Company Agreements
entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
nor are there any Company Agreements between the Company or any Company
Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any holder of more than 5% of the Company's
equity securities, on the other hand, or any affiliate thereof.

          Section 3.17  Intellectual Property. (a)  As used herein, the term
                        ---------------------
"Intellectual Property" means the following items that are held for use or used
 ---------------------
in the business of the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries as currently
conducted or as presently contemplated to be conducted and any licenses to use
any of the following: all trademarks, service marks, trade names, Internet
domain names, designs, logos, slogans and general intangibles of like nature,
together with all goodwill, registrations and applications relating to the
foregoing and unregistered trademarks (collectively, "Trademarks"); patents,
                                                      ----------
patent applications and any continuations, divisionals, continuations-in-part,
renewals, reissues for any of the foregoing (collectively, "Patents");
                                                            -------
copyrights (including registrations and

applications for any of the foregoing and common law copyrights)("Copyrights");
                                                                  ----------
computer programs, including any and all software implementations of algorithms,
models and methodologies whether in source code or object code form, databases
and compilations, including any and all data and collections of data, all
documentation, including user manuals and training materials, related to any of
the foregoing and the content and information contained on any Web site
(collectively, "Software"); and confidential information, technology, know-how,
                --------
inventions, processes, formulae, algorithms, models and methodologies
(collectively "Trade Secrets").
               -------------

          (b) Section 3.17(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, for
all Intellectual Property owned or licensed by the Company and any of the
Company Subsidiaries, a complete and accurate list, of all U.S. and foreign: (A)
Patents; (B) Trademarks (including domain name registrations); (C) registered
Copyrights and all unregistered Copyrights material to the conduct of the
business; (D) Software that is owned by the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries ("Proprietary Software"); and (E) Software (other than licenses for
               --------------------
readily available commercial software programs having an acquisition price of
less than $5,000) that is licensed or leased by the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries.  In respect of the Software, Section 3.17(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule shall describe which Software is owned, licensed, or
leased, as the case may be.

          (c) Section 3.17(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a
complete and accurate list of all agreements granting, obtaining, or restricting
any right to use or to practice any rights under any Intellectual Property, to
which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party or otherwise
bound, as licensee or licensor thereunder, including, without limitation,
agreements for Software that is material to the conduct of the business of the
Company and/or the Company Subsidiaries and which is licensed, leased or
otherwise used by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries (other than
licenses for readily available commercial software programs having an
acquisition price of less than $5,000), agreements for Proprietary Software (and
identifies which Software is owned, licensed, leased, or otherwise used, as the
case may be), other license agreements, development agreements, settlement
agreements, consent-to-use agreements and covenants not to sue (collectively,
"License Agreements").  No royalties, honoraria or other fees are payable by the
 ------------------
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to any third parties for the use of
or right to use any Intellectual Property except pursuant to the License
Agreements.

          (d)  Except as set forth in Section 3.17(d) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule:

               (i)  the Company or the Company Subsidiaries own or have the
     right to use all Intellectual Property free and clear of all Encumbrances,
     except as set forth in Section 3.17(d)(i) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule and except for (x) imperfections of title, if any, (A) none of
     which, individually or in the aggregate, (m) are substantial in amount, (n)
     materially detract from the value or impair the use of the property subject
     thereto, or (o) impair the operations of the Company or any Company
     Subsidiary and (B) which have arisen only in the ordinary course of
     business and consistent with past practice and (y) statutory liens for
     current taxes not yet due;

               (ii)  the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is listed in
     the records of the appropriate United States, state, or foreign registry as
     the sole current owner or assignee of record for each application and
     registration listed in Section 3.17(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, other
     than the Software listed therein that is licensed or leased by the Company
     or any of the Company Subsidiaries;

               (iii)  any Intellectual Property owned or, to the Company's
     knowledge, any third party Intellectual Property used or licensed by the
     Company or the Company Subsidiaries has been duly maintained, is valid and
     subsisting, in full force and effect and has not been cancelled, expired or
     abandoned, except as set forth in Section 3.17(d)(iii) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule;

               (iv) there is no pending or threatened, claim, suit, arbitration
     or other adversarial proceeding before any court, agency, arbitral
     tribunal, or registration authority in any jurisdiction involving (A) the
     Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of the Company
     Subsidiaries, or (B) to the Company's knowledge, the Intellectual Property
     licensed to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, alleging that
     the activities or the conduct of the Company's or any of the Company
     Subsidiaries' businesses infringe upon, violate or constitute the
     unauthorized use of the intellectual property rights of any third party or
     challenging the Company or any the Company Subsidiaries' ownership, use,
     validity, enforceability or registrability of any Intellectual Property,
     except as set forth in Section 3.17(d)(iv) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule;

               (v) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiaries have
     licensed or sublicensed its rights in any Intellectual Property, or
     received or been granted any such rights, other than pursuant to the
     License Agreements;

               (vi) (A) no third party is misappropriating, infringing, diluting
     or violating any Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of the
     Company Subsidiaries, (B) to the Company's knowledge,  no third party is
     misappropriating, infringing, diluting or violating any Intellectual
     Property used by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, and (C) no
     such claims, suits, arbitrations or other adversarial proceedings have been
     brought or threatened against any third party by the Company or any of the
     Company Subsidiaries, except as set forth in Section 3.17(d)(vi) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule;

               (vii) the License Agreements are valid and binding obligations
     of the Company or Company Subsidiaries, enforceable in accordance with
     their terms, and there exists no event or condition which will result in a
     violation or breach of, or constitute a default by the Company or Company
     Subsidiaries or, to the Company's knowledge, the other party thereto, under
     any such License Agreement;

               (viii) the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries takes
     reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of Trade Secrets, and no
     Trade Secret of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has been
     disclosed or authorized to be disclosed by the Company or any of the
     Company Subsidiaries to any third party other than the Company's legal,
     accounting or financial advisors, and other than pursuant to a written non-
     disclosure agreement that adequately protects the proprietary interests of
     the Company and the applicable Company Subsidiaries in and to such Trade
     Secrets;

               (ix) the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
     will not result in the loss or impairment of the Company's and the Company
     Subsidiaries' rights to own, use, or to bring any action for the
     infringement of, any of the Intellectual Property, nor will such
     consummation require the consent of any third party in respect of any
     Intellectual Property, except as set forth in Section 3.17(d)(ix) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule; and

               (x) all Proprietary Software set forth in Section 3.17(b) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule, was either developed (A) by employees of the
     Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries within the scope of their
     employment, (B) by independent contractors who have assigned all of their
     rights to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries pursuant to a
     written agreement or (C) by independent contractors who performed services
     relating to the creation of copyrights on a work-for-hire basis pursuant to
     a written agreement.  Except as set forth in Section 3.17(d)(x) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule, no third party has had access to any of the
     source code for any of the Proprietary Software, and no act has been done
     or omitted to be done by the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to
     impair or dedicate to the public or entitle any governmental entity to hold
     abandoned any of such Proprietary Software.

          Section 3.18  Labor Matters.  (a) The Company and each Company
                        -------------
Subsidiary has good labor relations and there are no controversies pending, or
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened between the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, on the one hand, and any of their respective employees, on the other
hand, which would have be reasonably likely to have , individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.  Since December 31, 1999, there
has been no labor union organizing any employees of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary into one or more collective bargaining units.

          (b)  The Company and all Company Subsidiaries are in compliance with
all applicable laws respecting employment and employment practices, terms and
conditions of employment, and wages and hours, and are not engaged in any unfair
labor practice.

          (c)  (i) To the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries nor any of their respective employees, agents or
representatives has since December 31, 1999 committed an unfair labor practice
as defined in the National Labor Relations Act and (ii) there is no unfair labor
practice complaint against the Company or any Company Subsidiary pending before
the National Labor Relations Board.

          (d)  Since January 1, 1999, there has been no and there is no actual
or threatened labor dispute, strike, slowdown or work stoppage or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any
Company Subsidiary.

          (e)  Neither Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received as of
the date hereof notice of any actual or threatened investigation, charge or
complaint against Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to employees
pending before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other
Governmental Entity regarding an unlawful employment practice.

          (f)  Company and each of its Subsidiaries is and has since January 1,
1999 been in compliance with all notice and other requirements under the
Workers' Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act.

          Section 3.19  Compliance with Laws.  Except as set forth in Section
                        --------------------
3.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries have complied in a timely manner and in all material respects with
all laws, rules and regulations, ordinances, judgments, decrees, orders, writs
and injunctions of all federal, state, local, foreign governments and agencies
thereof, including, without limitation, the U.S. Department of Transportation,
which affect the business, properties or assets of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, except for instances of possible noncompliance that individually
or in the aggregate would not be reasonably likely to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, and no notice, charge, claim, action or assertion has been
received by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or has been filed, commenced
or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened against the Company or any Company
Subsidiary alleging any violation of any of the foregoing, except for instances
of possible noncompliance that individually or in the aggregate would not have
Company Material Adverse Effect.  All licenses, permits and approvals required
under such laws, rules and regulations are in full force and effect except where
the failure to be in full force and effect would not be reasonably likely to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

          Section 3.20  Environmental Matters.  Except as set forth in Section
                        ---------------------
3.20 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (a) the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
federal, state, interstate, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to
pollution or protection or preservation of human health or safety or the
environment, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to
emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants,
contaminants, wastes, radioactive materials, toxic or hazardous substances or
hazardous waste, petroleum and petroleum products, asbestos or asbestos-
containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon, or lead or lead-based
paints or materials ("Materials of Environmental Concern"), or otherwise
                      ----------------------------------
relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
generation, storage, containment (whether above ground

or underground), disposal, transport or handling of Materials of Environmental
Concern, or the preservation of the environment or mitigation of adverse effects
thereon (collectively, "Environmental Laws"), and including, but not limited to,
                        ------------------
possession of all, and compliance with any, permits or other governmental
authorizations required under applicable Environmental Laws or the terms and
conditions thereof, except where noncompliance with Environmental Laws or
failure to possess or comply with permits or other governmental authorizations
is not reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (b) neither
the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any communication or notice,
whether from a governmental authority or any other person, alleging any
violation of or noncompliance with any Environmental Laws by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or for which any of them is responsible, and there is no
pending or, to the Company's knowledge or to the knowledge of any Company
Subsidiary, no threatened claim, action, investigation or notice against or
involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary or for which any of them is
responsible by any person or entity alleging potential liability for
investigatory, cleanup or governmental response costs, or natural resources or
property damages, or personal injuries, attorneys' fees or penalties relating to
(i) the presence, or release into the environment, of any Materials of
Environmental Concern at any location, or (ii) any violation, or alleged
violation, or circumstances forming the basis of any such violation of any
Environmental Law (collectively, "Environmental Claims"), against the Company or
                                  --------------------
any Company Subsidiary except where such notices, communications or
Environmental Claims would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect; (c) to
the Company's knowledge, there are no past or present facts or circumstances
that are reasonably likely to form the basis of any Environmental Claim against
the Company or any Company Subsidiary or against any person or entity whose
liability for any Environmental Claim the Company or such Company Subsidiary
have retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of law, except
where such Environmental Claim, if made, would not have a Company Material
Adverse Effect; (d) all underground storage tanks, and the capacity and contents
of such tanks, located on property owned, operated or leased by the Company or
any Company Subsidiary are identified in Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule; and (e) all properties formerly owned or operated by the Company or
any Company Subsidiary, affiliate or predecessor thereof are identified in
Section 3.20 of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

          Section 3.21  Information in the Proxy Statement.  The Proxy
                        ----------------------------------
Statement, if any (and any amendment thereof or supplement thereto), at the date
mailed to the Company's stockholders and at the time of any meeting of Company
stockholders to be held in connection with the Merger, will not contain any
untrue

statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading, except
that no representation is made by the Company with respect to statements made
therein based on information supplied in writing by Parent or the Purchaser
expressly for inclusion in the Proxy Statement.  The Proxy Statement will comply
in all material respects with the provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations thereunder.

          Section 3.22  Information in the Offer Documents and the Schedule
                          ---------------------------------------------------
14D-9.  The information supplied by the Company expressly for inclusion in the
- -----
Offer Documents and the Schedule 14D-9 will not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  The Schedule 14D-9
will comply in all material respects with the provisions of applicable federal
securities laws and, on the date filed with the SEC and on the date first
published or sent or given to the Company's stockholders, will not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
except that the Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to
statements made in the Schedule 14D-9 based on information furnished by Parent
or Purchaser for inclusion therein.

          Section 3.23  Opinion of Financial Advisor.  The Company Board of
                        ----------------------------
Directors has received the opinion of CIBC World Markets Corp. ("CIBC World
                                                                 ----------
Markets") dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as 