URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/54883/000092701601503015/0000927016-01-503015.txt

 2001

                                                 Registration No. 333-68566

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549
                                ---------------

                              AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                    TO

                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                                ---------------
                                  KEANE, INC.
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

      Massachusetts                  7371                    04-2437166
     (State or Other          (Primary Standard           (I.R.S. Employer
     Jurisdiction of              Industrial           Identification Number)
     Incorporation or        Classification Code
      Organization)                Number)

                                Ten City Square
                          Boston, Massachusetts 02129
                                 (617) 241-9200
              (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number,
       Including Area Code, of Registrant's Principal Executive Offices)
                                ---------------
                                 Brian T. Keane
                     President and Chief Executive Officer
                                  Keane, Inc.
                                Ten City Square
                          Boston, Massachusetts 02129
                                 (617) 241-9200
               (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone
               Number, Including Area Code, of Agent For Service)
                                ---------------
                                   Copies to:

         HAL J. LEIBOWITZ, ESQ.                 JOHN M. PARIS, JR., ESQ.
          JAMES R. BURKE, ESQ.                  M. NICOLE WILLIAMS, ESQ.
           HALE AND DORR LLP               WILLIAMS, MULLEN, CLARK & DOBBINS
            60 State Street                  One Columbus Center, Suite 900
      Boston, Massachusetts 02109            Virginia Beach, Virginia 23462
       Telephone: (617) 526-6000               Telephone: (757) 499-8800
        Telecopy: (617) 526-5000                Telecopy: (757) 473-0395
                                ---------------
   Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as
practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective and certain
other conditions under the Merger Agreement are met or waived.

   If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]

   If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [_]

   If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]

                                ---------------
   The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a),
may determine.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    [METRO INFORMATION SERVICES, INC. LOGO]

                 A MERGER PROPOSAL--YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Shareholders of Metro Information Services, Inc.:

   The board of directors of Metro Information Services, Inc. has approved and
adopted an agreement and plan of merger and a related plan of merger with
Keane, Inc. We refer to the agreement and plan of merger, which contains all of
the terms of this merger in detail, and the related plan of merger, which would
be filed with the Virginia State Corporation Commission if the merger is
approved, as the "merger agreement."

   We will hold a special meeting of our shareholders at the Sheraton Norfolk
Waterside Hotel, 777 Waterside Drive, Norfolk, Virginia 23510, on Friday,
November 9, 2001 at 9:00 a.m., local time, at which we will ask you to approve
and adopt the merger agreement. If the merger agreement is approved and
adopted:

  .  Metro will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Keane, and

  .  You will receive 0.48 of a share of Keane common stock in exchange for
     each of your shares of Metro common stock and cash, without interest,
     for any fractional shares.

   Keane's common stock is listed on the American Stock Exchange under the
symbol "KEA." On October 1, 2001, Keane common stock closed at $13.41 per
share.

   After careful consideration, your board of directors unanimously approved
and adopted the merger agreement and concluded that the merger agreement is in
the best interests of Metro and its shareholders. Your board of directors
unanimously recommends that you vote "FOR" approval and adoption of the merger
agreement.

   Please carefully consider all of the information in this proxy
statement/prospectus regarding Metro, Keane and the merger, including in
particular the discussion in the section called "Risk Factors" starting on page
11.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          John H. Fain
                                          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

    Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
 commission has approved or disapproved of the merger or the securities of
 Keane to be issued in the merger, or determined if this proxy
 statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the
 contrary is a criminal offense.

   This proxy statement/prospectus is dated      , 2001 and is expected to be
first mailed to Metro shareholders on or about     , 2001.

   This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Keane that is not included in or delivered with
this document. This information is available without charge to you upon oral or
written request. Requests for this information should be made to Investor
Relations, Keane, Inc., Ten City Square, Boston, Massachusetts 02129,
telephone: (617) 241-9200.

   To obtain timely information of the requested materials prior to the special
meeting of Metro shareholders, you must request them no later than      , 2001.

   Also see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 118 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

   Keane has supplied all information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Keane, and Metro has supplied all information
contained in this proxy statement/prospectus relating to Metro.

                        METRO INFORMATION SERVICES, INC.

                         Reflections II Office Building
                                  Third Floor
                              200 Golden Oak Court
                         Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452
                                 (757) 486-1900

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

                  TO BE HELD ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 2001

   I am pleased to give you notice of and cordially invite you to attend,
either in person or by proxy, the special meeting of the shareholders of Metro
Information Services, Inc., which will be held at the Sheraton Norfolk
Waterside Hotel, 777 Waterside Drive, Norfolk, Virginia 23510, on Friday,
November 9, 2001 at 9:00 a.m., local time, and at any adjournment or
adjournments thereof. The purposes of the special meeting are:

     1. To consider and vote on a proposal to approve and adopt an agreement
  and plan of merger, dated as of August 20, 2001, and the related plan of
  merger, among Keane, Inc., a Keane subsidiary and Metro. The agreement and
  plan of merger and the related plan of merger provide that the Keane
  subsidiary will be merged with and into Metro. In the merger, each
  shareholder of Metro will receive 0.48 of a share of Keane common stock in
  exchange for each outstanding share of common stock of Metro owned prior to
  the effective time of the merger and cash, without interest, for any
  fractional shares, and

     2. To transact any other business which properly comes before the
  special meeting.

   Following the merger, Keane will own all of the issued and outstanding
shares of Metro's capital stock. The agreement and plan of merger, which
contains all of the terms of this merger in detail, is attached as Annex A, and
the shorter plan of merger, which would be filed with the Virginia State
Corporation Commission if the merger is approved, is attached as Annex B to the
enclosed proxy statement/prospectus.

   Only shareholders of record at the close of business on September 28, 2001
will receive notice of and be able to vote at the special meeting. The
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Metro common
stock outstanding on the record date is required to approve and adopt the
agreement and plan of merger and the related plan of merger.

   The enclosed proxy statement/prospectus describes the agreement and plan of
merger, the related plan of merger and the actions to be taken in connection
with the merger. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Metro
common stock entitled to vote must be present or represented by proxy at the
special meeting in order to constitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. It is important that your shares are represented at the special
meeting regardless of the number of shares you hold. Whether or not you are
able to attend the special meeting in person, please sign and return promptly
the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed, postage-prepaid envelope. You may
revoke your proxy in the manner described in the enclosed proxy
statement/prospectus at any time before it is voted at the special meeting.

   Please do not send any stock certificates with your proxy card.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors

                                          Robert J. Eveleigh
                                          Secretary

Virginia Beach, Virginia
     , 2001

                               

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER.....................................   1
SUMMARY....................................................................   3
RISK FACTORS...............................................................  11
  Risks Relating to the Merger.............................................  11
  Risks Relating to Keane's Business.......................................  13
  Risks Relating to Metro's Business.......................................  15
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.................  20
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF KEANE...................  21
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF METRO...................  22
SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA.......................  24
UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA.......................................  25
MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION......................................  26
  Keane Market Price Information...........................................  26
  Metro Market Price Information...........................................  26
  Recent Closing Prices....................................................  27
  Dividends................................................................  27
THE METRO SPECIAL MEETING..................................................  28
  Date, Time and Place of Meeting..........................................  28
  What Will Be Voted Upon..................................................  28
  Record Date and Outstanding Shares.......................................  28
  Vote Required to Approve the Merger......................................  28
  Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes.................................  28
  Share Ownership of Management and Certain Shareholders...................  29
  Voting and Revocation of Proxies.........................................  29
  Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses.....................................  29
  Board Recommendation.....................................................  30
  You Do Not Have Dissenters' Or Appraisal Rights..........................  30
THE MERGER.................................................................  31
  Background of the Merger.................................................  31
  Keane's Reasons for the Merger...........................................  34
  Metro's Reasons for the Merger...........................................  35
  Recommendation of Metro's Board of Directors.............................  37
  Opinion of Keane's Financial Advisor--Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated..  37
  Opinion of Metro's Financial Advisor--Robert W. Baird & Co.
   Incorporated............................................................  44
  Shareholder's Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy............................  52
  Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Metro in the Merger.....  52
  Treatment of Metro Common Stock..........................................  53
  Accounting Treatment of the Merger.......................................  53
  Regulatory Approvals.....................................................  53
  Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.................  54
  American Stock Exchange Listing..........................................  55
  Resales of Keane Common Stock Issued in Connection with the Merger;
   Affiliate Agreements....................................................  55
  No Dissenters' or Appraisal Rights.......................................  55
  Delisting and Deregistration of Metro Common Stock Following the Merger..  55
THE MERGER AGREEMENT.......................................................  56
  General..................................................................  56
  The Exchange Ratio and Treatment of Metro Common Stock...................  56
  Treatment of Metro Stock Options.........................................  56
  Exchange of Certificates.................................................  57
  Representations and Warranties...........................................  57

                                       i

  Covenants of Keane and Metro..........................................    59
  Related Matters After the Merger......................................    62
  Conditions to Obligations to Complete the Merger......................    62
  Termination; Fees and Expenses........................................    64
  Amendment.............................................................    66
OTHER AGREEMENTS........................................................    67
  Shareholder's Agreement...............................................    67
  Affiliate Agreements..................................................    67
  Executive Retention Agreements........................................    67
  Employee Retention and Severance Payments.............................    68
RECENTLY ELECTED DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF KEANE..............    70
  Recently Elected Directors............................................    70
  Recently Elected Executive Officers...................................    70
BUSINESS OF METRO.......................................................    71
  Overview..............................................................    71
  Development of the Business...........................................    71
  Industry Overview.....................................................    73
  Business Strategy.....................................................    73
  Growth Strategy.......................................................    75
  Services and Solutions................................................    76
  Sales and Marketing...................................................    76
  Client Support Structure..............................................    76
  Intellectual Property.................................................    77
  Seasonality...........................................................    77
  Competition...........................................................    78
  Recruiting and Hiring.................................................    79
  Consultant Training and Education.....................................    79
  Employees.............................................................    80
  Properties............................................................    80
  Legal Proceedings.....................................................    81
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
 OF OPERATIONS OF METRO.................................................    82
  Overview..............................................................    82
  Results of Operations.................................................    84
  Selected Quarterly Results of Operations..............................    90
  Liquidity and Capital Resources.......................................    90
  Seasonality...........................................................    91
  Inflation.............................................................    92
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk............    92
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements......................................    92
METRO'S PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS..........................................    94
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.............    96
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS........................................   102
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS...................................................   118
LEGAL MATTERS...........................................................   118
EXPERTS.................................................................   118
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.....................................   118
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF METRO.....................   F-1
ANNEXES
  Annex A--Agreement and Plan of Merger.................................   A-1
  Annex B--Plan of Merger...............................................   B-1
  Annex C--Shareholder's Agreement......................................   C-1
  Annex D-1--Opinion of Keane's Financial Advisor, Morgan Stanley & Co.
   Incorporated......................................................... D-1-1
  Annex D-2--Opinion of Metro's Financial Advisor, Robert W. Baird & Co.
   Incorporated......................................................... D-2-1
  Annex E--Form of Executive Retention Agreement........................   E-1

                                       ii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: Why do the companies propose to merge?

A: Keane and Metro believe that the merger will provide several benefits to
   both companies, including:

  .  creating cross-selling opportunities and associated revenue growth by
     providing Keane with a larger and more diverse client base,

  .  strengthening Keane's competitive position by combining Keane's and
     Metro's complementary service offerings,

  .  leveraging Keane's fixed costs as a result of combining the
     infrastructure and management organizations of the two companies,

  .  enhancing Keane's financial position in the long term and facilitating
     Keane's ability to complete future acquisitions in the long term, and

  .  enhancing earnings as the acquisition of Metro is expected to be
     accretive to Keane's earnings.

Q: What will Metro shareholders receive in the merger?

A: If the merger is completed, Metro shareholders will receive 0.48 of a share
   of Keane common stock for each share of Metro common stock that they own and
   cash, without interest, for any fractional shares.

Q: When do you expect to complete the merger of Keane and Metro?

A: We expect to complete the merger in the fourth quarter of 2001, but neither
   Keane nor Metro can predict the exact timing because the merger is subject
   to governmental and other regulatory approvals.

Q: Who must approve the merger?

A: In addition to the approvals of the boards of directors of Keane and Metro,
   which were already obtained, Metro shareholders must approve and adopt the
   agreement and plan of merger and the related plan of merger.

Q: What do I need to do now?

A: Keane and Metro urge you to carefully read this proxy statement/prospectus,
   including its annexes, and to consider how the merger will affect you as a
   shareholder. You may also want to review the documents that we refer to
   under "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 118.

Q: How do I vote?

A: You may indicate how you want to vote on your proxy card. You may also
   attend the shareholder meeting and vote in person instead of submitting a
   proxy. If you fail either to return your proxy card or to vote in person at
   the shareholder meeting, or if you mark your proxy "abstain," the effect
   will be a vote against the merger. If you fail to indicate your vote on your
   proxy, your proxy will be counted as a vote for the merger proposal, unless
   your shares are held in a brokerage account.

Q: If my shares are held in a brokerage account, will my broker vote my shares
   for me?

A: Your broker cannot vote your shares on the proposal relating to the merger
   without instructions from you on how to vote. Therefore, it is important
   that you follow the directions provided by your broker regarding how to
   instruct your broker to vote your shares. If you fail to provide your broker
   with instructions, it will have the same effect as a vote against the
   merger.

Q: May I change my vote after I have mailed in my signed proxy card?

A: You may change your vote at any time before the vote takes place at the
   shareholder meeting by either submitting a later dated proxy card or sending
   a written notice stating that you would like to revoke your proxy. In
   addition, you may attend the shareholder meeting and vote in person.
   However, if you elect to vote in person at the shareholder meeting and your
   shares are held by a broker, bank or other nominee, you must bring to the
   shareholder meeting a legal proxy from the broker, bank or other nominee
   authorizing you to vote the shares.

Q: When and where is the special meeting?

A: The special meeting of Metro shareholders will be held at 9:00 a.m., local
   time, on Friday, November 9, 2001, at the Sheraton Norfolk Waterside Hotel,
   777 Waterside Drive, Norfolk, Virginia 23510.

Q: Should I send in my certificates now?

A: No. After Keane and Metro complete the merger, Keane's transfer agent will
   send instructions to you regarding the exchange of shares of Metro common
   stock for Keane common stock.

Q: Whom may I contact with any additional questions?

A: You may call Patrice Bryan, Investor Relations Administrator of Metro, at
   (757) 306-0299.

                                    SUMMARY

   This summary highlights selected information from this proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. To understand the merger fully and for a more complete
description of the legal terms of the merger, you should read carefully this
entire document and the documents to which we have referred you. In addition,
we have incorporated by reference important business and financial information
about Keane into this proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain the
information that we incorporate by reference without charge by following the
instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More Information" on
page 118. We have included page references parenthetically to direct you to a
more complete description of the topics in this summary.

                                 The Companies
                               (Pages 118 and 71)

Keane, Inc.
Ten City Square
Boston, Massachusetts 02129
(617) 241-9200

   Keane, Inc. is a leading provider of Information Technology, or IT, and
business consulting services. In business since 1965, Keane helps clients
optimize business performance through the innovative use and management of
information technology. Keane's clients consist primarily of Global 2000
companies across every major industry, healthcare organizations and government
agencies. Keane provides its services through an extensive distribution network
of local branch offices in North America and in the United Kingdom. These
branch offices work in conjunction with Keane's business consulting arm, Keane
Consulting Group, and are supported by a centralized Strategic Practices Group
and two Advanced Development Centers. Keane develops a high percentage of
recurring revenue and long-term relationships with its clients as a result of
its multi-year outsourcing contracts, broad range of service offerings, local
presence, and track record of delivering IT solutions consistently and
reliably.

Metro Information Services, Inc.
Reflections II Office Building
Third Floor
200 Golden Oak Court
Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452
(757) 486-1900

   Metro Information Services, Inc. provides a wide range of IT consulting and
custom software development services and solutions in 33 metropolitan markets
in the United States and Puerto Rico. As of June 30, 2001, Metro had 1,988
consultants working with clients on all aspects of computer systems and
applications development. Services and solutions performed by Metro include
application systems development and maintenance, IT architecture and
engineering, systems consulting, project outsourcing (including managed
services) and general support services. Metro supports all major computer
technology platforms and supports client projects using a broad range of
software applications.

                                   The Merger
                                   (Page 31)

   Upon the consummation of the merger, Metro will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Keane. Metro shareholders will receive Keane common stock in
exchange for their shares of Metro common stock. The

agreement and plan of merger and the related plan of merger are attached to
this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A and Annex B, respectively. We
encourage you to read the agreement and plan of merger and the related plan of
merger in their entirety because they are the legal documents that govern the
merger. In this proxy statement/prospectus, we refer to the agreement and plan
of merger and the related plan of merger together as the "merger agreement."

                     Shareholder Approval Required by Metro

                             (Pages 28 and 67)

   Approval and adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative
approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Metro common
stock. John H. Fain, chairman of the board and chief executive officer of
Metro, together with various family trusts, beneficially owned approximately
54.5% of the outstanding shares of Metro common stock on September 28, 2001,
the record date of the special meeting. Mr. Fain has entered into a
shareholder's agreement with Keane in which he has agreed to vote a portion of
his Metro shares, representing 40% of the outstanding shares of Metro common
stock, in favor of the merger agreement. Under the shareholder's agreement, Mr.
Fain executed an irrevocable proxy that enables Keane to vote his shares to
approve and adopt the merger agreement. Mr. Fain was not paid additional
consideration in connection with this irrevocable proxy. The shareholder's
agreement is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C.

   Metro's directors, executive officers and their affiliates are entitled to
vote, or direct the vote of, approximately 59.6% of the outstanding shares of
Metro common stock as of the record date. All directors and executive officers
of Metro have indicated their intention to vote all shares over which they
exercise voting control in favor of the merger agreement. Keane's stockholders
are not required and will not vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

                    Interests of Executive Officers and

                     Directors of Metro in the Merger

                                 (Page 52)

   In considering the recommendation of the Metro board of directors, you
should be aware of the interests that Metro executive officers and directors
have in the merger. These include:

  .  John H. Fain will become a director of Keane,

  .  five executive officers of Metro are parties to new executive retention
     agreements and will receive transaction bonuses and, if their employment
     terminates under specified conditions, severance benefits (the form of
     executive retention agreement is attached as Annex E to this proxy
     statement/prospectus),

  .  as of September 28, 2001, the executive officers and directors of Metro
     owned an aggregate of 10,875 shares of Keane common stock,

  .  at the closing of the merger, stock options held by the Metro executive
     officers and directors will be converted into options to purchase an
     aggregate of approximately 45,649 shares of Keane common stock,

  .  the executive officers and directors of Metro will receive an aggregate
     of approximately 4,384,114 shares of Keane common stock upon
     consummation of the merger, or approximately 5.8% of the issued and
     outstanding shares of Keane common stock following the merger, in
     exchange for their shares of Metro common stock, and

  .  Metro's directors and officers will continue to be covered by directors'
     and officers' liability insurance for six years after the merger,
     protecting them against liabilities and claims resulting from their
     service as directors and officers of Metro prior to the merger.

   In addition, some of Metro's employees will be eligible for severance and
retention payments in the aggregate amount of $1.4 million.

   In considering the fairness of the merger to Metro shareholders, the Metro
board of directors took into account these interests. Some of these interests
are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Metro shareholders
generally in the merger.

                   Opinion of Keane's Financial Advisor

                                 (Page 37)

   In connection with the merger, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Keane's
financial advisor, rendered a written opinion, dated August 20, 2001, to the
Keane board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to
Keane of the exchange ratio in the merger. The full text of Morgan Stanley's
written opinion is attached as Annex D-1 to this proxy statement/prospectus and
should be read carefully in its entirety to understand the procedures followed,
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken
by Morgan Stanley in providing its opinion. Morgan Stanley's opinion is
addressed to the Keane board of directors and does not constitute a
recommendation to any shareholder with respect to any matter relating to the
merger.

                   Opinion of Metro's Financial Advisor

                                 (Page 44)

   In connection with the merger, on August 20, 2001, Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Metro's financial advisor, delivered its written opinion to the
Metro board of directors to the effect that, as of such date, the exchange
ratio in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to holders of
Metro common stock (other than Keane and its affiliates). The full text of
Baird's opinion, setting forth the assumptions made, matters considered, scope
and limitations of the review undertaken and the general procedures followed in
rendering such opinion, is attached as Annex D-2 to this proxy
statement/prospectus. Holders of Metro common stock are urged to read this
opinion carefully and in its entirety. Baird's opinion was directed to the
Metro board of directors and does not represent a recommendation to any
shareholder with respect to any matter relating to the merger.

                   Metro Board Recommendation to Shareholders
                                   (Page 37)

   The Metro board of directors has voted unanimously to approve and adopt the
merger agreement. The Metro board of directors believes that the merger is
advisable and in your best interests and recommends that you vote FOR the
proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

                What Holders of Metro Common Stock Will Receive
                                   (Page 56)

   Each outstanding share of Metro common stock will be exchanged for 0.48 of a
share of Keane common stock and cash, without interest, for any fractional
shares, which we refer to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the exchange
ratio.

   The following table sets forth the closing prices per share of Keane common
stock and Metro common stock as reported on the American Stock Exchange and The
Nasdaq National Market, respectively, on August 20, 2001, the last full trading
day prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger, and       , 2001.
This table also sets forth the equivalent price per share of Metro common stock
on those

dates. The equivalent price per share is equal to the closing price of a share
of Keane common stock on that date multiplied by the exchange ratio.

                                                        Keane  Metro  Equivalent
                                                        Common Common per Share
Date                                                    Stock  Stock    Price
----                                                    ------ ------ ----------

August 20, 2001........................................ $18.46 $3.70    $8.86
, 2001................................................. $        $        $

   Keane will not issue fractional shares of Keane common stock in connection
with the merger. Instead, you will receive cash, without interest, for any
fractional shares that result from multiplying the number of shares you own by
the exchange ratio.

                    Ownership of Keane Following the Merger
                                   (Page 94)

   Based on 15,337,760 shares of Metro common stock outstanding on September
28, 2001, we anticipate the Metro shareholders will receive an aggregate of
approximately 7,362,125 shares of Keane common stock in the merger, or
approximately 9.8% of the issued and outstanding shares of Keane common stock
following the merger. Mr. Fain and various family trusts will receive
approximately 4,013,119 shares of Keane common stock in the merger, or
approximately 5.3% of the issued and outstanding shares of Keane common stock
following the merger. These estimates are based on some assumptions, including
that options to purchase Metro common stock will not be exercised between
September 28, 2001 and the effective time of the merger.

                            Conditions to the Merger
                                   (Page 62)

   The completion of the merger depends on the satisfaction of a number of
conditions, including:

  .  the approval and adoption by Metro shareholders of the merger agreement,

  .  the approval of the listing on the American Stock Exchange of the Keane
     common stock that will be issued to Metro shareholders in the merger,

  .  the receipt of legal opinions regarding material tax consequences of the
     merger,

  .  the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-
     Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, and

  .  other customary conditions specified in the merger agreement.

   In some circumstances, conditions to the merger may be waived by one or more
parties.

                            No Solicitation by Metro
                                   (Page 60)

   Until the merger is completed or the merger agreement is terminated, Metro
has agreed that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries will solicit, initiate,
encourage or take any other action to facilitate the making of any acquisition
proposal. Metro's board of directors has also agreed not to withdraw or modify
its recommendation or to adopt, approve or recommend any acquisition proposal,
participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding an acquisition
proposal, or furnish information or cooperate with any person with respect to
an

acquisition proposal, unless legally required to in the discharge of its
fiduciary duties. Metro has also agreed to cause each of its directors,
officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other
advisors or representatives not to take any of these actions.

   Metro has agreed to provide Keane with detailed information about any
acquisition proposal it receives.

   An acquisition proposal is an inquiry, proposal or offer relating to any
business combination with Metro, a proposal for the issuance by Metro or any of
its subsidiaries of over 25% of its equity securities or any proposal or offer
to acquire over 50% of Metro's equity securities or of its consolidated total
assets.

                      Termination of the Merger Agreement
                                   (Page 64)

   Keane and Metro can mutually agree to terminate the merger agreement without
completing the merger, and either Keane or Metro can terminate the merger
agreement if any of the following occur:

  .  unless the party has failed to fulfill its obligations under the merger
     agreement, the merger is not completed by December 31, 2001,

  .  with specified exceptions, Metro shareholders fail to approve and adopt
     the merger agreement at the Metro special meeting,

  .  a governmental entity prohibits the merger, or

  .  the other party materially breaches any representation, warranty or
     covenant in the merger agreement and fails to cure the breach within 20
     days after the breaching party receives notice of the breach.

   Keane may also terminate the merger agreement if:

  .  Metro's board of directors withdraws or modifies its recommendation to
     Metro's shareholders to approve and adopt the merger agreement, or fails
     to unanimously reconfirm its recommendation within five days of Keane's
     request to do so,

  .  Metro's board approves or recommends an alternative acquisition
     proposal,

  .  Metro's board recommends that Metro shareholders enter into an agreement
     for a tender offer or exchange offer made by a third party, or

  .  Metro engages in the solicitation, initiation or encouragement of
     another proposal that could reasonably be expected to lead to an
     acquisition proposal.

                         Termination Fees and Expenses

                             (Pages 64 and 65)

   Keane and Metro will generally bear their own expenses related to the
merger, other than fees relating to required filings under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Act and to the preparation of this proxy statement/prospectus and
registration statement, which Keane and Metro will share equally. However, if
the merger agreement is terminated under some circumstances set forth in the
merger agreement, Metro or Keane may be required to reimburse the other up to a
maximum of $1,500,000 for expenses related to the merger.

   Metro must pay Keane a termination fee of $8,100,000, inclusive of the
payment of any of Keane's expenses, if Keane terminates the merger agreement
because:

  .  there has been a material breach by Metro that is not cured within 20
     days of receiving notice of that breach,

  .  Metro's board of directors fails to unanimously recommend approval and
     adoption of the merger agreement or withdraws or modifies its
     recommendation of the merger agreement,

  .  Metro fails to unanimously reconfirm its recommendation of the merger
     agreement within five days after Keane's request to do so,

or under any of the other circumstances set forth in the merger agreement and
described on page 65 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

   Keane must pay Metro a termination fee of $8,100,000, inclusive of the
payment of any of Metro's expenses, if Metro terminates the merger agreement
because there has been a material breach by Keane that is not cured within 20
days of receiving notice of that breach.

                                 Stock Options
                                   (Page 56)

   In connection with the merger agreement, Keane will assume all options,
whether vested or unvested, to purchase Metro common stock, issued under
Metro's stock option plans. Each option to purchase shares of Metro common
stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be
considered an option to acquire, on the same terms, 0.48 of a share of Keane
common stock. The option exercise price will be proportionally adjusted.

                              Accounting Treatment
                                   (Page 53)

   In accordance with recently issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 141, "Business Combinations," and Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," Keane
will use the purchase method of accounting for a business combination to
account for the merger, as well as the new accounting and reporting regulations
for goodwill and other intangibles. Under these methods of accounting, the
assets and liabilities of Metro, including all intangible assets, will be
recorded at their respective fair values. All intangible assets will be
amortized over their estimated useful lives with the exception of goodwill and
any other intangibles with indefinite lives. The financial position, results of
operations and cash flows of Metro will be included in Keane's financial
statements prospectively as of the completion of the merger.

            Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations
                                   (Page 54)

   We have structured the merger in order to qualify as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. It is our intention that no gain
or loss will generally be recognized by Metro shareholders for federal income
tax purposes on the exchange of shares of Metro common stock solely for shares
of Keane common stock. Metro shareholders, however, will recognize gain or loss
for federal income tax purposes to the extent any cash received in lieu of
fractional shares is greater than or less than, respectively, the tax basis
allocable to the fractional shares.

   Tax matters are very complicated, and the tax consequences of the merger to
you will depend on the facts of your own situation. You are urged to consult
your tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the merger
to you.

           Metro Shareholders Have No Dissenters' or Appraisal Rights
                                   (Page 55)

   Under Virginia law, Metro shareholders do not have dissenters' or appraisal
rights with respect to the merger.

     How the Rights of Metro Shareholders Will Differ as Keane Stockholders
                                   (Page 102)

   The rights of Metro shareholders as stockholders of Keane, a Massachusetts
corporation, after the merger will be governed by Keane's corporate charter and
bylaws and the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Those rights differ
from the rights of Metro shareholders under Metro's corporate charter and
bylaws and the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

                              Regulatory Approvals
                                   (Page 53)

   The merger is subject to the filing and waiting period requirements of the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976. On August 28, 2001,
Keane, Metro and John H. Fain filed pre-merger notification and report forms
with the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the U.S.
Department of Justice. On September 10, 2001, the Federal Trade Commission, on
behalf of itself and the Antitrust Division, notified the filing parties that
it had granted early termination of the waiting period with respect to the
merger.

             Restrictions on the Ability to Sell Keane Common Stock
                                   (Page 55)

   The shares of Keane common stock issuable to shareholders of Metro upon
consummation of the merger will be fully tradable without restrictions by those
shareholders who are not deemed to be "affiliates" of Keane or Metro, as that
term is defined in the Securities Act. Shares of Keane common stock received by
those shareholders of Metro who are deemed to be affiliates of Metro at the
time the merger agreement is submitted to a vote may be resold without
registration under the Securities Act only as permitted by Rule 145 under the
Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.

                            Recent Developments

   On September 19, 2001, Keane's board of directors authorized a share
repurchase program in which Keane may repurchase up to 1,542,800 shares of its
common stock in the open market through September 18, 2002. Between May 1999
and July 23, 2001, the expiration of Keane's most recent repurchase program,
Keane had invested $108.9 million to repurchase an aggregate of 5,457,200
shares of its common stock in the open market.

   On August 8, 2001, one of Keane's subsidiaries announced that it had been
named prime contractor to build an integrated logistics system for supply for
the United States Air Force. The new system will be developed to modernize the
Air Force's supply chain system. The maximum dollar value for this contract is
$127.0 million with work scheduled to be completed by 2011.

                          Service Marks and Trademarks

   Metro has registered or is in the process of registering the following
service marks: Metro Information ServicesSM, Metro IT ConsultingSM, Metro IT
SolutionsSM and Minds Making Technology WorkSM. All other trademarks and
service marks in this proxy statement/prospectus are the property of their
respective owners.

                                  RISK FACTORS

   You should carefully consider the following risk factors before you decide
whether to vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement. You should also
consider the other information in this proxy statement/prospectus and the
additional information in Keane's other reports on file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission that we incorporate by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 118.

Risks Relating to the Merger

The complex process of integrating Keane and Metro may disrupt the business
activities of Keane and affect employee morale, thus affecting Keane's ability
to pursue its business plan and retain key employees.

   Integrating the operations and personnel of Keane and Metro will be a
complex process. The integration of Keane and Metro may not be completed
rapidly or may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger. The
successful integration of Keane and Metro will require, among other things,
integration of their finance, human resources and sales organizations. The
diversion of the attention of Keane's management and any difficulties
encountered in the process of combining the companies could cause the
disruption of, or a loss of momentum in, the activities of the combined
company's business. Further, the process of combining Keane and Metro could
negatively affect employee morale and the ability of the combined company to
retain some of its key employees after the merger. The inability to
successfully integrate the operations and personnel of Keane and Metro could
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results
of operations of the combined company after the merger.

Keane's stock price is volatile and the value of the Keane common stock issued
in the merger will depend on its market price at the time of the merger. No
adjustment to the exchange ratio will be made as a result of changes in the
market price of Keane's common stock.

   The market price of Keane common stock, like that of the shares of many
other IT companies, has been and may continue to be volatile. For example, from
January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2000, Keane common stock traded as high as
$30.94 per share and as low as $9.75 per share. Since the announcement of the
proposed merger, the price of Keane's common stock has declined from $18.46 on
August 20, 2001 to a closing price of $13.41 per share on October 1, 2001.

   At the closing of the merger, holders of Metro common stock will exchange
each of their shares of Metro common stock for 0.48 of a share of Keane common
stock and cash, without interest, for any fractional share. This exchange ratio
will not be adjusted for changes in the market price of Keane common stock or
Metro common stock. In addition, neither Keane nor Metro may terminate or
renegotiate the merger agreement, and Metro may not resolicit the vote of its
shareholders, solely because of changes in the market price of Keane common
stock or of Metro common stock. Any reduction in the price of Keane's common
stock will result in Metro shareholders receiving less value in the merger at
closing. Metro shareholders will not know the exact value of Keane common stock
to be issued to them in the merger at the time of the special meeting of Metro
shareholders.

If the merger's benefits do not meet the expectations of financial or industry
analysts, the market price of Keane common stock may decline.

   The market price of Keane common stock may decline as a result of the merger
if:

  .  Keane does not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly
     as, or to the extent, anticipated by financial or industry analysts, or

  .  the effect of the merger on Keane's financial results is not consistent
     with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.

Failure to complete the merger may result in Metro paying termination fees to
Keane. This failure may also dilute the value of Metro's common stock, decrease
its market price and cause Metro to nevertheless incur legal and accounting
fees.

   If the merger is not completed, Metro may be subject to a number of material
risks, including:

  .  Metro may be obligated to pay Keane a termination fee of $8,100,000 or
     reimburse Keane for expenses of up to $1,500,000, under the
     circumstances described in the merger agreement and on pages 64 and 65
     of this proxy statement/prospectus,

  .  the market price of Metro common stock may decline to the extent that
     the current market price of Metro common stock reflects a market
     assumption that the merger will be completed, and

  .  Metro's costs related to the merger, such as its legal and accounting
     fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed.

   If the merger is terminated and Metro's board of directors seeks another
merger or business combination, Metro shareholders cannot be certain that Metro
will be able to find a party willing to pay an equivalent or more attractive
price than the price Keane will pay in the merger.

Metro may lose an opportunity to enter into a merger or business combination
with another party on more favorable terms because of provisions in the merger
agreement that prohibit Metro from entering into these transactions or
soliciting proposals for these transactions.

   While the merger agreement is in effect and subject to the fiduciary duties
of Metro's directors under Virginia law, Metro is prohibited from entering into
or soliciting, initiating or encouraging any inquiries or proposals that may
lead to a proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, business combination,
sale of substantial assets, tender offer, sale of shares of capital stock or
other similar transactions with any person other than Keane. As a result of
this prohibition, Metro may lose an opportunity to enter into a transaction
with another potential partner on more favorable terms.

Some of the officers and directors of Metro have conflicts of interest that may
have influenced them to support or approve the merger.

   Metro's officers and directors may have been influenced to approve the
merger because of the following arrangements that provide them with interests
in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of
Metro shareholders in the merger, including the following:

  .  John H. Fain, Metro's chairman of the board and chief executive officer,
     will become a director of Keane,

  .  as of September 28, 2001, the executive officers and directors of Metro
     owned stock options to purchase an aggregate of 95,103 shares of Metro
     common stock and owned an aggregate of 9,133,572 shares of Metro common
     stock and 10,875 shares of Keane common stock,

  .  five executive officers of Metro are parties to new executive retention
     agreements with Metro and will receive transaction bonuses and, if their
     employment terminates under specified conditions, severance benefits,
     and

  .  Keane has agreed to indemnify present and former Metro officers and
     directors against liability arising out of their service as officers or
     directors. Keane will maintain officers' and directors' liability
     insurance to cover against this liability for the next six years.

   Metro shareholders should read more about these interests under "The
Merger--Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Metro in the Merger"
on page 52.

   The Metro board of directors was aware of and took into account these
arrangements when it approved the merger. It is possible that these
arrangements may have influenced these directors and officers to support or
recommend the merger.

The merger may cause Metro to lose key personnel, which could materially affect
Metro's business and require Metro to incur substantial costs to recruit
replacements for lost personnel.

   As a result of Metro's change in ownership, current and prospective Metro
employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with Keane. This
uncertainty may adversely affect Metro's ability to attract and retain key
management, sales, marketing and technical personnel. Any failure to attract
and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on the business
of Metro and Keane.

Clients of Keane and Metro may delay or cancel engagements as a result of
concerns over the merger.

   The announcement and closing of the merger could cause clients and potential
clients of Keane and Metro to delay or cancel engagements or to fail to enter
into new engagements. In particular, clients could be concerned about future
services or the quality of client service during the period of integration of
Metro and Keane. Delays and cancellations would likely have a negative impact
on the combined company's business, and the loss of clients or the failure to
attract new clients could have a material adverse effect on the future revenues
and competitive position of Keane and Metro.

If the costs associated with the merger exceed the benefits realized, the
combined company may experience adverse financial results.

   Keane and Metro will incur significant transaction costs as a result of the
merger, including investment banking, legal and accounting fees, that may
exceed the parties' current estimates. In addition, Keane and Metro expect that
the combined company will incur consolidation and integration expenses that
Keane and Metro cannot accurately estimate at this time. Keane and Metro expect
that the combined company will charge consolidation and integration expenses to
operations in fiscal year 2001. Actual transaction costs may substantially
exceed the combined company's estimates and may negatively affect its business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Relating to Keane's Business

Keane's quarterly operating results have varied, and are likely to continue to
vary significantly. This may result in volatility in the market price of
Keane's shares.

   Keane has experienced and expects to continue to experience fluctuations in
its quarterly results. Keane's gross margins vary based on a variety of
factors, including employee utilization rates and the number and type of
services performed by Keane during a particular period. A variety of factors
influence Keane's revenue in a particular quarter, including:

  .  general economic conditions that may influence investment decisions or
     cause downsizing,

  .  the number and requirements of client engagements,

  .  employee utilization rates,

  .  changes in the rates Keane can charge clients for services,

  .  acquisitions, and

  .  other factors, many of which are beyond Keane's control.

   A significant portion of Keane's expenses does not vary relative to revenue.
As a result, if revenue in a particular quarter does not meet expectations,
Keane's operating results could be materially adversely affected,

which in turn may have a material adverse impact on the market price of Keane
common stock. In addition, many of Keane's engagements are terminable without
client penalty. An unanticipated termination of a major project could result in
an increase in underutilized employees and a decrease in revenue and profits.

Keane has pursued, and intends to continue to pursue, strategic acquisitions.
Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets may adversely
affect Keane's financial performance.

   In the past five years, Keane has grown significantly through acquisitions.
Since January 1, 1999, Keane has completed eight acquisitions. The aggregate
cost of these acquisitions totaled $103.2 million. Keane's future growth may be
based in part on selected acquisitions. At any given time, Keane may be in
various stages of considering acquisition opportunities, such as the
acquisition of Metro. Keane can provide no assurances that it will be able to
find and identify desirable acquisition targets or that it will be successful
in entering into a definitive agreement with any one target. In addition, even
if Keane reaches a definitive agreement, there is no assurance that Keane will
complete any future acquisition.

   Keane typically anticipates that each acquisition will bring benefits, such
as an increase in revenue. Prior to completing an acquisition, however, it is
difficult to determine if Keane can actually realize these benefits.
Accordingly, there is a risk that an acquired company may not achieve an
increase in revenue or other benefits for Keane. In addition, an acquisition
may result in unexpected costs, expenses and liabilities. Any of these events
could have a material adverse effect on Keane's business, financial condition
and results of operations.

   The process of integrating acquired companies into Keane's existing business
may also result in unforeseen difficulties. Unforeseen operating difficulties
may absorb significant management attention, which Keane might otherwise devote
to its existing business. In addition, the process may require significant
financial resources that Keane might otherwise allocate to other activities,
including the ongoing development or expansion of Keane's existing operations.
Finally, future acquisitions could result in Keane having to incur additional
debt and/or contingent liabilities. Any of these possibilities could have a
material adverse effect on Keane's business, financial condition and result of
operations.

Keane's growth could be limited if it is unable to attract personnel in the
Information Technology and business consulting industries.

   Keane believes that its future success will depend in large part on its
ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled technical and
management personnel. The competition for these personnel is intense. Keane may
not succeed in attracting and retaining the personnel necessary to develop its
business. If Keane does not succeed, its business, financial condition and
result of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Keane faces significant competition for its services, and its failure to remain
competitive could limit its ability to maintain existing clients or attract new
clients.

   The market for Keane's services is highly competitive. The technology for
custom software services can change rapidly. The market is fragmented, and no
company holds a dominant position. Consequently, Keane's competition for client
assignments and experienced personnel varies significantly from city to city
and by the type of service provided. Some of Keane's competitors are larger and
have greater technical, financial and marketing resources and greater name
recognition in the markets they serve than does Keane. In addition, clients may
elect to increase their internal information systems resources to satisfy their
custom software development needs.

   In the healthcare software systems market, Keane competes with some
companies that are larger in the healthcare market and have greater financial
resources than Keane. Keane believes that significant competitive factors in
the healthcare software systems market include size and demonstrated ability to
provide service to targeted healthcare markets.

   Keane may not be able to compete successfully against current or future
competitors. In addition, competitive pressures faced by Keane may materially
adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations.

Keane conducts business in the United Kingdom, which exposes it to a number of
difficulties inherent in international activities.

   Keane's operations in the U.K. are subject to currency exchange rate
fluctuations, foreign exchange restrictions, changes in taxation and other
difficulties in managing operations overseas. Keane may not be successful in
its international operations.

Keane may be unable to redeploy its professionals effectively if engagements
are terminated unexpectedly, which would adversely affect its results of
operations.

   Keane's clients can cancel or reduce the scope of their engagements with
Keane on short notice. If they do so, Keane may be unable to reassign its
professionals to new engagements without delay. The cancellation or reduction
in scope of an engagement could, therefore, reduce the utilization rate of
Keane's professionals, which would have a negative impact on Keane's business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Relating to Metro's Business

Metro may be unable to attract and retain management and other personnel it
needs to succeed.

   Metro's success depends, in part, on its ability to attract and retain
consultants with the technical skills and experience required to meet its
clients' rapidly changing needs. Metro must continually identify and recruit
technical personnel in each of its markets to fill new positions and to replace
consultants who have left Metro. The IT industry has high consultant turnover
rates. Metro competes for qualified personnel with other providers of technical
staffing services, system integrators, providers of outsourcing services,
computer consultants, temporary personnel agencies and Metro's own clients. IT
professionals who work with Metro also work with Metro's competitors from time
to time. IT professionals currently working on projects for Metro may choose to
work for competitors on future assignments. Metro's net revenues in any period
are primarily driven by the number of IT professionals Metro has on billable
assignments. Metro may not be able to attract and retain the personnel it
requires to conduct its operations successfully or to attract additional
personnel for expanded operations. Metro's failure to attract and retain such
personnel or an increase in Metro's consultant turnover rate could have a
material adverse effect on Metro's business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Metro may not be able to renegotiate its loan covenants.

   Prior to entering into the merger agreement, Metro was negotiating with its
lenders regarding financial covenants under its credit facilities. Since
entering into the merger agreement with Keane, Metro has suspended these
negotiations. There can be no assurance that Metro would be able to resume and
complete these negotiations with its lenders by December 31, 2001 if the merger
with Keane were not to occur. If Metro were not able to renegotiate with its
lenders prior to December 31, 2001, Metro would be in breach of the loan
covenants under its credit facilities. In that event, the interest rate under
these facilities would increase to two points above the prime rate, and all
amounts then outstanding would be immediately due and payable. See
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations of Metro--Liquidity and Capital Resources."

Rapid technology change may make Metro's products and services obsolete.

   The market for IT services is characterized by rapid technological advances,
frequent product introductions and enhancements, and changes in client
requirements. Metro's future success depends, in part, on its ability to
provide consultants possessing the skills to service past, current and next
generation products and technologies. These factors will require Metro to
provide adequately trained personnel to address the increasing and evolving

needs of its clients. Any failure by Metro to anticipate or respond rapidly to
technological advances, new products and enhancements or changes in client
requirements could have a material adverse effect on Metro's business,
financial condition and results of operations.

Metro faces intense competition for its products and services, and may be
unable to compete successfully against existing or new competitors.

   The IT services industry is extremely competitive and highly fragmented.
Metro's competitors include general IT services firms, temporary staffing and
personnel placement companies, general management consulting firms, major
accounting firms, divisions of large hardware and software companies and niche
providers of IT services. With the recent shift towards the Internet, several
new competitors have entered the market. These competitors are typically small
but well funded services firms focused exclusively on helping businesses to
change their relationships with clients and suppliers via the Internet. In
addition, competition may come in the form of application service providers, or
ASPs. ASPs offer to host standard or slightly customized versions of packaged
software systems for businesses. ASPs may attract clients who are dissatisfied
with their custom software solutions or have difficulty managing their packaged
software systems. Some of Metro's competitors possess substantially greater
resources, greater name recognition and a more established client base than
Metro. In addition, the services offered by Metro have been and continue to be
provided by clients' in-house personnel. There can be no assurance that Metro
will be able to compete successfully against existing or new competitors as the
IT services industry continues to evolve.

Metro plans to develop new IT services, and may not be successful in
integrating these new services into its existing business.

   Metro intends to grow, in part, through the development of IT services
beyond the scope of services presently provided by Metro. Metro's ability to
successfully develop new services depends on a number of factors, including its
ability to identify and effectively integrate new services into its existing
operating structure. The identification and offering of new services in which
Metro has little or no experience or expertise could result in diversion of
management's attention and place disproportionate demands on Metro's
operational, administrative and financial resources. There can be no assurance
that the performance of any new service offerings will meet management's
expectations or provide the same profit margins as Metro's existing operations.

Metro's failure or inability to complete its outsourcing projects could result
in damage to Metro's reputation and give rise to legal claims against Metro.

   Project outsourcing is distinguishable from Metro's core business in that
project outsourcing requires Metro to assume a greater level of responsibility
for developing or maintaining systems on behalf of its clients. Many of Metro's
project outsourcing engagements are critical to the operations of its clients'
businesses. Historically, Metro has completed the vast majority of its
engagements to its clients' satisfaction. However, Metro's failure or inability
to complete these engagements satisfactorily could have a material adverse
effect on its clients' operations and, consequently, may give rise to claims
against Metro for actual or consequential damages or otherwise damage its
reputation. Any of these claims could have a material adverse effect on Metro's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

Metro generally does not have long-term contracts with its clients, and
reductions, cancellations or delays of engagements by its clients could
adversely affect Metro's operating results.

   Substantially all of Metro's contracts to perform services may be canceled
or modified by Metro's clients at will and without penalty. As of June 30,
2001, approximately 61% of Metro's consultants were salaried employees and,
unless terminated, receive full compensation and benefits even if not engaged
in billable work. As a result, cancellation or reduction of a contract may
result in a loss of revenue without a corresponding reduction in cost of
revenue.

Metro is heavily dependent on its key clients, and the loss of one or more key
clients could adversely affect its business.

   The loss of one or more of Metro's large clients could have a material
adverse effect on Metro's business, financial condition and results of
operations. Metro may be responsible for the continued salary costs associated
with consultants whose projects have been terminated by clients until such
consultants are placed in different assignments or their employment is
terminated. In 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the twelve months ended June 30, 2001,
Metro's ten largest clients accounted for approximately 31.3%, 21.7%, 23.2% and
23.9%, respectively, of Metro's revenue, and its largest client accounted for
approximately 4.4%, 3.6%, 5.2% and 5.9%, respectively, of revenue.

Metro faces risks in connection with the industry's trend toward the
utilization of prime vendors.

   To reduce the number of their IT service providers, a number of businesses
are beginning to use a limited number of vendors and, in some cases, a single
vendor. These prime vendors fill client needs directly or through
subcontractors. Metro anticipates that this trend toward prime vendors may
become increasingly common in the marketplace and may result in pricing
pressure and the loss of business opportunities. This trend may lead to reduced
gross profit margins and fewer opportunities for Metro to place consultants,
which would have a material adverse effect on Metro's business, financial
condition and results of operations.

   Metro has taken steps, when practical, to become a prime vendor of IT
services. In certain cases, Metro experiences pricing pressure from clients as
a condition to becoming or remaining a prime vendor. In other cases, Metro
experiences demands to provide consultants in multiple locations to become or
remain a prime vendor. There can be no assurance that Metro will be able to
compete effectively with other prime vendors or remain a prime vendor.

Metro could be subject to employment liability claims.

   Metro employs and places its consultants and other employees at its clients'
businesses. Accordingly, Metro could face claims of discrimination and
harassment, liabilities for errors and omissions by Metro's employees, misuse
of client proprietary information or intellectual property, injury to Metro and
client employees, misappropriation of client funds, theft of client property,
other criminal activity, torts and other similar claims. Metro may also be held
responsible for the actions of persons not under Metro's direct control.
Historically, Metro has not been held responsible in any material instance for
such claims.

Loss of Metro's computer and communications systems could adversely affect
Metro's operating results.

   Metro relies on its computer and communications systems, the hub of which is
located at its corporate headquarters in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Although
Metro has a disaster recovery plan, temporary or permanent loss of these
systems from fire, power loss, natural disaster, operating malfunction or any
other cause could have a material adverse effect on Metro's business, financial
condition and results of operations. Metro's property and business interruption
insurance may not be adequate to compensate Metro for all losses that may
occur.

Loss of any of Metro's key personnel, and particularly Metro's chief executive
officer and/or president, could negatively impact Metro's business because of
their experience, contacts and technological expertise.

   The continued growth and success of Metro is largely dependent on the
efforts, direction and guidance of its existing senior management and on its
ability to attract and retain qualified managers. Metro has entered into
employment agreements with its executive officers, each of which contains
provisions limiting the executive's rights to compete with Metro and hire its
employees. The loss of any of Metro's senior management or key personnel and,
in particular, John H. Fain, Metro's chief executive officer, or Andrew J.
Downing, Metro's president and chief operating officer, or the inability to
attract and retain key management personnel in the

future, could have a material adverse effect on Metro's business, financial
condition and results of operations. Metro carries no key man life insurance
covering Mr. Fain or Mr. Downing.

Others may assert that Metro's technology infringes their intellectual property
rights.

   A portion of Metro's business involves the development of software
applications for specific client engagements. Although Metro believes that its
services do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and has
not historically been accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of
others in any material instance, it may be the subject of claims for
infringement, which, even if successfully defended, could be costly and time
consuming. An infringement claim against Metro could materially and adversely
affect Metro in that Metro may:

  .  experience a diversion of Metro's financial resources and the attention
     of management personnel,

  .  incur damages and litigation costs, including attorneys' fees,

  .  be enjoined from future use of intellectual property,

  .  be required to obtain a license to use intellectual property, incurring
     licensing fees,

  .  need to develop a non-infringing alternative, which could be costly and
     delay projects, and

  .  have to indemnify clients with respect to losses incurred as a result of
     Metro's infringement of intellectual property.

Health plan self-insurance charges could have a material adverse effect on
Metro's operating results and financial condition.

   Metro self-insures a portion of the costs of its group health and dental
plan. On June 30, 2001, approximately 1,789 of Metro's 2,429 full-time
employees were covered by its group health plan. Metro self-insures up to
$125,000 of claims per covered employee per year with a maximum annual
aggregate liability of 125% of expected claims as computed at the end of each
year based on the number of covered persons during the year. Self-insurance
charges may fluctuate materially from quarter to quarter and may have a
material adverse effect on Metro's quarterly and annual financial condition and
results of operations.

Metro's failure or inability to successfully implement and manage its
acquisition strategy may adversely affect Metro's financial performance.

   Metro has grown, in part, through the acquisition of other IT businesses.
Metro's ability to acquire other IT businesses depends on its ability to
identify, finance and complete acquisitions. There is significant competition
for acquisition opportunities, which may increase the cost of acquisition
candidates. Some competitors for these candidates have greater resources than
Metro. Metro will face a variety of additional risks if it completes
acquisitions, including:

  .  the inability to integrate the acquired businesses into Metro's
     operations,

  .  the inability to achieve expected financial results from the acquired
     businesses,

  .  the diversion of management's attention,

  .  the inability to retain key personnel of the acquired businesses,

  .  losses due to liabilities and contingencies of the acquired businesses,
     and

  .  the adverse impact on net income caused by amortization of acquired
     intangible assets and additional interest expense.

   Metro's failure or inability to successfully implement and manage its
acquisition strategy may have a material adverse effect on Metro's business,
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the value

of Metro's capital stock held by shareholders at the time of any acquisition
may be diluted if Metro issues stock to complete any acquisition.

Metro's business is subject to seasonality and other factors outside of its
control, which are difficult to predict and could have a negative impact on
Metro's business, financial condition and results of operations.

   Metro generally experiences lower net sales in its fourth quarter due to the
number of holidays and closings of client facilities during that quarter. Metro
also experiences lower operating results in its first quarter due in part to
the timing of unemployment and social security tax thresholds and delays in
client contract renewals related to client budget approval processes. A higher
percentage of employee wages are subject to unemployment and social security
tax withholding in the first quarter. In later quarters, more employees reach
the annual taxable wage limits for unemployment and social security tax
withholding. These factors are difficult to predict and could adversely affect
Metro's business, financial condition and results of operations.

           CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   Keane and Metro believe this proxy statement/prospectus and the documents
that we incorporate by reference herein contain "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on the
beliefs and assumptions of management of Keane and Metro, based on information
currently available to each company's management. When we use words such as
"believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates,"
"should," "likely" or similar expressions, we are making forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning
possible or assumed future results of operations of Keane or Metro, including
the anticipated cost savings and revenue enhancements from the merger, set
forth under:

  .  "Summary,"

  .  "Risk Factors,"

  .  "Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Data,"

  .  "The Merger--Background of the Merger,"

  .  "The Merger--Keane's Reasons for the Merger,"

  .   "The Merger--Metro's Reasons for the Merger,"

  .  "The Merger--Recommendation of Metro's Board of Directors,"

  .  "The Merger--Opinion of Keane's Financial Advisor--Morgan Stanley & Co.
     Incorporated,"

  .  "The Merger--Opinion of Metro's Financial Advisor--Robert W. Baird & Co.
     Incorporated," and

  .  "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
     of Operations of Metro."

   Forward-looking statements also include the information concerning possible
or assumed future results of operations of Keane under "Business" and
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" in Keane's Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q that we incorporate by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus.

   Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The future results, stockholder values of
Keane or shareholder values of Metro may differ materially from those expressed
in the forward-looking statements. Many of the important factors that will
determine these results and values are beyond Keane's or Metro's ability to
control or predict. You are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-
looking statements. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe
harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Except as otherwise required by law, neither
Keane nor Metro is under a duty to update any of these forward-looking
statements after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.

   There are important factors that may cause actual results to differ
materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. For a
discussion of some of these important factors, you should carefully read the
section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled "Risk Factors."

            SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF KEANE

   In the table below, we provide you with selected historical consolidated
financial data of Keane. We have prepared this information using the
consolidated financial statements of Keane as of and for the five years ended
December 31, 2000 and as of and for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2000
and 2001. The consolidated financial statements as of and for the two years
ended December 31, 2000 have been incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus and have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent
auditors. The consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 1998 have been incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus and have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent auditors. The consolidated financial statements as of and for the
years ended December 31, 1996 and 1997 have not been incorporated by reference
into or included in this proxy statement/prospectus and have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants. The consolidated financial
statements for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2000 and 2001 have not been
audited. The results of the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of
the results to be expected for future periods.

   When you read these selected historical consolidated financial data, it is
important that you read the historical consolidated financial statements and
related notes in our annual and quarterly reports filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, as well as the section of our annual and quarterly reports
titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations."

                                                                          Six Months Ended
                                     Year Ended December 31,                  June 30,
                         ------------------------------------------------ -----------------
                           1996     1997      1998       1999      2000     2000     2001
                         -------- -------- ---------- ---------- -------- -------- --------
                                      (In thousands, except per share amounts)

Income Statement Data:
 Total revenues......... $505,982 $706,801 $1,076,198 $1,041,092 $871,956 $438,007 $405,341
 Operating income.......   47,403   85,163    170,187    116,466   27,921   19,144   19,918
 Net income.............   28,173   51,371     96,349     73,074   20,354   13,486   15,152
 Net income per share
  (basic)............... $   0.40 $   0.73 $     1.36 $     1.02 $   0.29 $   0.19 $   0.22
 Net income per share
  (diluted)............. $   0.40 $   0.72 $     1.33 $     1.01 $   0.29 $   0.19 $   0.22
 *Weighted average
  common shares
  outstanding (basic)...   69,780   70,096     71,053     71,571   69,646   70,595   67,947
 *Weighted average
  common shares and
  common share
  equivalents
  outstanding (diluted)
  equivalents
  outstanding
  (diluted).............   70,540   71,603     72,284     72,395   69,993   71,216   68,825
Balance Sheet Data (at
 period end):
 Total cash and
  investments........... $ 69,079 $ 91,022 $  129,229 $  142,763 $115,212 $132,123 $159,990
 Total assets...........  251,771  329,176    458,959    519,307  463,594  471,676  478,101
 Total debt.............   16,502    9,493      3,930     11,403    8,616    9,904    3,035
 Stockholders' equity...  201,768  257,037    363,784    422,799  370,677  393,018  387,354
 Book value per share... $   2.89 $   3.65 $     5.10 $     5.95 $   5.48 $   5.65 $   5.71
 *Number of shares
  outstanding...........   69,792   70,342     71,336     71,051   67,675   69,622   67,805

--------
* Data for 1996 have been adjusted to reflect the 2-for-1 stock split on Keane
  common stock that was distributed on August 29, 1997 to Keane stockholders of
  record as of August 14, 1997.

   All amounts prior to 1999 have been restated to reflect the acquisitions by
Keane of Bricker & Associates, Inc., Icom Systems Limited and Fourth Tier,
Inc., which were accounted for as poolings-of-interests.

            SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF METRO

   The following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data
of Metro. The income statement data for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999
and 2000, and the balance sheet data at December 31, 1999 and 2000, are derived
from Metro's audited consolidated financial statements included in this proxy
statement/prospectus. The income statement data for the years ended December
31, 1996 and 1997 and the balance sheet data at December 31, 1996, 1997 and
1998 are derived from Metro's audited consolidated financial statements not
included in this proxy statement/prospectus. The income statement data for the
six months ended June 30, 2000 and 2001, and the balance sheet data at June 30,
2000 and 2001, are unaudited. In the opinion of Metro's management, all
necessary adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, for a
fair presentation of the results of operations have been included in the
interim results for the periods presented. Results for the six months ended
June 30, 2001 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for
the full year. These data should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements, including the notes thereto, included in this proxy
statement/prospectus and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations of Metro."

                                                                          Six Months Ended
                                    Year Ended December 31,                   June 30,
                          ----------------------------------------------  ------------------
                            1996      1997     1998     1999      2000      2000      2001
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
                                     (In thousands, except per share amounts)

Income Statement Data:
Revenue.................  $113,963  $152,578 $213,892 $314,646  $313,591  $158,009  $148,616
Cost of revenue.........    79,752   106,080  148,322  222,681   221,566   112,734   107,431
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
 Gross profit...........    34,211    46,498   65,570   91,965    92,025    45,275    41,185
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
Selling, general and
 administrative
 expenses...............    24,347    30,264   40,349   58,140    67,385    33,877    33,943
Depreciation and
 amortization...........       763     1,158    1,851    5,584     8,082     3,980     4,324
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
 Total operating
  expenses..............    25,110    31,422   42,200   63,724    75,467    37,857    38,267
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
Restructuring charge....       --        --       --       --        403       747       904
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
Operating income........     9,101    15,076   23,370   28,241    16,155     6,671     2,014
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
Net interest (expense)
 income.................      (260)      729      781   (2,875)   (6,718)   (2,771)   (2,607)
Other income............       --        --       --       --        --        --      1,000
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
Income before income
 taxes..................     8,841    15,805   24,151   25,366     9,437     3,900       407
Income taxes(1).........       --      6,178    9,534   10,223     4,302     1,589       406
                          --------  -------- -------- --------  --------  --------  --------
Net income..............  $  8,841  $  9,627 $ 14,617 $ 15,143  $  5,135  $  2,311  $      1
                          ========  ======== ======== ========  ========  ========  ========
Net income per share--
 basic..................  $   0.71  $   0.66 $   0.98 $   1.01  $   0.34  $   0.15  $   0.00
                          ========  ======== ======== ========  ========  ========  ========
Net income per share--
 diluted................  $   0.71  $   0.66 $   0.97 $   1.01  $   0.34  $   0.15  $   0.00
                          ========  ======== ======== ========  ========  ========  ========
Weighted average number
 of shares of common
 stock and potential
 dilutive securities
 outstanding:
 Basic..................    12,397    14,611   14,845   14,929    15,101    15,054    15,249
 Diluted................    12,397    14,662   15,001   14,986    15,145    15,098    15,259
Income before income
 taxes..................  $  8,841
Pro forma provision for
 income taxes(1)........     3,536
                          --------
Pro forma net
 income(1)..............  $  5,305
                          ========
Pro forma net income per
 share--basic and
 diluted(1).............  $   0.42
                          ========
Pro forma weighted
 average shares
 outstanding--basic and
 diluted(2).............    12,669

                                       December 31,                    June 30,
                         ----------------------------------------- -----------------
                          1996    1997    1998     1999     2000     2000     2001
                         ------- ------- ------- -------- -------- -------- --------
                                  (In thousands, except per share amounts)

Balance Sheet Data:
Working capital......... $ 6,369 $34,560 $36,777 $ 42,047 $ 42,647 $ 46,145 $ 38,727
Total assets............  21,572  58,533  81,000  190,179  189,280  185,230  180,693
Line of credit
 facilities.............   2,547     --      --    82,467   83,443   79,659   75,130
Redeemable common
 stock..................   2,651     --      --       --       --       --       --
Total shareholders'
 equity.................   8,354  45,128  61,245   78,141   84,937   81,577   85,424
Book value per share.... $  0.95 $  3.05 $  4.11 $   5.20 $   5.58 $   5.39 $   5.57
Number of shares
 outstanding............   8,768  14,820  14,884   15,022   15,223   15,123   15,338

--------
(1) Throughout 1996, Metro was an S corporation for federal and certain state
    income tax purposes. The pro forma provision for income taxes reflects a
    provision for income taxes, as if Metro were a C corporation for income tax
    purposes during 1996, at an assumed effective tax rate of 40%. Effective
    January 1, 1997, Metro revoked its S-election, subjecting it to corporate
    income taxes at federal, state and local levels.
(2) In accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting
    Bulletin Topic 1B3, pro forma weighted average shares outstanding for 1996
    are increased to reflect certain distributions in excess of earnings.

              SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

   The following table presents selected unaudited pro forma combined financial
data of Keane and Metro as of June 30, 2001 and for the year ended December 31,
2000 and the six months ended June 30, 2001, giving effect to the merger as if
it had occurred as of January 1, 2000 for the statement of income data and as
of June 30, 2001 for the balance sheet data. The data have been prepared giving
effect to the merger under the purchase method of accounting, whereby the total
cost of the acquisition has been preliminarily allocated to the tangible and
intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective
fair values at the effective date of the acquisition. This information should
be read in conjunction with the unaudited pro forma combined condensed
financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus. The selected unaudited pro forma combined financial data
are presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative
of the operating results or financial position that would have been achieved
had the merger been consummated as of the dates indicated or that may be
achieved in the future.

                                                                   Six Months
                                                   Year Ended         Ended
                                                December 31, 2000 June 30, 2001
                                                ----------------- -------------
                                                     (in thousands, except
                                                      per share amounts)

Statement of Income Data:
  Revenues.....................................    $1,185,547       $553,957
  Cost of revenue and other operating
   expenses....................................     1,161,294        539,331
                                                   ----------       --------
    Net income.................................    $   24,253       $ 14,626
                                                   ==========       ========
  Basic net income per share...................    $     0.31       $   0.19
  Diluted net income per share.................    $     0.31       $   0.19
  Shares used in computing basic net income per
   share.......................................        77,008         75,309
  Shares used in computing diluted net income
   per share...................................        77,493         76,364

                                                                      As of
                                                                  June 30, 2001
                                                                  --------------
                                                                  (in thousands)

Balance Sheet Data:
  Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities...............    $159,832
  Total assets...................................................     731,496
  Current liabilities............................................     188,028
  Noncurrent liabilities.........................................      21,330
  Stockholders' equity...........................................     522,138

                      UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

   The following tables present (a) the basic and diluted net income per share
and book value per share data for each of Keane and Metro on a historical
basis, (b) the historical basic and diluted net income per share and book value
per share for the combined company on a pro forma basis and (c) the historical
basic and diluted net income per share and book value per share for Metro on an
equivalent pro forma combined basis. Under Metro equivalent pro forma combined
below, Metro and Keane show the effect of the merger from the perspective of an
owner of shares of Metro common stock. The unaudited pro forma combined
financial data are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that
would have been achieved had the transaction been in effect as of the beginning
of the periods and should not be construed as representative of future
operations. Neither Keane nor Metro declared any cash dividends for the periods
presented below.

   We calculate historical book value per share by dividing shareholders'
equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the end of each
period.

   We calculate pro forma combined--per combined companies share book value by
dividing pro forma shareholders' equity by the pro forma number of shares of
Keane common stock which would have been outstanding had the merger been
consummated as of each balance sheet date. For the purposes of the pro forma
combined net income per share and book value per share data, Keane's historical
financial data for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the six months ended
June 30, 2001 have been combined with Metro's financial data for the year ended
December 31, 2000 and the six months ended June 30, 2001, respectively.

   We calculate Metro equivalent pro forma combined amounts by multiplying the
pro forma combined per share amounts by the exchange ratio of 0.48 of a share
of Keane common stock for each share of Metro common stock.

                                             At and For the    At and For the
                                               Year Ended     Six Months Ended
                                            December 31, 2000  June 30, 2001
                                            ----------------- ----------------

Keane--Historical:
Basic net income per share.................       $0.29            $0.22
Diluted net income per share...............       $0.29            $0.22
Book value per share.......................       $5.48            $5.71
Metro--Historical:
Basic net income per share.................       $0.34            $ --
Diluted net income per share...............       $0.34            $ --
Book value per share.......................       $5.58            $5.57
Pro forma combined--Per combined companies
 share:
Basic net income per share.................       $0.31            $0.19
Diluted net income per share...............       $0.31            $0.19
Book value per share.......................       $6.74            $6.95
Equivalent pro forma combined--Per Metro
 share:
Basic net income per share.................       $0.15            $0.09
Diluted net income per share...............       $0.15            $0.09
Book value per share.......................       $3.24            $3.34

                     MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

Keane Market Price Information

   Keane common stock has traded on the American Stock Exchange under the
symbol "KEA" since September 15, 1989.

   The table below sets forth the range of intraday high and low sales prices
of Keane common stock as reported on the American Stock Exchange for 1999 and
2000 and for 2001 to date.

                                                                  High   Low
                                                                 ------ ------

     Quarter ended March 31, 1999............................... $42.50 $21.31
     Quarter ended June 30, 1999................................  31.69  18.00
     Quarter ended September 30, 1999...........................  28.75  20.50
     Quarter ended December 31, 1999............................  32.75  20.06

     Quarter ended March 31, 2000............................... $30.94 $22.19
     Quarter ended June 30, 2000................................  29.38  20.38
     Quarter ended September 30, 2000...........................  25.00  15.84
     Quarter ended December 31, 2000............................  15.95   9.75

     Quarter ended March 31, 2001............................... $18.75 $ 9.28
     Quarter ended June 30, 2001................................  22.00  11.40
     Quarter ended September 30, 2001...........................  21.01  12.45
     Quarter ending December 31, 2001 (through October 1,
      2001).....................................................  13.90  13.25

   As of September 28, 2001, Keane had approximately 2,466 record holders of
its common stock.

Metro Market Price Information

   Metro common stock has traded on The Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"MISI" since its initial public offering on January 29, 1997.

   The table below sets forth the range of intraday high and low sales prices
of Metro common stock as reported on The Nasdaq National Market for 1999 and
2000 and for 2001 to date.

                                                                  High   Low
                                                                 ------ ------

     Quarter ended March 31, 1999............................... $37.00 $15.25
     Quarter ended June 30, 1999................................  27.00  14.75
     Quarter ended September 30, 1999...........................  18.94  12.25
     Quarter ended December 31, 1999............................  26.25  12.00

     Quarter ended March 31, 2000............................... $28.06 $14.00
     Quarter ended June 30, 2000................................  15.00   6.00
     Quarter ended September 30, 2000...........................   9.50   6.13
     Quarter ended December 31, 2000............................   8.19   4.25

     Quarter ended March 31, 2001............................... $ 9.13 $ 5.75
     Quarter ended June 30, 2001................................   7.63   3.80
     Quarter ended September 30, 2001...........................   8.38   3.35
     Quarter ending December 31, 2001 (through October 1,
      2001).....................................................   6.40   6.10

   As of September 28, 2001, Metro had approximately 2,711 record holders of
its common stock.

Recent Closing Prices

   The following table sets forth the closing prices per share of Keane common
stock and Metro common stock as reported on the American Stock Exchange and The
Nasdaq National Market, respectively, on August 20, 2001, the last full trading
day prior to the public announcement that Keane and Metro had entered into the
merger agreement, and      , 2001, the last full trading day for which closing
prices were available at the time of the printing of this proxy
statement/prospectus. This table also sets forth the equivalent price per share
of Metro common stock on those dates. The equivalent price per share is equal
to the closing price of a share of Keane common stock on that date multiplied
by 0.48, the exchange ratio in the merger.

                                                        Keane  Metro  Equivalent
                                                        Common Common per Share
Date                                                    Stock  Stock    Price
----                                                    ------ ------ ----------

August 20, 2001........................................ $18.46 $3.70    $8.86
, 2001................................................. $        $        $

   Metro and Keane believe that Metro common stock presently trades on the
basis of the value of Keane common stock expected to be issued in exchange for
the Metro common stock in the merger, discounted primarily for the
uncertainties associated with the merger.

   You should obtain current market quotations for Keane common stock and Metro
common stock. No assurance can be given as to the market prices of Keane common
stock or Metro common stock at any time before completing the merger or as to
the market price of Keane common stock at any time after the merger. Because
the exchange ratio is fixed, the exchange ratio will not be adjusted to
compensate Metro shareholders for decreases in the market price of Keane common
stock which could occur before the merger becomes effective. In the event the
market price of Keane common stock decreases or increases prior to completing
the merger, the value of the Keane common stock to be received in the merger in
exchange for Metro common stock would correspondingly decrease or increase.

Dividends

   Keane has not declared or paid cash dividends on Keane common stock since
June 1986. Keane currently intends to retain earnings, if any, to support its
growth strategy and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the
discretion of Keane's board of directors after taking into account various
factors, including Keane's financial condition, operating results, current and
anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion. Keane's articles of
organization restrict the ability of Keane's board of directors to declare
regular quarterly dividends on shares of Keane's class B common stock unless a
noncumulative per share dividend which is $0.05 per share greater is paid at
the same time on the shares of Keane's common stock.

   Since Metro became a public company in January 1997, it has not declared or
paid cash dividends, and Metro does not intend to pay any cash dividends on its
common stock in the foreseeable future. If the merger does not occur, Metro
currently intends to retain earnings. Metro's future dividend policy will
depend on its earnings, capital requirements and financial condition and the
requirements of the financing agreements to which it may be a party, and on
other factors considered relevant by its board of directors. Metro's existing
credit facilities restrict its ability to declare dividends. For additional
information, please see note 6 to Metro's audited consolidated financial
statements and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations of Metro" included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

                           THE METRO SPECIAL MEETING

   Metro is furnishing this document to holders of Metro common stock in
connection with the solicitation by the Metro board of directors of proxies to
be voted at the special meeting to be held on Friday, November 9, 2001, and at
any postponement or adjournment of the meeting. This document is first being
mailed to Metro shareholders on or about      , 2001. This document is also
furnished to Metro shareholders as a prospectus in connection with the issuance
by Keane of shares of Keane common stock as contemplated by the merger
agreement.

Date, Time and Place of Meeting

   The special meeting of Metro's shareholders will be held on Friday, November
9, 2001 at 9:00 a.m., local time, at the Sheraton Norfolk Waterside Hotel, 777
Waterside Drive, Norfolk, Virginia 23510.

What Will Be Voted Upon

   At the special meeting, shareholders of Metro at the close of business on
September 28, 2001 will be asked to:

  .  approve and adopt the merger agreement with Keane, under which Metro
     will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Keane and each outstanding
     share of Metro will be converted into 0.48 of a share of common stock of
     Keane and cash, without interest, for any fractional shares, and

  .  transact any other business that may properly come before the special
     meeting or any postponements or adjournments of that meeting.

   The agreement and plan of merger and the related plan of merger are attached
to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A and Annex B, respectively. See
the sections entitled "The Merger" and "The Merger Agreement."

Record Date and Outstanding Shares

   Only shareholders of record of Metro common stock at the close of business
on September 28, 2001, the record date for the special meeting, are entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting. Each holder of record of Metro
common stock at the close of business on the record date is entitled to one
vote for each share of Metro common stock then held on each matter voted on by
shareholders. At the close of business on the record date, there were
15,337,760 shares of Metro common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to
vote held by approximately 2,711 holders of record.

Vote Required to Approve the Merger

   The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Metro common stock
entitled to vote at the special meeting must vote in favor of approving and
adopting the merger agreement.

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

   The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the
special meeting must be present in person or represented by proxy to constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business. Abstentions are counted for purposes
of determining whether a quorum exists.

   If you hold your shares of Metro common stock through a broker, bank or
other nominee, generally the nominee may only vote your Metro common stock in
accordance with your instructions. However, if it has not timely received your
instructions, the nominee may vote on matters for which it has discretionary
voting authority. Brokers will not have discretionary voting authority to vote
on the proposal to approve and adopt the

merger agreement. If a nominee cannot vote on a matter because it does not have
discretionary voting authority, this is a "broker non-vote" on that matter.
Broker non-votes are counted as shares present or represented at the special
meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists.

   For purposes of the vote with respect to the merger agreement required under
Virginia law, a failure to vote, a vote to abstain and a broker non-vote will
each have the same legal effect as a vote against approval and adoption of the
merger agreement.

   If a Metro shareholder executes a proxy card without giving instructions,
the shares of Metro common stock represented by that proxy card will be voted
"FOR" approval and adoption of the merger agreement. The Metro board is not
aware of any other matters to be voted on at the special meeting. If any other
matters properly come before the special meeting, including a motion to adjourn
the special meeting in order to solicit additional proxies, the persons named
on the proxy card will vote the shares represented by all properly executed
proxies on those matters in their discretion, except that shares represented by
proxies that have been voted "AGAINST" approval and adoption of the merger
agreement will not be used to vote "FOR" adjournment of the special meeting to
allow additional time to solicit additional votes "FOR" the merger agreement.

Share Ownership of Management and Certain Shareholders

   On the record date, all Metro directors, executive officers and their
affiliates, including Mr. Fain, who, together with family trusts, held in the
aggregate approximately 59.6% of the outstanding shares of Metro common stock.
See "Metro's Principal Shareholders." All directors and executive officers of
Metro have indicated their intention to vote all shares over which they
exercise voting control in favor of the merger agreement.

   Mr. Fain, who, together with various family trusts, beneficially owned
8,360,665 shares of Metro common stock, or approximately 54.5% of Metro's
outstanding shares on the record date, has executed a shareholder's agreement
with Keane. Under the shareholder's agreement, Mr. Fain has agreed to vote a
portion of these shares representing 40% of Metro's outstanding shares in favor
of the merger agreement. Mr. Fain executed an irrevocable proxy that enables
Keane to vote these shares to approve and adopt the merger agreement. Mr. Fain
was not paid additional consideration in connection with the irrevocable proxy.
The shareholder's agreement is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as
Annex C. See "Other Agreements--Shareholder's Agreement."

Voting and Revocation of Proxies

   You may revoke your proxy at any time before the proxy is exercised by one
of the following means:

  .  sending the secretary of Metro a notice revoking the proxy,

  .  submitting a duly executed proxy with a later date, or

  .  voting in person at the special meeting.

   All shares represented by each properly executed and not revoked proxy
received by the secretary of Metro prior to the special meeting will be voted
in accordance with the instructions given on the proxy. If no instructions are
indicated, the proxy will be voted to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

   Metro will bear the cost of the solicitation of proxies from its
shareholders. Officers, directors and regular employees of Metro, who will
receive no additional compensation for their services, may solicit proxies by
telephone or personal call. Metro has asked brokers and nominees who hold stock
in their names to give the proxy statement/prospectus to their clients. In
addition to solicitation by mail, brokerage houses and other custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries will send beneficial owners the proxy materials. Metro
will, upon request,

reimburse those brokerage houses and custodians for their reasonable expenses.
We urge you to vote your proxy without delay.

Board Recommendation

   Metro's board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement and believes that the terms of the merger agreement are in the best
interests of Metro and its shareholders. Therefore, Metro's board of directors
recommends that Metro shareholders vote for approval and adoption of the merger
agreement.

   The proposed merger is of great importance to the shareholders of Metro.
Accordingly, you are urged to read and carefully consider the information
presented in this proxy statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign and
promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-prepaid
envelope.

You Do Not Have Dissenters' Or Appraisal Rights

   Under Virginia law, you are not entitled to exercise dissenters' or
appraisal rights as a result of the merger or to demand payment for your
shares.

   You should not send any certificates representing Metro common stock at this
time. Following the effective time of the merger, you will receive instructions
for the surrender and exchange of your Metro stock certificates.

                                   THE MERGER

   This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes material aspects of
the proposed merger, including the merger agreement. While Keane and Metro
believe that the description covers the material terms of the merger and the
related transactions, this summary may not contain all of the information that
is important to you. You should read this entire document and the other
documents referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus carefully for a more
complete understanding of the merger.

Background of the Merger

   Metro's and Keane's founders have known each other for over 15 years. In
June 2000, Brian T. Keane, Keane's chief executive officer and president,
telephoned John H. Fain, Metro's chairman of the board and chief executive
officer, to discuss meeting about a possible business combination or other
strategic alliance. During July, August and September 2000, management
representatives of Keane and Metro engaged in periodic discussions as to
whether there was any mutual interest in pursuing a possible business
combination or other strategic alliance. The parties exchanged non-public
information regarding their respective businesses and discussed industry trends
generally. Neither party made any specific proposal regarding a possible
combination at these meetings. Moreover, Mr. Fain decided not to pursue any
possible business combination with Keane or any other company at that time due
to Metro's then existing position in the market.

   In early April 2001, Mr. Keane telephoned Mr. Fain to again explore a
potential business combination between the two companies. Messrs. Keane and
Fain agreed to continue discussions after each company released its respective
earnings for the first quarter of 2001. Following these discussions, Mr. Fain
and representatives of Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated began reviewing
certain financial and strategic considerations relating to a potential business
combination between the two companies.

   On April 26, 2001, Messrs. Keane and Fain began to more formally discuss a
potential business combination between the two companies and agreed to meet in
Chicago, Illinois on May 14, 2001 to discuss in greater detail the merits of a
possible business combination.

   On May 7, 2001, Messrs. Keane and Fain discussed the possibility of
exchanging information relating to the performance of their respective branch
offices prior to the meeting in Chicago. Messrs. Keane and Fain agreed to
exchange this information.

   Between May 10, 2001 and May 16, 2001, representatives from Morgan Stanley &
Co. Incorporated, Keane's financial advisor, and Mr. Keane engaged in several
discussions relating to potential transaction structures and other
considerations relating to a potential business combination between Keane and
Metro.

   On May 14, 2001, Messrs. Keane and Fain met in person in Chicago to discuss
the strategic benefits of a business combination and its possible terms. They
discussed a number of issues relating to Keane's business strategy, Metro's
market position and internal organization, and potential synergies of a
business combination between the two companies, including cross-selling
opportunities, as well as other corporate and branch office redundancies.

   On May 21, 2001, Metro formally engaged Baird to serve as its financial
advisor with regard to the possible business combination of Keane and Metro.

   On May 23, 2001, Keane and Metro entered into a mutual non-disclosure
agreement that included Keane's agreement not to purchase shares of Metro for a
three-year period other than in a negotiated transaction.

   Between May 23, 2001 and June 27, 2001, Messrs. Keane and Fain began
discussing an appropriate exchange ratio in connection with the potential
merger of the two companies, the potential role of Metro's senior management in
the combined company and issues relating to severance and retention bonuses for
Metro employees.

   Between May 24, 2001 and June 13, 2001, representatives of Morgan Stanley
engaged in discussions with representatives of Baird, on behalf of their
respective clients, regarding potential valuations, financial models, business
and legal due diligence and other issues relating to a business combination
between the two companies.

   At a regular meeting of Keane's board of directors on May 30, 2001, Keane
management informed the board that discussions were taking place with Metro
regarding a possible business combination. No formal vote was taken, but the
directors supported the discussions.

   On June 6, 2001, the audit committee of the board of directors of Metro held
a regularly scheduled meeting at Metro's executive offices. At the end of that
meeting, Mr. Fain mentioned to the members of the audit committee that he had
had preliminary discussions with members of management of Keane and its
financial advisors and that he, Andrew J. Downing, Metro's president and chief
operating officer, Robert J. Eveleigh, Metro's chief financial officer, and
representatives of Baird were scheduled to meet with Keane and its financial
advisors on Friday, June 8, 2001 in Baltimore, Maryland.

   On June 8, 2001, Mr. Keane, John J. Leahy, Keane's chief financial officer,
Messrs. Fain, Downing and Eveleigh, and representatives from Morgan Stanley and
Baird met in person in Baltimore to discuss Metro's business, including its
service lines, office structure, management team, sales strategy, sales
pipeline, clients, consultants and general business operations.

   On June 11, 2001, after discussions with Mr. Keane, representatives of
Morgan Stanley informed representatives of Baird of the range of exchange
ratios Keane was considering pending further business and legal due diligence.

   At a regular meeting of Metro's board of directors on June 11, 2001, Metro
management informed the full board of directors of the results of the June 8
meeting with Keane and the range of exchange ratios being considered by Keane.
No formal vote was taken, but the directors supported the discussions.

   On June 12, 2001, the board of directors of Metro held a special meeting
after Metro's annual meeting of shareholders. At this meeting, the board
discussed the tentative proposal it had received from its four banks regarding
replacement of its credit facility, the current status of its negotiations with
Keane, preliminary results of ongoing cost reduction initiatives and plans for
further cost reductions to address Metro's business condition. The board held a
teleconference call with representatives of Baird at this meeting. No formal
vote was taken, but the directors supported continuing the discussions with
Keane and the banks.

   On June 19, 2001, Metro publicly announced a series of cost-reduction
initiatives.

   On July 10, 2001, the board of directors of Metro held a special meeting
attended by Metro's outside counsel and representatives of Baird at the offices
of Metro's outside counsel. The purposes of this meeting were to inform the
board regarding the current status of the discussions with Keane and to
determine whether to go forward with continuing due diligence. At the meeting,
Metro's outside counsel reviewed the board's fiduciary duties under Virginia
law, and representatives of Baird reviewed its preliminary financial analysis
of Keane and the proposed merger. After this review, the board passed a motion
encouraging management to continue discussions with Keane and to continue
negotiating replacement credit facilities with its four banks.

   On July 14, 2001, drafts of the merger agreement and related agreements were
distributed by counsel for Keane for review by Keane, Metro and its outside
counsel. From this date through August 20, 2001, Keane, together with its
outside counsel and other advisors, and Metro, together with its outside
counsel and other advisors, negotiated the various terms of the merger
agreement and related documents.

   Commencing on July 16, 2001, representatives of Keane, including its
financial advisor, accountants and outside counsel, conducted a due diligence
investigation of Metro, which included attending presentations from Metro's
management and reviewing documents made available at the offices of Metro's
outside counsel and at the offices of Metro.

   On July 25, 2001, a special meeting of the board of directors of Metro was
held at the company's executive offices. At this meeting, management informed
the board of the status of the negotiations with Keane and reviewed the terms
of a draft merger agreement and shareholder's agreement submitted by Keane and
its advisors. No formal vote was taken, but the directors supported continuing
the negotiations with Keane.

   At a regular meeting of Keane's board of directors on July 26, 2001, Keane
management informed the board of the status of negotiations with Metro and its
advisors. No formal vote was taken, but Keane's directors supported continued
discussions with Metro.

   Commencing on July 30, 2001, representatives of Metro, including its
financial advisor, outside counsel and accountants, conducted a due diligence
investigation of Keane, which included attending presentations from Keane's
management and reviewing documents made available at Keane's corporate office
and other documents made available by Keane's management.

   Commencing on August 1, 2001, representatives of Keane and Metro discussed
issues relating to the integration of the two companies.

   On August 8, 2001, Mr. Keane telephoned Mr. Fain to discuss the appropriate
exchange ratio. Between August 8, 2001 and August 20, 2001, Messrs. Keane and
Fain and their respective financial advisors had a number of telephone
conversations regarding the exchange ratio.

   Negotiations among management of and counsel for Keane and Metro continued
from August 8, 2001 to August 20, 2001. The parties negotiated the terms of the
merger agreement, including the exchange ratio, termination rights and fees,
non-solicitation provisions and the terms of the related documentation. During
this period, final agreement on these and other issues was reached over the
course of several discussions between management of and counsel for Keane and
Metro.

   On August 20, 2001, the parties completed their diligence reviews and
finalized the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements.

   On August 20, 2001, Keane's board held a special meeting to review the final
terms of the merger agreement and related documents and to consider the
approval of the merger agreement. Members of Keane's management reviewed with
Keane's board the terms of the merger and the merger agreement. At the meeting,
representatives of Morgan Stanley reviewed its financial analysis with respect
to the possible combination of Keane and Metro, and then delivered the oral
opinion of Morgan Stanley, later confirmed in writing, that the exchange ratio
in the merger was fair to Keane from a financial point of view. Additionally,
representatives of Hale and Dorr LLP, Keane's outside counsel, made a
presentation regarding the significant terms of the merger agreement and the
shareholder's agreement to be entered into between Keane and John H. Fain and
reviewed with the board its fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed
transaction. Keane's board, after considering the terms of the merger agreement
and other related documents and the various presentations, unanimously approved
the merger agreement and the related documentation. Keane's board then
authorized Keane's management to execute the merger agreement and related
agreements.

   On August 20, 2001, Metro's board held a special meeting to review the final
terms of the merger agreement and related documents and to consider the
approval of the merger agreement. Members of Metro's management reviewed with
Metro's board the terms of the merger and the merger agreement. Metro's board
also considered and discussed with Metro's management and Metro's legal and
financial advisors the various strategic alternatives available to Metro,
including the possibility of remaining independent. At the meeting, Baird
presented an analysis of the financial terms of the merger, including a
discussion of financial data and analyses used in evaluating the possible
combination of Keane and Metro. After its presentation, Baird provided an oral
opinion, later confirmed in writing, to the effect that, as of August 20, 2001
and based upon and subject to the various considerations set forth in its
opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger was fair from a financial point of
view to the holders of Metro common stock (other than Keane and its
affiliates).

Additionally, representatives of Williams, Mullen, Clark & Dobbins, Metro's
outside counsel, made a presentation regarding the significant terms of the
merger agreement and the shareholder's agreement to be entered into between
Keane and John H. Fain and reviewed with the board its fiduciary duties in
connection with the proposed transaction. Metro's board, after considering the
terms of the merger agreement and other related documents and the various
presentations, unanimously approved the merger agreement and the related
documentation, concluding that the consideration to be paid to Metro's
shareholders in the merger was in the best interests of Metro and its
shareholders. Metro's board then authorized Metro's management to execute the
merger agreement and related agreements.

   On the evening of August 20, 2001, Metro, Keane and Keane's subsidiary,
Veritas Acquisition Corp., executed the merger agreement and related
agreements.

   On August 21, 2001, prior to the opening of business, Keane and Metro issued
a joint press release announcing the merger.

Keane's Reasons for the Merger

   The Keane board of directors unanimously concluded that the merger was fair
to, and in the best interests of, Keane and its stockholders. The decision of
the board of directors was based on several potential benefits of the merger
that it believes will contribute to Keane' success. These potential benefits
include:

  .  creating cross-selling opportunities and associated revenue growth by
     providing Keane with a larger and more diverse client base,

  .  strengthening Keane's competitive position by combining Keane's and
     Metro's complementary service offerings,

  .  leveraging Keane's fixed costs as a result of combining the
     infrastructure and management organizations of the two companies,

  .  enhancing Keane's financial position in the long term and facilitating
     Keane's ability to complete future acquisitions in the long term, and

  .  enhancing earnings as the acquisition of Metro is expected to be
     accretive to Keane's earnings.

   The Keane board of directors reviewed the following material factors in
evaluating the merger:

  .  historical information concerning Keane's and Metro's respective
     business focus, financial performance and condition, operations,
     technology and management,

  .  Keane management's view of the financial condition, results of
     operations and business of Keane and Metro before and after giving
     effect to the merger and the determination by the Keane board of
     directors of the merger's effect on stockholder value,

  .  current financial market conditions and historical stock market prices,
     volatility and trading information,

  .  the consideration Keane will pay in the merger in light of comparable
     merger transactions,

  .  the terms of the merger agreement,

  .  the impact of the merger on Keane's clients, employees and stockholders,

  .  results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Keane's
     management, accountants and counsel,

  .  the expectation that the merger will be accounted for as a purchase
     transaction for accounting purposes, and

  .  the financial presentation of Morgan Stanley, including Morgan Stanley's
     opinion to the Keane board as to the fairness, from a financial point of
     view and as of the date of the opinion, of the exchange ratio, as
     described below under the caption "--Opinion of Keane's Financial
     Advisor--Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated."

   During the course of its deliberations concerning the merger, the Keane
board also identified and considered the following potentially negative factors
that could materialize as a result of the merger:

  .  the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
     fully realized,

  .  the possibility that the merger might not be completed, even if approved
     and adopted by Metro's shareholders,

  .  the effect of the public announcement of the merger on Keane's and
     Metro's businesses, including their respective employees and clients,

  .  the risk that the value to be received by Metro shareholders in the
     merger could increase significantly from that determined as of the date
     of the merger agreement due to the fixed exchange ratio used in the
     merger, thus increasing Keane's purchase price,

  .  the effect of the public announcement of the merger on the price per
     share of Keane's common stock,

  .  the impact of a slowing economy on the IT services business as a whole
     and on Metro's revenue specifically,

  .  the difficulty of integrating Metro's branch offices and the distraction
     such integration may cause Keane's management, employees and clients,

  .  the strain Keane's existing corporate structure may sustain due to the
     integration of Metro,

  .  Keane's obligation to pay Metro a termination fee of $8,100,000,
     inclusive of Metro's expenses, in the event of a termination of the
     merger agreement for specified reasons,

  .  the risks associated with obtaining the necessary approvals required to
     complete the merger, and

  .  other applicable risks described in this proxy statement/prospectus
     under "Risk Factors" beginning on page 11.

   The Keane board concluded that these factors were outweighed by the
potential benefits to be gained by the merger. In view of the wide variety of
factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the
complexity of these matters, the Keane board did not find it useful to and did
not attempt to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to these
factors. In addition, the Keane board did not undertake to make any specific
determination as to whether any particular factor, or any aspect of any
particular factor, was favorable or unfavorable to the Keane board's ultimate
determination, but rather the Keane board conducted an overall analysis of the
factors described above, including thorough discussions with and questioning of
Keane's management and legal, financial and accounting advisors. In considering
the factors described above, individual members of the Keane board may have
given different weight to different factors.

Metro's Reasons for the Merger

   Metro's board of directors unanimously approved and adopted the terms of the
merger agreement and determined that the terms of the merger agreement are in
the best interests of Metro and its shareholders. Accordingly, Metro's board
has approved and adopted the merger agreement and the consummation of the
merger and recommends that Metro shareholders vote FOR approval and adoption of
the merger agreement. In reaching its decision, Metro's board of directors
consulted with Metro's management and legal and financial advisors, and
considered the following material factors:

  .  The strategic fit between the services offered by Keane and those
     offered by Metro. Management of Metro believes that by combining Metro's
     primary services with those already offered by Keane, the combined
     company will be able to offer a broader range of solutions which clients
     want.

  .  The ability of the combined entity to take advantage of a larger and
     more diverse client base. Keane has greater penetration of its sales
     force and clients than does Metro, which Metro's management expects will
     enable the combined company to make additional sales by cross selling to
     existing clients.

  .  The premium over the value of Metro's business represented by the
     proposed consideration on the trading day prior to announcement of the
     transaction. The proposed consideration in the merger represented a
     premium of approximately 139% over the value of Metro's business on
     August 20, 2001, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the
     merger agreement.

  .  The ability of Metro shareholders to participate in the potential for
     growth of the combined company following the merger. Metro shareholders
     will be able to retain their equity interest in the form of the Keane
     common stock that they will receive in the merger, and thereby
     participate in the potential growth of their investment following the
     merger.

  .  The ability to provide Metro shareholders with greater liquidity for
     their investment. The widely-held nature of Keane's common stock will
     provide Metro shareholders with greater liquidity than is available to
     Metro shareholders with their Metro shares due to the larger trading
     volume of Keane's common stock.

   In the course of deliberations, the Metro board reviewed with Metro
management and its legal and financial advisors the following additional
factors relevant to the merger:

  .  historical information concerning Keane's and Metro's respective
     businesses, financial performance and condition, operations, management
     and competitive position, including public reports concerning results of
     operations during the most recent fiscal year and fiscal quarters for
     each company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,

  .  results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Metro's
     management, accountants and outside counsel,

  .  Metro management's view of the financial condition, results of
     operations and businesses of Keane and Metro before and after giving
     effect to the merger based on management due diligence,

  .  the impact of the merger on Metro's management, employees and clients,

  .  current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
     volatility and trading information with respect to Keane common stock
     and Metro common stock,

  .  the terms of the merger agreement, including the parties' respective
     representations, warranties and covenants, the conditions to the
     parties' respective obligations, and the expected tax-free treatment of
     the exchange of Metro common stock for Keane common stock to Metro's
     shareholders,

  .  Metro management's view as to the potential for other third parties to
     enter into strategic relationships with or to acquire Metro,

  .  the likelihood of consolidation in the IT services industry, and

  .  the financial presentation of Baird, including Baird's opinion to the
     Metro board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of
     the date of the opinion, of the exchange ratio, as described below under
     the caption "--Opinion of Metro's Financial Advisor--Robert W. Baird &
     Co. Incorporated."

   Metro's board of directors also considered the provisions of the merger
agreement regarding Metro's rights to consider and negotiate other strategic
transaction proposals, as well as the possible effects of the provisions
regarding termination fees. Metro's board of directors considered various
alternatives to the merger, including remaining as an independent company.
Metro's board of directors believed that these factors, including its review of
the terms of the merger agreement, supported the Metro board's recommendation
of the merger, when viewed together with the risks and potential benefits of
the merger.

   Metro's board of directors also identified and considered the following
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger:

  .  the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
     fully realized,

  .  the risk that the value to be received by Metro shareholders in the
     merger could decline significantly from that determined as of the date
     of the merger agreement due to the fixed exchange ratio used in the
     merger,

  .  Metro's obligation to pay Keane a termination fee of $8,100,000,
     inclusive of Keane's expenses, in the event of a termination of the
     merger agreement for specified reasons,

  .  the impact of the loss of Metro's status as an independent company on
     its shareholders and employees and the loss of control over the future
     operations of the combined company after the merger,

  .  the possibility that the merger may not be completed, even if approved
     and adopted by Metro's shareholders,

  .  the possibility that the merger might not be completed and the potential
     adverse effect of the public announcement of the merger on Metro's
     significant clients and other key relationships,

  .  Metro's ability to attract and retain key management, marketing and
     technical personnel,

  .  Metro's overall competitive position,

  .  the risk that despite the efforts of the combined company, key
     professional and management personnel might choose not to remain
     employed by the combined company, and

  .  the other risks described under "Risk Factors" starting on page 11 of
     this proxy statement/prospectus.

   Metro's board of directors believed that these risks were outweighed by the
potential benefits of the merger. In view of the wide variety of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the complexity
of these matters, the Metro board did not find it useful to and did not attempt
to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to these factors. In
addition, the Metro board did not undertake to make any specific determination
as to whether any particular factor, or any aspect of any particular factor,
was favorable or unfavorable to the Metro board's ultimate determination but
rather the Metro board conducted an overall analysis of the factors described
above, including thorough discussions with and questioning of Metro's
management and legal, financial and accounting advisors. In considering the
factors described above, individual members of the Metro board may have given
different weight to different factors.

Recommendation of Metro's Board of Directors

   After careful consideration, Metro's board of directors determined the
merger agreement to be in Metro's shareholders' best interests and declared the
merger advisable. Metro's board of directors approved and adopted the merger
agreement and recommends that the Metro shareholders vote in favor of the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement. This recommendation by the Metro
board of directors is unanimous. In considering the recommendation of the Metro
board of directors with respect to the merger agreement, Metro shareholders
should be aware that some directors and executive officers of Metro have
interests in the merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the
interests of Metro shareholders generally in the merger. Please see the section
entitled "--Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Metro in the
Merger" on page 52 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Opinion of Keane's Financial Advisor--Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated

   Pursuant to a letter dated as of January 8, 2001, as amended, Keane engaged
Morgan Stanley to provide financial advisory services and a financial opinion
in connection with the merger. Keane's board of directors selected Morgan
Stanley to act as Keane's financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley's
qualifications, expertise and reputation and its knowledge of the business and
affairs of Keane and the industry in general.

   At the August 20, 2001 meeting of the Keane board of directors, Morgan
Stanley rendered its oral opinion that, as of such date and based upon and
subject to the various considerations set forth in its opinion, the

exchange ratio in the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view
to Keane. Morgan Stanley delivered to the Keane board of directors a written
opinion dated August 20, 2001 confirming its oral opinion.

   The full text of Morgan Stanley's opinion, which sets forth, among other
things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex D-1 to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this summary. The
Morgan Stanley opinion is directed to the Keane board of directors and
addresses only the fairness of the exchange ratio from a financial point of
view to Keane as of the date of such opinion and does not address any other
aspect of the merger. This summary of the Morgan Stanley opinion is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion attached as Annex
D-1 to this proxy statement/prospectus.

   In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other things:

  .  reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
     information of Keane and Metro, respectively,

  .  reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for the Metro common
     stock and the Keane common stock,

  .  reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
     operating data concerning Metro and Keane, respectively,

  .  discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and
     the prospects of Keane with senior executives of Keane,

  .  discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and
     the prospects of Metro with senior executives of Metro,

  .  reviewed certain publicly available equity research analyst projections
     on Metro and Keane, respectively,

  .  compared the financial performance of Metro and Keane and the prices and
     trading activity of the Metro common stock and the Keane common stock
     with that of certain other comparable publicly traded companies and
     their securities,

  .  discussed with the senior managements of Keane and Metro their estimates
     of the synergies and cost savings anticipated from the merger,

  .  reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Keane's earnings per
     share, consolidated capitalization and financial ratios,

  .  reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
     certain comparable acquisition transactions,

  .  participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
     Metro and Keane and their financial and legal advisors,

  .  reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents, and

  .  performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as
     Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate.

   In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the information
reviewed by it. With respect to the internal financial statements and prospects
of Keane and Metro, including certain estimates of the strategic, financial and
operational benefits anticipated from the merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that
they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available
judgments of the future financial performance of Keane and Metro. Morgan
Stanley relied upon the assessment by the managements of Keane and Metro of
their ability to retain

key employees of Metro. Morgan Stanley also relied upon, without independent
verification, the assessment by Keane management of Keane's technology
services, the timing and risks associated with the integration of Metro with
Keane and the validity of, and risks associated with, Keane's existing and
future technology services. Keane did not place any limitation upon Morgan
Stanley with respect to the procedures followed or factors considered by Morgan
Stanley in rendering its opinion.

   In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the merger will be consummated in
accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement, including that the
merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization and/or exchange, within the
meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Morgan Stanley
has not made any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities of Metro or Keane, nor has it been furnished with any such
appraisals. Morgan Stanley's opinion was necessarily based on financial,
economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to Morgan Stanley as of, the date of its opinion. Subsequent
developments may affect the opinion, and Morgan Stanley does not have any
obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.

   The following is a brief summary of all material analyses performed by
Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral and written opinion. Certain of
these summaries of financial analyses include information presented in tabular
format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses used by Morgan
Stanley, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The
tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses.

   Historical Common Stock Performance. Morgan Stanley's analysis of Metro's
common stock performance consisted of an historical analysis of closing prices
and trading volumes over the period from January 3, 2000 to August 16, 2001.
During that period, based on closing prices on The Nasdaq National Market, the
Metro common stock achieved a high closing price of $27.88 per share on January
10, 2000 and a low closing price of $3.50 per share on August 1, 2001.
Additionally, Morgan Stanley noted that the Metro common stock closed at a
price of $3.85 per share on August 16, 2001. Based on the closing stock prices
of the Keane common stock and the Metro common stock as of August 16, 2001, and
the exchange ratio, the implied consideration for the Metro common stock was
approximately $8.87 per share.

   Comparative Stock Price Performance. Morgan Stanley performed historical
analyses of closing prices of the Keane common stock, the Metro common stock,
the Nasdaq index and an equally weighted index of traditional information
technology (IT) services companies consisting of:

  .  American Management Systems, Inc.,

  .  Analysts International Corp.,

  .  Ciber, Inc.,

  .  Computer Horizons, Corp.,

  .  Computer Sciences Corp.,

  .  Computer Task Group, Inc.,

  .  Covansys Corp.,

  .  Electronic Data Systems, Corp.,

  .  Renaissance Worldwide, Inc., and

  .  Technology Solutions Company.

Morgan Stanley compared the performance of such companies and indices to the
performance of Keane's common stock and Metro's common stock during such
period. Morgan Stanley observed that over the period from January 3, 2000 to
August 16, 2001, the traditional IT services company index decreased 36%,
Metro's common stock decreased 84%, the Nasdaq index decreased 53%, and Keane's
common stock decreased 40%.

   Comparable Public Company Analysis. As part of its analysis, Morgan Stanley
compared certain publicly available financial information of certain
traditional IT services companies as listed below:

   Comparable IT Services Companies

  .  Analysts International Corp.
  .  Ciber, Inc.
  .  Cognizant Technology Solutions, Corp.
  .  Computer Horizons, Corp.
  .  Covansys, Corp.
  .  Keane
  .  Metro

   While noting that none of the comparable public companies listed above are
exactly identical to Keane or Metro, Morgan Stanley compared the financial
information of those companies to the financial performance of Keane and Metro.
Such information included the stock trading price divided by the 2002 earnings
per share, or EPS, estimate adjusted for a calendar year end, or the 2002E
price/earnings multiple, and aggregate value/2002 estimated sales ratio. The
EPS estimates were derived from I/B/E/S International median EPS estimates,
while the sales estimates were derived from selected equity research analyst
reports. Morgan Stanley research was used for all Keane estimates. For the
Metro 2002 estimated financials, Morgan Stanley used the First Call earnings
per share estimates of $0.20 and $0.40, representing the low and high 2002
estimates, which are referred to in this summary as "adjusted First Call low"
and "adjusted First Call high," respectively, derived by First Call and other
publicly available financial information, adjusted based on discussions with
Metro management. In order to calculate the acquisition multiples paid by Keane
for Metro, Morgan Stanley added $15.0 million in pretax operating cost
synergies, tax-affected at the appropriate rate, to the Metro 2002 EPS, based
on guidance from Keane and Metro management, respectively, regarding their
estimates of the financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
merger.

   The following table presents, as of August 16, 2001, the 2002E
price/earnings multiples and 2002E aggregate value/sales ratio for the
comparable traditional IT services companies:

                                    2002E Price/Earnings 2002E Aggregate Value/
   Companies                              Multiple            Sales Ratio
   ---------                        -------------------- ----------------------

   .  Analysts International,
      Corp........................         13.9x                  0.3x
   .  Ciber, Inc..................         17.0x                  0.6x
   .  Cognizant Technology
      Solutions, Corp.............         27.2x                  3.1x
   .  Computer Horizons, Corp.....         14.9x                  0.2x
   .  Covansys, Corp..............         34.7x                  0.8x
   .  Keane.......................         28.4x                  1.3x
   .   Metro stand alone (adjusted
      First Call high/low)........       18.9x/9.6x            0.5x/0.5x
   .  Metro acquisition multiples
      w/synergies
      (adjusted First Call
      high/low)...................       11.4x/9.1x           0.77x/0.85x

   Morgan Stanley noted that the Metro acquisition multiples paid were in line
with trading multiples of comparable public companies within the IT services
sector.

   No company utilized in the comparable company comparison analysis is
identical to Keane or Metro. In evaluating the peer group, Morgan Stanley made
judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general
business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of
which are beyond the control of Keane or Metro. These other matters include the
impact of competition on the business of Keane or Metro and the industry
generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse material change in
the financial condition and prospects of Keane or Metro or in the industry or
financial markets in general. Mathematical analysis, such as determining the
average or median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using peer group
data.

   Exchange Ratio Analysis. Morgan Stanley analyzed the ratios of the closing
prices of the Metro common stock divided by the corresponding prices of Keane
common stock over various periods during the period from January 3, 2000 to
August 16, 2001. Morgan Stanley observed the following implied exchange ratios,
implied equity value premiums and aggregate value premiums over various periods
ending on August 16, 2001 and as of August 16, 2001:

                                                               Implied Aggregate
   Period Ending August 16,   Average Implied  Implied Equity  Value Premium to
   2001                       Exchange Ratio  Premium to 0.48x       0.48x
   ------------------------   --------------- ---------------- -----------------

   January 3, 2000-August
    16, 2001...............        0.48x              1%              --
   Prior 180 Days..........        0.39x             23%              --
   Prior 90 Days...........        0.25x             91%              --
   Prior 30 Days...........        0.21x            133%              --
   As of August 16, 2001...        0.21x            130%               58%

   Morgan Stanley noted that the exchange ratio of 0.48x paid by Keane is equal
to the average exchange ratio between the Keane and Metro stock prices since
January 3, 2000.

   Pro Forma Contribution Analysis. Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma
financial contribution of each of Keane and Metro to the combined company. Such
analysis included relative contributions, adjusted for leverage, of net
revenue, gross profit, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and
amortization (EBITDA) and net income at various projected time periods. For the
2001 Metro financials, Morgan Stanley used an average of equity research
analyst estimates for fiscal year 2001. For 2002, Morgan Stanley used the
adjusted First Call low and adjusted First Call high cases described earlier.
The following table presents the implied Metro offer price based on the
relative contribution of Metro's revenues, gross profit, EBITDA and net income
to Keane:

                                                 Implied Metro Offer Price
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                            2002E
                                            ----- --------------------------
                                                   Adjust First Adjust First
                                            2001E   Call Low     Call High
                                            ----- ------------- ------------

   Revenues................................  $19       $15          $17
   Gross Profit............................   17        13           15
   EBITDA..................................   18        11           16
   Net Income..............................    9         5           11

   The implied offer prices in the above table did not take into account any
estimates by the management of Metro or Keane, respectively, of the synergies
or cost savings anticipated from the merger, nor did they take into account any
accounting adjustments or potential changes in capital structure as a result of
the merger. Morgan Stanley noted that, the offer price of $8.87 for Metro is
significantly below what would be implied on a relative contribution basis.

   Analysis of Selected Precedent Transactions. Morgan Stanley reviewed a
number of recent related transactions in the traditional IT services industry
that consisted of the following:

Announcement
Date                     Acquiree                              Acquirer
------------             --------                              --------

8/99.................... . International Network Services      . Lucent Technologies, Inc.
8/99.................... . i-Cube                              . Razorfish, Inc.
12/99................... . USWeb/CKS                           . Whittman-Hart
3/00.................... . Metamor Worldwide, Inc.             . PSINet, Inc.
9/00.................... . Cluster Consulting Group            . Diamond Technology Partners, Inc.
10/00................... . Convergent Group, Corp.             . Schlumberger Technology Corp.
3/01.................... . Cambridge Technology Partners, Inc. . Novell, Inc.
4/01.................... . Mainspring, Inc.                    . IBM, Corp.
4/01.................... . Proxicom, Inc.                      . Dimension Data Holdings, PLC

   The information analyzed by Morgan Stanley for the precedent transactions
included aggregate value to next-twelve-months revenues, based on research
analysts' estimates of forward operating performances. The following table
represents the high and low of the aggregate value/next twelve months revenues
for the selected precedent transactions:

                                         Aggregate Value/
                                           Next Twelve
                                         Months Revenues
                                         ----------------

            Precedent Transactions
              High......................       9.4
              Low.......................       0.3

   Morgan Stanley noted that the multiple of 2002 estimated revenues paid for
Metro, ranging from 0.77x to 0.85x, was below that paid for other similar IT
services transactions. However, no transaction utilized as a comparison in the
precedent transactions analysis is identical to the merger. In evaluating the
precedent transactions, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions regarding
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Keane or
Metro, such as the impact of competition on Keane or Metro and the industry
generally, industry growth and the absence of any material adverse change in
the financial condition and prospects of Keane or Metro or the industry or in
the financial markets in general. Mathematical analysis such as determining the
average or median is not in itself a meaningful method of using comparable
transaction data.

   Discounted Equity Value Analysis. Morgan Stanley analyzed the value per
share of Metro by calculating the Metro stock price in 2004 by estimating the
2005 earnings per share, applying a price to earnings ratio and discounting
that figure back to August 2001. Morgan Stanley used a discount rate range of
8.0% to 16.0% and a price/earnings ratio range of 12.5x to 17.5x. 2005 expected
earnings per share were derived by using the 2003 earnings per share estimates
for each adjusted First Call high and low cases (described below) and using an
annual rate of growth of 15%, representing the First Call long-term growth
rate.

   The following table presents the high and low of the discounted Metro stock
price based on various price to earnings ratios and discount rates:

                                                 Implied Metro Stock Price
                                             ----------------------------------
                                             Without Synergies  With Synergies
                                             ------------------ ---------------
                                               Low      High     Low     High
                                             -------- --------- ------- -------

   Low...................................... $      2 $      5  $     7 $    10
   High.....................................        4        9       13      17

   Pro Forma Analysis of the Merger. Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma
impact of the merger on EPS for Keane for the estimated fiscal years 2002 and
2003. The pro forma results were calculated as if the merger had closed at the
beginning of Keane's fiscal 2001 fourth quarter, and were based on estimated
earnings derived from Morgan Stanley research estimates for Keane and adjusted
First Call low and high estimates for Metro as described under Pro Forma
Contribution Analysis. In deriving 2003 estimates for Metro, Morgan Stanley
used the First Call long-term growth rate of 15% for Metro and applied it to
the 2002 adjusted First Call low and adjusted First Call high EPS. Morgan
Stanley then derived an income statement for Metro based on those EPS figures.
Morgan Stanley 2002 and 2003 research analyst estimates were used for Keane's
financials.

   The following table presents the pro forma 2002 and 2003 estimated Keane EPS
and accretion/(dilution) based on a range of pretax operating synergies at an
exchange ratio of 0.48x:

                                                 Pro Forma 2002E Keane EPS
                                           -------------------------------------
                                             Adjusted First     Adjusted First
                                                Call Low          Call High
                                           ------------------ ------------------
Pretax Synergies                           $ EPS % Accr./Dil. $ EPS % Accr./Dil.
----------------                           ----- ------------ ----- ------------

No Synergies.............................. $0.63     (2.6)%   $0.68      3.8%
$10MM Syn................................. $0.71      9.0%    $0.75     15.3%
$15MM Syn................................. $0.75     14.8%    $0.79     21.1%
$20MM Syn................................. $0.78     20.5%    $0.83     26.8%

                                                 Pro Forma 2003E Keane EPS
                                           -------------------------------------
                                             Adjusted First     Adjusted First
                                                Call Low          Call High
                                           ------------------ ------------------
Pretax Synergies                           $ EPS % Accr./Dil. $ EPS % Accr./Dil.
----------------                           ----- ------------ ----- ------------

No Synergies.............................. $0.79     (3.4)%   $0.84      2.4%
$10MM Syn................................. $0.86      5.7%    $0.91     11.4%
$15MM Syn................................. $0.90     10.2%    $0.95     15.9%
$20MM Syn................................. $0.94     14.7%    $0.98     20.4%

   Morgan Stanley noted that, with approximately $15.0 million in pretax annual
synergies, based on United States generally accepted accounting principles, the
merger would be meaningfully accretive to Keane's earnings per share in fiscal
years 2002 and 2003 under both the adjusted First Call low case and the
adjusted First Call high case.

   The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. In
arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the results of all of its
analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any
particular analysis or factor considered by it. Furthermore, Morgan Stanley
believes that selecting any portion of Morgan Stanley's analyses, without
considering all its analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have deemed various
assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so that the ranges of
valuations resulting from any particular analysis described above should not be
taken to be Morgan Stanley's view of the actual value of Keane or Metro.

   In performing its analysis, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Keane or Metro. Any
estimates contained in the analyses performed by Morgan Stanley are not
necessarily indicative of actual values, which may be significantly more or
less favorable than those suggested by such analyses. Such analyses were
prepared solely as a part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of the fairness from a
financial point of view of the exchange ratio in the merger agreement and were
provided to the Keane board of directors in connection with the delivery of its
opinion to Keane. The analyses do not purport to be appraisals of value or to
reflect the prices at which Keane or Metro might actually be sold. In addition,
as described above, Morgan Stanley's opinion was one of the many factors taken
into consideration by the Keane board of directors in making its determination
to approve the merger. The exchange ratio in the merger agreement was
determined through arm's-length negotiations between Keane and Metro and was
approved by the Keane board of directors. Consequently, the Morgan Stanley
analyses as described above should not be viewed as determinative of the
opinion of the Keane board of directors with respect to the value of Keane or
of whether the Keane board of directors would have been willing to agree to
different consideration.

   Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm. Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking business, is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate, estate planning and other purposes.
Morgan Stanley may continue to provide investment banking services to the
combined

entity in the future. In the ordinary course of its trading, brokerage and
financing activities, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates may, at any time, have
a long or short position in, and buy and sell the debt or equity securities and
senior loans of, Keane or Metro for its account or the account of its
customers. Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have, in the past, provided
financial advisory and financing services to Keane and its affiliates and have
received fees for the rendering of such services.

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated as of January 8, 2001, as amended,
Morgan Stanley provided financial advisory services and a financial fairness
opinion in connection with the merger, and Keane agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a
$4.0 million fee if the merger is completed. Keane also agreed to reimburse
Morgan Stanley for up to $50,000 of expenses incurred by Morgan Stanley in
performing its services. In addition, Keane has also agreed to indemnify Morgan
Stanley and its affiliates, their respective directors, officers, agents and
employees and each person, if any, controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its
affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses, including liabilities
under the federal securities laws, related to or arising out of Morgan
Stanley's engagement and any related transactions.

Opinion of Metro's Financial Advisor--Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated

   On May 21, 2001, Metro retained Baird to act as its financial advisor in
connection with the merger and to render Baird's opinion as to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio to the holders of Metro
common stock (other than Keane and its affiliates). On August 20, 2001, Baird
rendered its opinion to the board of directors of Metro to the effect that, as
of August 20, 2001 and based upon and subject to the various considerations
described in the opinion, the exchange ratio of 0.48 was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Metro common stock (other than Keane and its
affiliates).

   The full text of Baird's opinion, dated August 20, 2001, which describes the
assumptions made, general procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the scope of review undertaken by Baird in rendering its
opinion, is attached as Annex D-2 to this proxy statement/prospectus and is
incorporated into this summary by reference. Baird's opinion is directed only
to the fairness, as of the date of the opinion and from a financial point of
view, of the exchange ratio to the holders of Metro common stock (other than
Keane and its affiliates) and does not constitute a recommendation to you as to
how you should vote with respect to the merger agreement. The summary of
Baird's opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the opinion attached as Annex D-2 to this proxy
statement/prospectus. Metro shareholders are urged to read the opinion
carefully in its entirety.

   In conducting its investigation and analysis and in arriving at its opinion,
Baird reviewed information and took into account financial and economic factors
it deemed relevant under the circumstances. In rendering its opinion, Baird,
among other things (such as general economic factors and financial studies):

  .  reviewed certain internal information, primarily financial in nature,
     including projections, concerning the business and operations of Metro
     furnished to Baird for purposes of its analysis, as well as publicly
     available information including but not limited to Metro's recent
     filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and equity analyst
     research reports prepared by various investment banking firms, including
     Baird,

  .  reviewed certain internal information, primarily financial in nature,
     concerning the business and operations of Keane furnished to Baird for
     its analysis, as well as publicly available information including but
     not limited to Keane's recent filings with the Securities and Exchange
     Commission and equity research reports prepared by various investment
     banking firms, including Baird,

  .  reviewed the merger agreement in the form presented to Metro's board of
     directors,

  .  compared the historical market prices and trading activity of Metro's
     and Keane's common stock with those of certain other publicly traded
     companies Baird deemed relevant,

  .  compared the financial position and operating results of Metro and Keane
     with those of other publicly traded companies Baird deemed relevant,

  .  compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
     terms of certain other business combinations Baird deemed relevant, and

  .  reviewed certain potential pro forma effects of the merger.

   Baird held discussions with members of Metro's and Keane's respective senior
managements concerning Metro's and Keane's historical and current financial
condition and operating results, as well as the future prospects of Metro and
Keane, respectively. Baird also considered other information, financial
studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market data
which Baird deemed relevant for the preparation of its opinion. Baird was not
asked to, and did not, solicit third-party indications of interest in acquiring
all or any part of Metro. Metro and Keane determined the exchange ratio in
arm's-length negotiations. Metro did not place any limitation upon Baird with
respect to the procedures followed or factors considered by Baird in rendering
its opinion.

   In arriving at its opinion, Baird assumed and relied upon the accuracy and
completeness of all of the financial and other information that was publicly
available or provided to Baird by or on behalf of Metro and Keane. Baird was
not engaged to independently verify any of this information. Baird assumed,
with Metro's consent, that:

  .  all material assets and liabilities (contingent or otherwise, known or
     unknown) of Metro and Keane were as set forth in their respective
     financial statements,

  .  the merger will be accounted for under the purchase method according to
     generally accepted accounting principles, and

  .  the merger will be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in
     the merger agreement, without any amendment thereto and without waiver
     by Metro or Keane of any of the conditions to their respective
     obligations under the merger agreement.

   Baird also assumed that the financial projections prepared by Metro's senior
management concerning Metro's financial performance were reasonably prepared on
bases reflecting the best available estimates and good faith judgments as to
future performance of Metro. At the direction of Metro, Baird relied on a
certain published research analyst report prepared by a major investment
banking firm for estimates of Keane's projected financial performance, and
excluded transaction expenses from its analyses. In conducting its review,
Baird did not undertake nor obtain an independent evaluation or appraisal of
any of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of Metro or Keane
nor did it make a physical inspection of the properties or facilities of Metro
or Keane. Baird's opinion necessarily was based upon economic, monetary and
market conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on the date of its
opinion, and did not predict or take into account any changes which may occur,
or information which may become available, after the date of the opinion.
Subsequent developments may affect the opinion, and Baird does not have any
obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion. Furthermore, Baird
expressed no opinion as to the prices or trading ranges at which any of Metro's
or Keane's securities (including Metro common stock and Keane common stock)
will trade following the date of Baird's opinion.

   The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Baird in connection with rendering its opinion. Each of the following tables is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the other disclosure contained in
this section and to Baird's opinion attached as Annex D-2 to this proxy
statement/prospectus.

   Analysis of Metro Implied Merger Multiples. Baird calculated the "implied
equity value per share" reflected by the terms of the merger to be $8.64 for
each share of Metro common stock. The implied equity value per share was
obtained by multiplying the exchange ratio of 0.48 by the closing price per
share of Keane common stock of $18.00 on August 17, 2001. Baird calculated the
"implied total equity value" and "implied enterprise value" of Metro as a
result of the merger to be $134.1 million and $202.1 million, respectively. The
implied total equity value for Metro was obtained by multiplying the implied
equity value per share by the total number of common shares outstanding, plus
shares issuable upon exercise of stock options and shares issuable

under Metro's employee stock purchase plan, less net proceeds from the exercise
of these stock options. The implied enterprise value for Metro was obtained by
adding Metro's outstanding total debt to and subtracting Metro's cash and cash
equivalents balances (as of August 17, 2001, as provided by Metro management)
from, the implied total equity value.

   In performing its analysis, Baird used, among other items, operating
statistics exclusive of non-recurring items, for Metro's latest twelve months,
or LTM, ended June 30, 2001. Baird calculated multiples of the implied
enterprise value to Metro's LTM revenues, LTM earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, or LTM EBITDA, and LTM earnings before interest
and taxes, or LTM EBIT. Baird also calculated multiples of the implied total
equity value to Metro's LTM net income and LTM EPS as well as projected
calendar 2001 and 2002 cash EPS, per the Metro projections. Cash EPS is
obtained by adding to EPS the per share value of goodwill amortization,
adjusted for taxes. The table below summarizes the results of this analysis and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to other disclosures contained in
this section and Baird's opinion attached as Annex D-2 to this proxy
statement/prospectus.

                                                                   Metro Implied
                                                                      Merger
                                                                     Multiples
                                                                   -------------

   Implied Enterprise Value to LTM Revenues.......................      0.7x
   Implied Enterprise Value to LTM EBITDA.........................      8.9
   Implied Enterprise Value to LTM EBIT...........................     14.1
   Implied Equity Value to LTM Net Income.........................     30.0
   Implied Equity Value to LTM EPS................................     29.4
   Implied Equity Value to Calendar 2001 Cash EPS.................     34.9
   Implied Equity Value to Calendar 2002 Cash EPS.................     19.6

   Analysis of Metro's Valuation Premiums. Baird compared the premium to
holders of Metro common stock represented by the implied equity value per share
of $8.64 to the closing prices for Metro common stock on August 17, 2001 and on
the dates one month, two months, three months, six months and one year prior to
August 17, 2001, as well as to the 52-week high and low closing prices. Baird
calculated that the implied equity value per share represented the following
premiums to holders of Metro common stock:

  .  a premium of 139.9% over the closing price for the Metro common stock on
     August 17, 2001,

  .  a premium of 133.5% over the closing price for Metro common stock one
     month prior thereto,

  .  a premium of 92.9% over the closing price for Metro common stock two
     months prior thereto,

  .  a premium of 57.1% over the closing price for Metro common stock three
     months prior thereto,

  .  a premium of 7.2% over the closing price for Metro common stock six
     months prior thereto,

  .  a premium of 31.7% over the closing price for Metro common stock one-
     year prior thereto,

  .  a premium of 0.2% over the 52-week high closing price for Metro common
     stock, and

  .  a premium of 146.9% over the 52-week low closing price for Metro common
     stock.

   Baird noted that the premiums over the implied equity value per share
relative to Metro's common stock price over certain historical time periods
were influenced by the significant volatility and price declines experienced
recently in the equity capital markets in general and for information
technology service companies in particular.

   Analysis of Selected Publicly Traded Metro Comparable Companies. Baird
reviewed certain publicly available financial information as of the most
recently reported period and stock market information as of August 17, 2001 for
nine publicly traded companies that Baird deemed relevant. The group of
selected publicly traded information technology services companies is listed
below:

  .  Analysts International Corporation      .  Kforce Inc.
  .  CIBER, Inc.                             .  Modis Professional Services,
  .  Computer Horizons Corp.                    Inc.
  .  Computer Task Group, Incorporated       .  Syntel, Inc.
  .  Hall, Kinion & Associates, Inc.         .  Spherion Corporation

   Baird selected these companies based on its review of publicly traded
companies that possessed general business, operating and financial
characteristics representative of companies in the industry in which Metro
operates. Baird noted that none of the companies reviewed is identical to Metro
and that, accordingly, the analysis of these companies necessarily involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in the business,
financial and operating characteristics of each company and other factors that
affect the market values of these companies.

   For each selected company, Baird calculated the equity value by multiplying
the closing stock price of each company as of August 17, 2001, by the total
number of outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. In addition, Baird
calculated enterprise value for each selected company by adding the book value
of outstanding total debt, preferred stock and minority interests to, and
subtracting cash and cash equivalents from, equity value. Baird then calculated
multiples of enterprise value to each selected company's LTM revenues, LTM
EBITDA and LTM EBIT, exclusive of non-recurring items, as of the most recently
reported period. Baird also calculated multiples of each selected company's
equity value per share to each selected company's LTM EPS, projected 2001 cash
EPS and projected 2002 cash EPS, exclusive of non-recurring items. Projected
2001 and projected 2002 cash EPS for the selected companies were based on
publicly available investment banking research reports. Baird then compared the
trading multiples for the selected companies to relevant Metro implied merger
multiples, as implied in the proposed merger, based on Metro's operating
results for the LTM period ended June 30, 2001, and projected calendar 2001 and
calendar 2002. The table below summarizes the results of the analysis and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the other disclosures contained in
this section and Annex D-2 to this proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                       Selected Metro Public
                                               Metro      Company Trading
                                              Implied        Multiples
                                              Merger   -----------------------
                                             Multiples Low   Median Mean  High
                                             --------- ----  ------ ----  ----

   Enterprise Value to LTM Revenues.........    0.7x    0.2x   0.3x  0.5x  1.9x
   Enterprise Value to LTM EBITDA...........    8.9     3.9    7.4   7.4  10.4
   Enterprise Value to LTM EBIT.............   14.1     9.1   11.5  14.1  23.6
   Equity Value to LTM EPS..................   29.4     4.9   28.4  26.6  45.0
   Equity Value to Calendar 2001 Cash EPS...   34.9    14.5   18.9  22.0  30.9
   Equity Value to Calendar 2002 Cash EPS...   19.6    10.0   15.0  16.2  25.6

   Baird noted that the Metro implied merger multiples were generally within or
above the range of the corresponding multiples for the selected publicly traded
comparable companies.

   Based on the public company trading multiples, Baird analyzed the resulting
implied exchange ratios derived from applying the selected public comparable
company valuation multiples to Metro's LTM revenues, LTM EBITDA, LTM EBIT, LTM
EPS, projected 2001 cash EPS and projected 2002 cash EPS. The table below
summarizes the results of the analysis and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the other disclosures contained in this section and Annex D-2 to
this proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                         Implied Exchange
                                                               Ratio
                                                       -----------------------
                                                       Low   Median Mean  High
                                                       ----  ------ ----  ----

   LTM Revenues.......................................  N/M   0.04x 0.28x 1.86x
   LTM EBITDA......................................... 0.07x  0.36  0.36  0.61
   LTM EBIT........................................... 0.22   0.35  0.48  0.97
   LTM EPS............................................ 0.08   0.46  0.44  0.73
   Calendar 2001 Cash EPS............................. 0.20   0.26  0.30  0.43
   Calendar 2002 Cash EPS............................. 0.25   0.37  0.40  0.63

   Analysis of Selected Comparable Acquisition Transactions. Baird reviewed
certain publicly available financial information for 19 selected acquisition
transactions, which Baird deemed relevant. The 19 transactions reviewed were
(acquiror/target company):

  .  Management Group/Renaissance Worldwide, Inc.

  .  CIBER, Inc./Aris Corporation

  .  Novell, Inc./Cambridge Technology Partners, Inc.

  .  ICICI, Ltd./Command Systems, Inc.

  .  Computer Sciences Corporation/Mynd Corp.

  .  Charlesbank Equity Fund V/Intellimark

  .  Vedior NV/Acsys, Inc.

  .  Leapnet, Inc./SPR Inc.

  .  Analysts International Corporation./Sequoia NET.com

  .  Computer Sciences Corporation/Nichols Research Corporation

  .  Vedior NV/Select Appointments Holdings plc

  .  GTCR-First Union Capital Partners/Metamor Worldwide, Inc.

  .  MSX International/Chelsea Computer Consultants

  .  Compuware Corporation/Data Processing Resources Corporation

  .  Getronics NV/Wang Laboratories

  .  Computer Associates International, Inc./Computer Management Sciences,
     Inc.

  .  TMP Worldwide, Inc./Morgan & Banks Limited

  .  First Consulting Group, Inc./Integrated Systems Consulting Group, Inc.

  .  Kforce Inc./Source Services Corp.

   Baird selected these transactions based on its review of acquisition
transactions that possessed general business, operating and financial
characteristics representative of companies in the industry in which Metro
operates. Baird noted that none of the selected transactions reviewed was
identical to the merger. Accordingly, Baird noted that the analysis of
comparable transactions necessarily involves complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of
Metro and other factors that

would affect the acquisition value of comparable transactions including, among
other factors, the general market conditions prevailing in the equity capital
markets at the time of that transaction.

   For each selected transaction, Baird calculated the multiples of enterprise
value to each company's LTM revenues, LTM EBITDA and LTM EBIT, exclusive of
non-recurring items, and calculated multiples of equity value to LTM net
income, exclusive of non-recurring items. Baird then compared those multiples
to the relevant Metro multiples implied in the merger based on Metro's
operating results for the LTM period ended June 30, 2001. The tables below
summarize the results of these analyses and are qualified in their entirety by
reference to the other disclosures contained in this section and Annex D-2 to
this proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                Metro   Selected Acquisition
                                               Implied        Multiples
                                               Merger   -----------------------
                                              Multiples Low   Median Mean  High
                                              --------- ----  ------ ----  ----

   Enterprise Value to LTM Revenues..........    0.7x    0.1x   0.8x  0.8x  2.2x
   Enterprise Value to LTM EBITDA............    8.9     4.1   10.1  10.9  21.9
   Enterprise Value to LTM EBIT..............   14.1     6.0   14.7  14.9  24.5
   Equity Value to LTM Net Income............   30.0    12.1   28.1  26.7  36.8

   Baird noted that the Metro implied merger multiples were generally within or
above the range of the corresponding multiples for the selected comparable
acquisition transactions.

   Based on implied selected acquisition multiples, Baird analyzed the
resulting implied exchange ratios derived from applying the selected comparable
company valuation multiples to Metro's LTM revenues, LTM EBITDA, LTM EBIT, and
LTM net income. The table below summarizes the results of the analysis and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the other disclosures contained in
this section and Annex D-2 to this proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                          Implied Exchange
                                                                Ratio
                                                        -----------------------
                                                        Low   Median Mean  High
                                                        ----  ------ ----  ----

   LTM Revenues........................................  N/M   0.64x 0.66x 2.11x
   LTM EBITDA.......................................... 0.09x  0.58  0.65  1.55
   LTM EBIT............................................ 0.07   0.51  0.52  1.01
   LTM Net Income...................................... 0.19   0.45  0.43  0.59

   Baird also calculated the premiums paid for the equity in these transactions
over the public market value of the equity at various times prior to the
announcement of these transactions. Baird then compared those premiums to the
relevant Metro premiums implied in the merger based on Metro's closing price
one day, seven days, one month and three months prior to August 17, 2001. The
tables below summarize the results of these analyses and are qualified in their
entirety by reference to the other disclosures contained in this section and
Annex D-2 to this proxy statement/prospectus.

                                               Metro    Selected Acquisition
                                              Implied         Premiums
                                               Merger  ------------------------
                                              Premiums Low   Median Mean  High
                                              -------- ----  ------ ----  -----

   One-Day premium...........................  139.9%   6.7%  31.0% 53.0% 266.7%
   Seven-Day premium.........................  140.0    8.8   38.8  55.3  230.0
   One-Month premium.........................  133.5   10.8   39.0  65.8  243.8
   Three-Month premium.......................   57.1    4.3   64.3  72.4  207.7

   Baird noted that the Metro implied merger premiums were generally within or
above the range of the corresponding premiums for the selected comparable
acquisition transactions.

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Baird performed a discounted cash flow
analysis of Metro on a stand- alone basis using the Metro projections for
calendar years 2001 through 2005, without taking into account any potential
cost savings and synergies which may be realized following the merger. In that
analysis, Baird assumed terminal value multiples of 8.0x to 10.0x EBITDA in
calendar year 2005 and discount rates of 14.0% to 16.0%, which represented the
estimated weighted average cost of capital for Metro. That analysis produced
implied exchange ratios of 0.35x to 0.51x.

   Pro Forma Merger Analysis. Baird prepared a pro forma analysis of the
financial impact of the merger. Baird compared the cash EPS of Keane common
stock, on a stand-alone basis, to the cash EPS of the common stock of the
combined company on a pro forma basis for calendar year 2001 and calendar year
2002, per the Metro projections and the Keane projections. The analysis,
assuming no transaction-related expenses, cost savings or synergies, indicated
that the proposed transaction would be accretive to Keane shareholders on a
cash EPS basis in calendar 2001 and calendar 2002. The results of the pro forma
merger analysis are not necessarily indicative of future operating results or
financial position. The actual results achieved by the combined company may
vary from the projected results and the variations may be material.

   Implied Exchange Ratio Analysis. Baird performed an analysis of the
historical trading ratio between Metro common stock and Keane common stock
based on the closing market price per share of Metro common stock relative to
the closing market price per share of Keane common stock for each trading day
for the latest twelve-month period ended August 17, 2001. This analysis yielded
a trading ratio of 0.20x on August 17, 2001 and an average historical trading
ratio of 0.20x over the prior one-month period, 0.22x over the prior three-
month period, 0.33x over the prior six-month period and 0.40x over the latest
twelve months.

   Analysis of Selected Publicly Traded Keane Comparable Companies. In order to
assess the relative public market valuation of the Keane common stock to be
used by Keane in exchange for Metro common stock, Baird reviewed certain
publicly available financial information as of the most recently reported
period and stock market information as of August 17, 2001 for 11 publicly
traded companies that Baird deemed relevant. The group of selected publicly
traded companies is listed below:

  .  American Management Systems,          .  Electronic Data Systems
     Incorporated                             Corporation
  .  CIBER, Inc.                           .  KPMG Consulting, Inc.
  .  Computer Sciences Corporation         .  PEC Solutions, Inc.
  .  Cognizant Technology Solutions        .  Sapient Corporation
     Corporation                           .  Systems & Computer Technology
  .  Convansys Corporation                    Corporation
  .  DiamondCluster International,
     Inc.

   Baird chose these companies based on its review of publicly traded companies
that possessed general business, operating and financial characteristics
representative of companies in the industry in which Keane operates. Baird
noted that none of the companies reviewed are identical to Keane and that,
accordingly, the analysis of these companies necessarily involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in the business, financial
and operating characteristics of each company and other factors that affect the
market values of these companies.

   For each selected company, Baird calculated the equity value by multiplying
the closing stock price of each company as of August 17, 2001, by the total
number of outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. In addition, Baird
calculated enterprise value for each selected company by adding the book value
of outstanding total debt, preferred stock and minority interests to, and
subtracting cash and cash equivalents from, equity value. Baird then calculated
multiples of enterprise value to each selected company's LTM revenues, LTM
EBITDA and LTM EBIT, exclusive of non-recurring items, as of the most recently
reported period. Baird also calculated multiples of each selected company's
equity value per share to each selected company's LTM EPS, projected 2001 EPS
and projected 2002 EPS, exclusive of non-recurring items. Projected 2001 and
projected 2002 EPS for the selected companies was based on publicly available
investment banking research reports. Baird then compared the trading multiples
for the selected companies to relevant Keane trading multiples based

on Keane's operating results for the LTM period ended June 30, 2001, and
projected calendar 2001 and calendar 2002, per the Keane projections. The table
below summarizes the results of the analysis and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the other disclosures contained in this section and Annex D-2
to this proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                        Selected Keane Public
                                                           Company Trading
                                                              Multiples
                                                Keane   -----------------------
                                              Multiples Low   Median Mean  High
                                              --------- ----  ------ ----  ----

Enterprise Value to LTM Revenues.............    1.3x    0.6x   0.8x  1.8x  6.9x
Enterprise Value to LTM EBITDA...............   16.6     5.0    9.9  14.3  35.3
Enterprise Value to LTM EBIT.................   28.9     7.2   20.2  20.5  38.8
Equity Value to LTM EPS......................   47.7    13.0   31.7  33.3  53.0
Equity Value to Calendar 2001 EPS............   47.4    13.1   20.5  24.8  41.6
Equity Value to Calendar 2002 EPS............   34.0    11.1   23.5  33.2  95.6

   The foregoing is only a summary of the analyses performed by Baird and does
not purport to be a complete description of its presentation to Metro's board
of directors. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is
not necessarily susceptible to partial analyses or summary description. Baird
believes that its analyses and the summary set forth above must be considered
as a whole and that selecting portions of those analyses and of the factors
considered by Baird, without considering all analyses and factors, would create
an incomplete view of the processes underlying its opinion. Baird did not
attempt to assign specific weights to particular analyses. Any estimates
contained in Baird's analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than as set forth in Baird's
analysis. Estimates of values of companies do not purport to be appraisals or
necessarily to reflect the prices at which companies may actually be sold.
Because these estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty, Baird does not
assume responsibility for their accuracy.

   Baird, as part of its investment banking business, is regularly engaged in
the evaluation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers
and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, and
valuations for estate planning, corporate and other purposes. Metro retained
Baird because of its reputation and substantial experience and expertise in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions. In the ordinary course of business, Baird may from time to time
trade in securities, including the securities of Metro or Keane, for its own
account and for accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in these securities.

   Pursuant to an engagement letter agreement dated May 21, 2001 between Metro
and Baird, Metro agreed to pay Baird a non-refundable retainer fee of $25,000
fully creditable to the transaction fee; an additional fee of $500,000 payable
upon delivery of its opinion, fully creditable to the transaction fee,
regardless of the conclusions reached by Baird in such opinion; and a
transaction fee, payable upon consummation of the merger, equal to 1.25% of
total enterprise value at the date of closing of the transaction. In the
engagement letter, which was negotiated between Metro and Baird, Metro has also
agreed to reimburse Baird for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. Metro has
also agreed to indemnify Baird, its affiliates and their respective directors,
officers, employees and agents and controlling persons against certain
liabilities relating to or arising out of its engagement, including liabilities
under the federal securities laws.

   In the past, Baird has performed investment banking services for Metro,
including acting as lead manager for Metro's 1997 initial public offering of
Metro common stock, for which Baird received its customary compensation.

Shareholder's Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy

   In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, John H. Fain,
Metro's chairman of the board and chief executive officer, who, together with
various family trusts, beneficially owned approximately 54.5% of the
outstanding shares of Metro common stock on the record date, entered into a
shareholder's agreement with Keane. Under the shareholder's agreement, Mr. Fain
has agreed to vote a portion of his Metro shares representing 40% of the
outstanding shares of Metro common stock in favor of the merger agreement. Mr.
Fain executed an irrevocable proxy that enables Keane to vote these shares to
approve and adopt the merger agreement. Mr. Fain was not paid additional
consideration in connection with the irrevocable proxy. The shareholder's
agreement is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C.

   On the record date, all Metro directors, executive officers and their
affiliates, including Mr. Fain, held in the aggregate approximately 59.6% of
the outstanding shares of Metro common stock. All directors and executive
officers of Metro have indicated their intention to vote all shares over which
they exercise voting control in favor of the merger agreement.

Interests of Executive Officers and Directors of Metro in the Merger

   When Metro shareholders consider the recommendation of Metro's board of
directors with respect to the merger agreement, they should be aware that some
executive officers and directors of Metro have interests in connection with the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, the Metro shareholders'
interests, as summarized below. In making their decision to recommend the
merger, the board was aware of these interests and considered them among the
other matters described above under "--Metro's Reasons for the Merger."

   John H. Fain, Metro's chairman of the board and chief executive officer,
will become a director of Keane as of the effective time of the merger.

   Five executive officers of Metro will receive transaction bonuses and, if
their employment terminates under specified conditions, severance benefits
under new executive retention agreements. See "Other Agreements--Executive
Retention Agreements."

   As of the record date, the directors and executive officers of Metro and
their affiliates beneficially owned approximately 9,133,572 shares of Metro
common stock, or approximately 59.6% of the outstanding shares of Metro common
stock, and are eligible to receive an aggregate of 4,384,114 shares of Keane
common stock in the merger on the same terms as all the other shareholders of
Metro. In addition, as of the record date, these board members and executive
officers held options to acquire an aggregate of 95,103 shares of Metro common
stock, with exercise prices ranging from $4.40 to $35.75 per share, which will
be converted into options to acquire an aggregate of 45,649 shares of Keane
common stock, with exercise prices ranging from $9.17 to $74.48 per share, on
the same terms as all the other holders of Metro stock options. See "The Merger
Agreement--Treatment of Metro Stock Options."

   In addition, the executive officers and directors of Metro owned an
aggregate of 10,875 shares of Keane common stock as of the record date.

   The merger agreement provides that Keane will indemnify Metro officers and
directors against liabilities and claims resulting from their service as
directors and officers of Metro prior to the merger for a period of six years.
See "Metro's Principal Shareholders" on page 94.

   Certain Metro employees will also be eligible to receive retention and
severance payments. The amounts paid as retention and severance payments will
be based upon:

  .  the employee's length of employment with Metro,

  .  the employee's annual salary,

  .  the employee's position with Metro,

  .  whether the employee voluntarily terminates his or her employment with
     Metro during or after a retention period following the effective time of
     the merger, and

  .  whether the employee is terminated with or without cause during or after
     a retention period following the effective time of the merger.

   The aggregate amount subject to the retention and severance payments is
approximately $1.4 million. See "Other Agreements--Employee Retention and
Severance Payments."

Treatment of Metro Common Stock

   In the merger, each share of Metro common stock will be exchanged for 0.48
of a share of Keane common stock.

   You should not send in any certificates representing Metro common stock at
this time. Following the effective time of the merger, you will receive
instructions for the surrender and exchange of your stock certificates.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

   In accordance with the recently issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 141, "Business Combinations," and Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," Keane
will use the purchase method of accounting for a business combination to
account for the merger, as well as the new accounting and reporting regulations
for goodwill and other intangibles. Under these methods of accounting, the
assets and liabilities of Metro, including intangible assets, will be recorded
at their respective fair values. All intangible assets will be amortized over
their estimated useful lives with the exception of goodwill and any other
intangibles with indefinite lives. The financial position, results of
operations and cash flows of Metro will be included in Keane's financial
statements prospectively as of the completion of the merger.

Regulatory Approvals

   Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, Keane may
not complete the acquisition of shares of Metro common stock in the merger
until notifications have been furnished to the Federal Trade Commission, the
Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and other applicable
foreign antitrust authorities and the required waiting periods have been
satisfied or terminated. Keane, Metro and John H. Fain, the principal
shareholder of Metro, filed pre-merger notification and report forms with the
FTC and the Antitrust Division on August 28, 2001. On September 10, 2001, the
FTC, on behalf of itself and the Antitrust Division, notified the filing
parties that it had granted early termination of the waiting period with
respect to the merger.

   Even though we received early termination of the waiting period, at any time
before the effective time of the merger, the Antitrust Division, the FTC or a
private person or entity could seek under antitrust laws, among other things,
to enjoin the merger and any time after the effective time of the merger, to
cause Keane to divest itself, in whole or in part, of the surviving corporation
of the merger or of businesses conducted by the surviving corporation of the
merger. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger will not be
made or that, if a challenge is made, Keane will prevail. The obligations of
Keane and Metro to complete the merger was subject to the condition that any
applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have expired
without action by the Antitrust Division or the FTC to prevent completion of
the merger. See "The Merger Agreement--Conditions to Obligations to Complete
the Merger."

Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

   The discussion below summarizes the material United States federal income
tax considerations generally applicable to United States holders of Metro
common stock who, pursuant to the merger, exchange their Metro common stock for
Keane common stock and cash in lieu of any fractional share of Keane common
stock. Completion of the merger is conditioned on Keane's receipt of an opinion
from Hale and Dorr LLP (or Williams, Mullen, Clark & Dobbins if Hale and Dorr
does not provide the opinion) and Metro's receipt of an opinion from Williams
Mullen (or Hale and Dorr if Williams Mullen does not provide the opinion) to
the effect that the merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code. The discussion below reflects the opinions of Hale and Dorr and Williams
Mullen, which are included as exhibits 8.1 and 8.2 to the registration
statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part.

   The discussion below is, and the opinions of Hale and Dorr and Williams
Mullen will be, based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code,
currently applicable United States Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder,
and judicial and administrative decisions and rulings. The opinions of Hale and
Dorr and Williams Mullen are based on the facts, representations and
assumptions set forth or referred to in the opinions, including representations
contained in certificates executed by officers of Keane and Metro. The opinions
are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and there can be
no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or the courts will not take a
contrary view. No ruling from the Internal Revenue Service has been or will be
sought. Future legislative, judicial or administrative changes or
interpretations could alter or modify the statements and conclusions set forth
herein, and these changes or interpretations could be retroactive and could
affect the tax consequences of the merger to Keane, Metro and the shareholders
of Metro.

   The discussion below and the opinions of Hale and Dorr and Williams Mullen
do not purport to deal with all aspects of federal income taxation that may
affect particular shareholders in light of their individual circumstances, and
are not intended for shareholders subject to special treatment under federal
income tax law. Shareholders subject to special treatment include insurance
companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions, broker-dealers,
foreign individuals and entities, shareholders who hold their stock as part of
a hedge, appreciated financial position, straddle or conversion transaction,
shareholders who do not hold their stock as capital assets and shareholders who
have acquired their stock upon exercise of employee options or otherwise as
compensation. In addition, the discussion below and such opinions do not
consider the effect of any applicable state, local or foreign tax laws.
Moreover, this discussion and such opinions do not address the tax consequences
of transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the
merger (whether or not such transactions are undertaken in connection with the
merger) or the consequences of the assumption by Keane of outstanding Metro
stock options.

   You are urged to consult with your tax advisor as to the particular tax
consequences of the merger, including the applicability and effect of any
state, local or foreign tax laws, and of changes in applicable tax laws.

   In the opinion of Hale and Dorr, counsel to Keane, and in the opinion of
Williams Mullen, counsel to Metro, the merger will be treated as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code. Accordingly, subject to the limitations and qualifications referred to
herein, the following tax consequences will result:

  .  No gain or loss will be recognized by Keane or Metro solely as a result
     of the merger.

  .  No gain or loss will be recognized by the holders of Metro common stock
     upon the receipt of Keane common stock in exchange for Metro common
     stock in the merger, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of
     fractional shares.

  .  Cash payments received by holders of Metro common stock in lieu of a
     fractional share will be treated as capital gain (or loss) measured by
     the difference between the cash payment received and the portion of the
     tax basis in the shares of Metro common stock surrendered that is
     allocable to the fractional

   share. Any gain (or loss) will be long-term capital gain (or loss) if the
   Metro common stock has been held for more than one year at the effective
   time of the merger.

  .  The aggregate tax basis of the Keane common stock received by each Metro
     shareholder in the merger, including any fractional share of Keane
     common stock not actually received, will be the same as the aggregate
     tax basis of the Metro common stock surrendered in the exchange.

  .  The holding period of the Keane common stock received by each Metro
     shareholder in the merger will include the holding period for the Metro
     common stock surrendered in the exchange, provided that the Metro common
     stock surrendered is held as a capital asset at the completion of the
     merger.

   A successful Internal Revenue Service challenge to the "reorganization"
status of the merger would result in your recognizing gain or loss with respect
to each share of Metro common stock surrendered in the merger equal to the
difference between your basis in your Metro common stock and the fair market
value, as of the completion of the merger, of the Keane common stock received
in exchange therefor. In the event of a successful challenge, your total tax
basis in the Keane common stock so received would equal its fair market value,
as of the completion of the merger, and your holding period for the stock would
begin the day after the merger.

   There will be no United States federal income tax consequences to the
holders of Keane common stock as a result of the completion of the merger.

American Stock Exchange Listing

   It is a condition to the closing of the merger that the shares of Keane
common stock to be issued under the merger agreement be approved for listing on
the American Stock Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance.

Resales of Keane Common Stock Issued in Connection with the Merger; Affiliate
Agreements

   The shares of Keane common stock issuable to shareholders of Metro upon
consummation of the merger have been registered under the Securities Act of
1933. These Keane shares will be freely tradable without restriction by those
shareholders who are not deemed to be "affiliates" of Keane or Metro as that
term is defined under the Securities Act.

   Shares of Keane common stock received by those shareholders of Metro who are
deemed to be affiliates of Metro at the time the merger agreement is submitted
to a vote may be resold without registration under the Securities Act only as
permitted by Rule 145 under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under
the Securities Act. Each person deemed to be an affiliate of Metro will enter
into an affiliate agreement with Keane in which he or she agrees not to offer,
sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares of Keane common stock
distributed to them in connection with the merger, except in compliance with
Rule 145, or in a transaction that is otherwise exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, provided that an opinion of counsel,
satisfactory to Keane, has been provided to Keane to the effect that
registration of the shares is not required under the Securities Act.

   This proxy statement/prospectus does not cover any resales of Keane common
stock received by persons who are deemed to be affiliates of Metro.

No Dissenters' or Appraisal Rights

   Keane stockholders and Metro shareholders are not entitled to exercise
dissenters' or appraisal rights as a result of the merger or to demand payment
for their shares under applicable law.

Delisting and Deregistration of Metro Common Stock Following the Merger

   If the merger is completed, Metro's common stock will be delisted from The
Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   The following is a summary of the material provisions of the agreement and
plan of merger, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this summary, and
the related plan of merger, a copy of which is attached as Annex B to this
proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into this summary.
While we believe that the summary covers the material terms of the agreement
and plan of merger and the related plan of merger, this summary may not contain
all of the information that is important to you. We urge you to read the
agreement and plan of merger and the related plan of merger in their entirety
for a complete description of the terms and conditions of the merger. In this
proxy statement/prospectus, we refer to the agreement and plan of merger and
the related plan of merger together as the "merger agreement."

General

   Upon consummation of the merger, Metro will become a wholly owned subsidiary
of Keane. If all conditions to the merger are satisfied or waived, the merger
will become effective upon the issuance of a certificate of merger by the State
Corporation Commission of Virginia.

The Exchange Ratio and Treatment of Metro Common Stock

   At the effective time of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of
Metro common stock will be converted into 0.48 of a share of Keane common
stock. Shares held by any wholly owned subsidiary of Metro and shares held by
Keane or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries will be canceled in connection
with the merger. We will adjust the exchange ratio for any reclassification,
stock split, reverse split, stock dividend, reorganization, recapitalization or
other similar event with respect to Keane common stock or Metro common stock
occurring before the effective time.

   Based on the exchange ratio of 0.48 and the number of shares of Metro common
stock issued and outstanding as of the record date for the Metro meeting of
shareholders, a total of approximately       shares of Keane common stock will
be issued in the merger.

Treatment of Metro Stock Options

   At the effective time of the merger, Keane will assume each outstanding
option (other than options granted under Metro's employee stock purchase plan)
to purchase shares of Metro common stock, whether vested or unvested,
previously granted by Metro under its stock option plans and convert them into
options to purchase shares of Keane common stock on the same terms and
conditions. The number of shares of Keane common stock issuable upon the
exercise of Metro stock options assumed by Keane in the merger will be adjusted
based on the exchange ratio of 0.48, and rounded down to the nearest whole
number.

   The exercise price per share of Keane common stock issuable under each Metro
stock option will also be adjusted by dividing (1) the exercise price per share
of Metro's common stock at which the option was exercisable immediately prior
to the effective time by (2) the exchange ratio. The exercise price will be
rounded up to the next highest whole cent.

   Keane will reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of its common
stock for delivery if all Metro optionholders exercise their converted options
as described above. As soon as practicable after the effective time of the
merger, Keane will file a registration statement on Form S-8 with respect to
the shares of Keane common stock subject to the assumed Metro stock options
that are eligible for registration on Form S-8. During the period that any
options remain outstanding, Keane will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to maintain the effectiveness of this registration statement.

Exchange of Certificates

   Surrender of Shares of Metro Common Stock; Stock Transfer Books. Shortly
after the effective time of the merger, Keane's exchange agent will mail to
each record holder of Metro common stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for surrendering Metro stock certificates. Only those holders who
properly surrender their certificates in accordance with these instructions
will receive certificates representing the number of shares of Keane common
stock, cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Keane common stock and any
dividends or distributions to which they are entitled. The surrendered
certificates will be canceled.

   No Further Registration or Transfer of Metro Common Stock. At the effective
time of the merger, the stock transfer books of Metro will be closed and there
will be no further transfers of shares of Metro common stock on the records of
Metro. After the effective time of the merger, the holders of Metro stock
certificates will cease to have any rights with respect to their shares of
Metro common stock except as otherwise provided for in the merger agreement or
by applicable law.

   Fractional Shares. Keane will not issue any fractional shares of Keane
common stock in the merger. Instead, each holder of shares of Metro common
stock exchanged pursuant to the merger who would otherwise be entitled to
receive a fraction of a share of Keane common stock will be entitled to receive
cash, without interest, in an amount equal to the product of the fractional
share of Keane common stock multiplied by the average of the last reported
sales price per share of Keane common stock on the American Stock Exchange
during the ten consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day
immediately prior to the completion of the merger.

   Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares. Keane will not pay
dividends or other distributions declared or made on or after the effective
time of the merger in connection with shares of Keane common stock to holders
of any unsurrendered Metro certificates with respect to the shares of Keane
common stock that such holders are entitled to receive. Keane will not pay any
cash payment in lieu of fractional shares to holders until such holders
surrender their Metro certificates. Upon such surrender, Keane will issue and
pay to the person in whose name the Keane certificate representing such shares
of Keane common stock will be issued, without interest, any dividends or
distributions with respect to the shares of Keane common stock which have a
record date on or after the effective time of the merger and have become
payable between the effective time of the merger and the time of surrender.

   Lost Certificates. If any certificate representing shares of Metro common
stock is lost, stolen or destroyed, a Metro shareholder must provide an
appropriate affidavit of that fact to Keane. Keane may also require the Metro
owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Metro certificate to deliver a bond as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against Keane with respect to the
Metro certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. Only upon
receipt of the affidavit and, if requested, bond will Keane's exchange agent
issue the shares of Keane common stock, any cash payable for fractional shares
and any unpaid dividends or distributions.

   You should not submit your Metro stock certificates for exchange until you
receive the letter of transmittal and instructions referred to above.

Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains representations and warranties of Keane, Metro
and Veritas Acquisition Corp. These relate to:

  .  their organization, existence, good standing, corporate power and
     similar corporate matters,

  .  their capitalization,

  .  their authorization, execution, delivery, required filings and consents
     and the performance and enforceability of the merger agreement and
     related matters,

  .  the absence of conflicts, violations and defaults under their corporate
     charters and bylaws and other agreements and documents,

  .  filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,

  .  their respective financial statements,

  .  the absence of changes in their respective businesses,

  .  litigation matters,

  .  brokers and related fees, and

  .  the accuracy of information provided in connection with this proxy
     statement/prospectus.

   Metro also represented and warranted as to:

  .  its subsidiaries

  .  its board recommendation regarding approval of the merger,

  .  the required vote of its shareholders,

  .  accounting matters,

  .  the absence of undisclosed liabilities,

  .  the absence of restrictions on business activities,

  .  tax matters,

  .  its owned and leased real property,

  .  its intellectual property,

  .  its material contracts,

  .  environmental matters,

  .  its employee benefit plans,

  .  compliance with laws,

  .  permits,

  .  labor matters,

  .  insurance,

  .  its assets,

  .  its clients and suppliers,

  .  its account receivables, prepayments, prebilled invoices and deposits,

  .  government contracts,

  .  the absence of existing discussions with third parties regarding an
     acquisition proposal,

  .  the opinion of its financial advisor, and

  .  the actions by its board of directors that make the Virginia
     antitakeover statute inapplicable to the merger.

   Keane has also represented and warranted as to the interim operations of
Veritas Acquisition Corp.

Covenants of Keane and Metro

   Conduct of Metro's Business Prior to the Merger. Metro has agreed that it
and its subsidiaries will carry on their business in the usual, regular and
ordinary course in substantially the same manner as previously conducted,
excepted as contemplated by the merger agreement or as required by law.
Specifically, Metro has agreed that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries
will, without the prior written consent of Keane:

  .  declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
     distributions in respect of any of its capital stock,

  .  split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue or
     authorize the issuance of substitute securities for its capital stock,

  .  purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or
     rights to acquire these shares,

  .  with specified exceptions, issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or
     otherwise dispose of or encumber any shares of capital stock, or
     securities convertible into or exchangeable for, or any rights to
     acquire any shares of capital stock or securities convertible into or
     exchangeable for shares of capital stock,

  .  amend or propose to amend its charter or bylaws,

  .  acquire any business, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited
     liability company, association or other business organization or any
     assets that would be material, in the aggregate, to Metro and its
     subsidiaries, taken as a whole,

  .  with specified exceptions, pledge or encumber, sell, lease, license,
     dispose of or otherwise transfer assets material to Metro and its
     subsidiaries, taken as a whole,

  .  adopt or implement any shareholder rights plan,

  .  with specified exceptions, enter into an agreement with respect to any
     merger, consolidation, liquidation or business combination, or any
     acquisition or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets or
     securities of Metro or any of its subsidiaries,

  .  incur any indebtedness in an aggregate amount greater than $80.0 million
     or guarantee any indebtedness of another person,

  .  issue, sell or amend any debt securities or warrants or other rights to
     acquire any debt securities of Metro or any of its subsidiaries,

  .  make any loans, advances, capital contributions to or investment in any
     other person other than Metro and any of its subsidiaries,

  .  except in the ordinary course of business, enter into any hedging
     agreement or other financial agreement or arrangement designed to
     protect Metro or its subsidiaries against fluctuations in commodities
     prices or exchange rates,

  .  make any capital expenditure or other expenditures with respect to
     property, plant or equipment for Metro and its subsidiaries, taken as a
     whole, in excess of specified amounts,

  .  change its accounting methods, principles or practices, except as
     required by a change in generally accepted accounting principles or as
     directed by the SEC,

  .  change any assumption underlying, or method of calculating, any bond
     debt, contingency or other reserve, except as required by a change in
     generally accepted accounting principles or as directed by the
     Securities and Exchange Commission,

  .  pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations
     reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated by, Metro's most
     recent consolidated financial statements other than in the ordinary
     course of business,

  .  waive any material benefits of, modify in any adverse respect, fail to
     enforce, or consent to any matter with respect to which consent is
     required under any confidentiality, standstill or similar agreements to
     which Metro or any of its subsidiaries is a party,

  .  modify, amend or terminate any material contract or agreement, or
     knowingly waive, release or assign any material rights or claims, except
     in the ordinary course of business,

  .  enter into any material contract or agreement (with specified
     exceptions) or, except on a non-exclusive basis in the ordinary course
     of business, license any material intellectual property rights to or
     from any third party,

  .  except as required to comply with applicable law or agreements, plans or
     arrangements existing as of the date of the merger agreement, and with
     specified exceptions, take any action with regard to any plans or
     agreements related to employee matters, including adopting, terminating
     or amending any employee benefit plan or employment or severance
     arrangement, increasing (with specified exceptions) the compensation or
     fringe benefits of, or paying any bonus to, any director, officer,
     employee, advisor or consultant, amending or accelerating the payment or
     vesting of any compensation or benefits (with specified exceptions),
     paying any material benefit not provided for under any benefit plan
     existing as of the date of the merger agreement, or, with specified
     exceptions, granting any awards under any bonus, incentive, performance
     or other compensation plan or arrangement or benefit plan,

  .  make or rescind any tax election, settle or compromise any material tax
     liability or amend any tax return,

  .  initiate, compromise or settle any material litigation or arbitration
     proceeding,

  .  open or close any material facility or office,

  .  fail to maintain insurance at levels substantially comparable to levels
     existing on the date of the merger agreement,

  .  fail to pay accounts payable and other obligations in the ordinary
     course of business, or

  .  authorize, commit or agree in writing or otherwise to take any action
     which would make Metro's representations and warranties untrue or
     incorrect in any material respect or which would result in the
     conditions of the merger set forth in the merger agreement not being
     satisfied in a material way.

   Metro is Restricted from Trying to Sell to Another Party. Subject to
applicable fiduciary duties of the Metro board of directors, Metro has agreed
that from the date of the merger agreement through the effective time of the
merger or the termination of the merger agreement, whichever first occurs,
neither it nor any of its subsidiaries will, directly or indirectly through
their directors, officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys,
accountants and other advisors and representatives:

  .  solicit, initiate, encourage or take any action to facilitate any
     inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes or
     could reasonably be expected to lead to an "acquisition proposal," or

  .  enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussion or
     negotiation regarding, furnish to any person any information with
     respect to, assist or participate in any effort or attempt by any person
     with respect to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, an acquisition
     proposal.

   The merger agreement defines an acquisition proposal to mean:

  .  an inquiry, proposal or offer for a merger, consolidation, dissolution,
     sale of substantial assets, tender offer, recapitalization, share
     exchange or other business combination involving Metro or any of its
     subsidiaries,

  .  any proposal for the issuance by Metro or any of its subsidiaries of
     over 25% of its equity securities, or

  .  any proposal or offer to acquire over 50% of the equity securities or
     consolidated total assets of Metro.

   However, Metro and Metro's board of directors may, prior to the approval and
adoption of the merger agreement by Metro's shareholders and, if Metro has not
breached this covenant:

  .  furnish information to, or participate in discussions or negotiations
     with, a third party in connection with an unsolicited, bona fide written
     proposal to acquire substantially all of Metro's assets or securities,
     or recommend any unsolicited, bona fide written proposal to the Metro
     shareholders, if:

   --Metro's board believes in good faith, based on written advice of its
     financial advisor, that the proposal is materially more favorable from
     a financial point of view to Metro's shareholders and the proposal is
     reasonably capable of being completed on the terms proposed, and
     Metro"s board determines in good faith after consultation with outside
     legal counsel that such action is necessary to comply with its
     fiduciary duties to shareholders under applicable law,

   --before it furnishes such information to, or enters into discussions or
     negotiations with a third party, that third party provides to Metro's
     board an executed confidentiality agreement (including a standstill
     agreement) with terms no more favorable to such party than those
     contained in the confidentiality agreement previously executed between
     Keane and Metro, and

   --prior to recommending a superior proposal to its shareholders, Metro
     gives Keane at least three business days prior notice to give Keane an
     opportunity to make a counterproposal in which event Metro will
     consider Keane's counterproposal,

  .  request clarifications regarding the terms and conditions of any
     acquisition proposal from the third party making the proposal for the
     purpose of ascertaining whether such acquisition proposal is a superior
     proposal, and

  .  comply with Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934, with regard to a proposal.

   Metro has agreed to notify Keane in writing within three business days of
receipt of any acquisition proposal or request for non-public information in
connection with an acquisition proposal or for access to the books or records
of Metro by any person or entity that informs Metro that it is considering
making or has made a proposal. Metro agrees to continue to keep Keane informed
on a current basis to the extent practicable and, in any event, as promptly as
practicable, of all material developments with respect to the status of any
discussions and the material terms being discussed or negotiated.

   Meeting of Shareholders. Metro has agreed to hold a meeting of shareholders
as promptly as practicable after the registration statement, of which this
proxy statement/prospectus is a part, is declared effective (but no later than
45 days after such declaration) for Metro shareholders to consider and vote on
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement. Except as described in
"Metro is Restricted from Trying to Sell to Another Party" above, Metro's board
of directors is obligated to recommend approval and adoption of the actions to
be considered by Metro's shareholders and not withdraw or modify its
recommendations in a manner adverse to Keane. Even if the Metro board does
withdraw or modify its recommendation, Metro is obligated to call, give notice
of, convene and hold a meeting of shareholders to consider the proposed
transaction with Keane.

   Filings; Other Actions. Keane and Metro have also agreed to use their
respective commercially reasonable efforts to:

  .  take all appropriate action to complete the transactions contemplated by
     the merger agreement,

  .  obtain any consents, licenses, permits, waivers, approvals,
     authorizations or orders from governmental entities or third parties
     required in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement, and

  .  make all necessary filings and submissions with respect to the
     transactions contemplated by the merger agreement under federal or state
     securities laws, antitrust laws and other applicable laws.

   Keane and Metro have also agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain any governmental clearances required under antitrust laws for the
closing of the merger. Keane has the right to direct any governmental
proceedings or negotiations relating to these governmental proceedings as long
as it allows Metro a reasonable opportunity to participate in the proceedings.
Keane and its subsidiaries are not required either to divest any of their
businesses or assets or take other action that might adversely affect Keane or
the combined company, or to take any action with respect to these government
approvals if the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission
authorizes its staff to seek a preliminary injunction or restraining order to
enjoin completion of the merger.

   Notification. Keane and Metro are obligated to provide prompt notice to one
another of the occurrence or failure to occur of any event which would be
reasonably likely to cause a representation or warranty made in the merger
agreement to be untrue or inaccurate.

   Stock Exchange Listing. Keane has agreed to use its best efforts to cause
the shares of Keane common stock which will be issued in the merger to become
listed on the American Stock Exchange.

   Director and Officer Indemnification and Insurance. The merger agreement
provides that for a period of six years after the merger Keane will cause the
surviving corporation to honor its obligations:

  .  to indemnify and hold harmless each present and former director and
     officer of Metro against any costs or expenses, judgments, fines,
     losses, claims, damages, liabilities or settlement payments arising out
     of or pertaining to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the
     effective time of the merger, and will not modify those obligations for
     a period of six years after the effective time of the merger, and

  .  to maintain in effect a directors' and officers' liability insurance
     policy covering each present and former director and officer of Metro
     against any costs or expenses pertaining to matters existing or
     occurring at or prior to the merger.

Related Matters After the Merger

   At the time of the merger, Veritas Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Keane, will be merged into Metro and Metro will become the
surviving corporation in the merger and a wholly owned subsidiary of Keane.
Each share of Veritas Acquisition Corp. common stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the merger will be converted into and exchanged for one
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the
surviving corporation. The charter of Veritas Acquisition Corp., as in effect
immediately prior to the merger, will become the charter of the surviving
corporation, except that the name will be changed to Metro Information
Services, Inc. The bylaws of Veritas Acquisition Corp. will become the bylaws
of the surviving corporation, except that the name will be changed to Metro
Information Services, Inc.

Conditions to Obligations to Complete the Merger

   The obligations of Keane and Metro to effect the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

  .  Metro's shareholders must have approved and adopted the merger
     agreement,

  .  all applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act must have
     expired or been terminated,

  .  Keane and Metro must have obtained all material government
     authorizations and consents,

  .  the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a
     part must have become effective and not be the subject of a stop order,
     and no proceedings for that purpose can be threatened or initiated,

  .  there must be no order, executive order, stay, decree, judgement or
     injunction, or statute, rule or regulation, in effect that makes the
     merger illegal or otherwise prohibits consummation of the merger, and

  .  the American Stock Exchange must have approved for listing the shares of
     Keane common stock that will be issued to Metro shareholders in the
     merger.

   In addition, the obligations of Keane and Veritas Acquisition Corp. to
effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following
conditions:

  .  with specified exceptions, the representations and warranties of Metro
     in the merger agreement must be true and correct in all material
     respects as of the closing date of the merger, and Keane must have
     received a certificate executed on behalf of Metro to that effect,

  .  Metro must have performed, in all material respects, its obligations
     required to be performed by it under the merger agreement at or prior to
     the closing date of the merger, and Keane must have received a
     certificate executed by an authorized officer on behalf of Metro to that
     effect,

  .  between the time of the execution of the merger agreement and the
     effective time of the merger, no event shall have occurred which has
     had, or is reasonably likely to have, a material adverse effect on
     Metro,

  .  Keane must have received an opinion from its counsel (or from Metro's
     counsel if Keane's counsel does not provide such an opinion) to the
     effect that the merger will be treated as a reorganization for federal
     income tax purposes under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code,

  .  Metro must have obtained all consents and approvals of third parties
     previously identified by the parties,

  .  no action may be instituted or pending by a governmental entity seeking
     to interfere with the ownership or operation of the business of Metro or
     its subsidiaries, Keane's ownership of Metro and its subsidiaries after
     the merger, or Keane's ownership of its business prior to the merger,
     and

  .  Keane must have received copies of resignations of each of Metro's
     directors, including the directors of the Metro subsidiaries.

   In addition, the obligation of Metro to effect the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

  .  with specified exceptions, the representations and warranties of Keane
     and Veritas Acquisition Corp. in the merger agreement must be true and
     correct in all material respects as of the closing date of the merger,
     and Metro must have received a certificate executed on behalf of Keane
     to that effect,

  .  Keane and Veritas Acquisition Corp. must have performed, in all material
     respects, their obligations required to be performed by them under the
     merger agreement at or prior to the closing date of the merger, and
     Metro must have received a certificate executed by an authorized officer
     on behalf of Keane to that effect,

  .  between the time of the execution of the merger agreement and the
     effective time of the merger, no event shall have occurred which has
     had, or is reasonably likely to have, a material adverse effect on
     Keane,

  .  Metro must have received an opinion from its counsel (or from Keane's
     counsel if Metro's counsel does not provide such an opinion) to the
     effect that the merger will be treated as a reorganization for federal
     income tax purposes under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code,

  .  John H. Fain must have been elected to serve on the Keane board of
     directors effective immediately following the effective time of the
     merger, and

  .  no action may be instituted or pending by a governmental entity seeking
     to interfere with the ownership or operation of the business of Metro or
     its subsidiaries, Keane's ownership of Metro and its subsidiaries after
     the merger, or Keane's ownership of its business prior to the merger.

Termination; Fees and Expenses

 Termination

   The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger abandoned at any time
prior to the effective time of the merger under the following circumstances:

  .  by mutual written consent of the parties,

  .  by either Keane or Metro, if:

   --the merger is not completed, without the fault of the terminating
     party, by December 31, 2001,

   --a governmental entity has issued a nonappealable final order, decree or
     ruling or taken any other nonappealable final action that restrains,
     enjoins or otherwise prohibits the merger, or

   --the Metro shareholders do not approve and adopt the merger agreement,
     except that Metro shall have no right to terminate if it is in breach
     of, or failed to fulfill its obligations under, the merger agreement or
     if the requisite shareholder vote was not obtained due to breach of the
     shareholder's agreement by John H. Fain,

  .  by Keane, if

   --Metro's board of directors fails to unanimously recommend approval and
     adoption of the merger agreement or withdraws or modifies its
     recommendation of the merger agreement,

   --Metro fails to unanimously reconfirm its recommendation of the merger
     agreement within five days after Keane's request to do so,

   --Metro's board approves or recommends another acquisition proposal,

   --a third party commences a tender offer or exchange offer and Metro's
     board recommends or fails to recommend against such tender or exchange
     offer, or

   --Metro engages in the solicitation, initiation or encouragement of
     another proposal that could reasonably be expected to lead to an
     acquisition proposal, and

  .  by Keane or Metro, if there has been a breach or failure to perform by
     the other party, any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set
     forth in the merger agreement which is not cured within 20 days after
     the breaching party receives notice of the breach.

   If either Keane or Metro terminates the merger agreement because of any of
the reasons listed above, all obligations of the parties under the merger
agreement will terminate except for the obligation to pay fees and expenses as
described below, and no termination shall relieve Keane or Metro from liability
or damages resulting from breach of the merger agreement.

 Expenses

   Except as described below, Keane and Metro will bear their own expenses
incurred in connection with the merger, other than the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act
filing fees and expenses incurred with respect to the printing and filing of
this proxy statement/prospectus and the registration statement, which Keane and
Metro will share equally (excluding attorneys' fees).

   In addition to any termination fee described below, Metro has agreed to pay
up to $1,500,000 to Keane as reimbursement for its expenses actually incurred
in connection with the merger if the merger agreement is terminated:

  .  by Keane, where the merger is not completed by December 31, 2001 because
     Metro failed to meet specified closing conditions,

  .  by Keane, where Metro fails to unanimously recommend approval and
     adoption of the proposed transaction with Keane, or recommends another
     acquisition proposal,

  .  by Keane, if a third party commences a tender offer or exchange offer
     and Metro recommends or fails to recommend against such tender offer or
     exchange offer,

  .  by Keane, if Metro engages in the solicitation, initiation or
     encouragement of another proposal that could reasonably be expected to
     lead to an acquisition proposal,

  .  by Keane, where there has been a material breach of any representation,
     warranty or covenant or agreement by Metro that is not cured within 20
     days following receipt of notice of such breach from Keane, or

  .  by Keane or Metro, where Metro fails to obtain the requisite vote of its
     shareholders to approve the merger agreement.

   In addition to any termination fees described below, Keane has agreed to pay
up to $1,500,000 to Metro as reimbursement for its fees and expenses paid in
connection with the merger if the merger agreement is terminated by Metro:

  .  where the merger is not completed by December 31, 2001 because Keane
     failed to meet specified closing conditions, or

  .  where there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty
     or covenant or agreement by Keane that is not cured within 20 days
     following receipt of notice of that breach from Metro.

 Termination Fees

   Metro has agreed to pay Keane a termination fee of $8,100,000, less any
amounts payable as reimbursement for Keane's expenses, upon the earliest to
occur of the following events:

  .  Keane terminates the merger agreement because:

   --there has been a material breach of any representation, warranty or
     covenant or agreement by Metro that is not cured within 20 days of
     receiving notice of that breach,

   --Metro's board of directors fails to unanimously recommend approval and
     adoption of the merger agreement or withdraws or modifies its
     recommendation of the merger agreement,

   --Metro fails to unanimously reconfirm its recommendation of the merger
     agreement within five days after Keane's request to do so,

   --Metro's board approves or recommends another acquisition proposal,

   --a third party commences a tender offer or exchange offer and Metro's
     board recommends or fails to recommend against such tender or exchange
     offer, or

   --Metro engages in the solicitation, initiation or encouragement of
     another proposal that could reasonably be expected to lead to an
     acquisition proposal, or

  .  Metro or Keane terminates the merger agreement because Metro's
     shareholders do not approve and adopt the merger agreement if, prior to
     the termination of the agreement, a bona fide acquisition proposal with
     respect to Metro has been announced and not unconditionally withdrawn
     and abandoned.

   Keane has agreed to pay Metro a termination fee of $8,100,000, less any
amounts payable as reimbursement for Metro's expenses, if Metro terminates the
merger agreement because there has been a material breach of any
representation, warranty or covenant or agreement by Keane that is not cured
within 20 days of receiving notice of the breach.

   If applicable, any expenses and fees payable as described above shall be
paid within one business day after demand therefor.

Amendment

   Generally, the board of directors of each of Keane and Metro may amend the
merger agreement by mutual agreement at any time prior to the completion of the
merger. However, after Metro's shareholders approve and adopt the merger
agreement, any amendment will be restricted by the Virginia corporation
statute. Amendments must be in writing and signed by all parties.

                                OTHER AGREEMENTS

Shareholder's Agreement

   In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, John H. Fain,
Metro's chairman of the board and chief executive officer, who, together with
various family trusts, beneficially owned approximately 54.5% of the
outstanding shares of Metro common stock on the record date, entered into a
shareholder's agreement with Keane. Under the shareholder's agreement, Mr. Fain
has agreed to vote a portion of his Metro shares representing 40% of the
outstanding shares of Metro common stock in favor of the merger agreement. Mr.
Fain executed an irrevocable proxy that enables Keane to vote his shares to
approve and adopt the merger agreement. Mr. Fain was not paid additional
consideration in connection with the irrevocable proxy. Mr. Fain also agreed
not to transfer or otherwise dispose of any Metro shares except as set forth in
the shareholder's agreement. The proxy automatically terminates upon the
termination of the merger agreement. The shareholder's agreement terminates
upon the earlier of the merger becoming effective in accordance with the terms
and provisions of the merger agreement or the termination of the merger
agreement.

   Under the shareholder's agreement, Mr. Fain has the right to be nominated to
the Keane board of directors effective as of the effective time of the merger.
Subject to its fiduciary duties under applicable law, the Keane board has
agreed to nominate Mr. Fain for election to the board at all meetings of
stockholders at which Keane stockholders will vote on the election of directors
following the effective time. Keane's obligation to nominate Mr. Fain will
terminate when he and his affiliates cease to beneficially own 4% or more of
the outstanding shares of Keane common stock.

   The shareholder's agreement is attached as Annex C to this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Affiliate Agreements

   Each executive officer and director of, and those who may be an affiliate
of, Metro has executed a written affiliate agreement providing, among other
things, that the officer, director or affiliate will not offer, sell, transfer,
pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of, any of the shares of Keane common
stock issued to the officer, director or affiliate under the merger agreement
until such transaction is permitted under Rule 145 of the Securities Act, an
opinion of counsel has been furnished to the effect that no registration under
the Securities Act is required in connection with the proposed transaction or a
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the proposed
transaction becomes effective.

Executive Retention Agreements

   In connection with the merger, Metro entered into executive retention
agreements with each of John H. Fain, Andrew J. Downing, Kathleen A. Neff,
Robert J. Eveleigh and Bradley B. Breseman, all of whom are currently Metro
executives. The retention agreements are contingent upon the consummation of
the merger and supersede all prior employment agreements between each executive
and Metro.

   Each retention agreement sets the base salary for each executive, which is
equivalent to the executive's existing base salary. Under the executive
retention agreement, each executive is also eligible for a transaction bonus
and severance benefits. If the executive remains employed by Metro through the
closing date of the merger and executes a merger bonus and release agreement
with Metro, the executive shall receive a transaction bonus equivalent to two
times his or her annual base salary.

   Metro retains the right to terminate the employment of the executive at any
time, including, without limitation, during the transition period, with or
without notice and with or without cause. The transition period is the period
between the closing date of the merger and a date specified in writing by Keane
(which shall be no more than 180 days) following the closing.

   If Keane terminates the executive's employment without cause during the
transition period or the executive notifies Keane in writing during the
transition period of his or her intention to terminate employment

upon completion of the transition period, the executive is entitled to receive
a retention payment equivalent to one times his annual base salary. The
executive must execute a retention benefit and release agreement as a condition
to receiving his or her retention payment.

   The transaction bonus and severance payments of the executives are set forth
in the following table:

                                                          Transaction Bonus       Severance Payment
       Executive              Current Metro Title      (2X Annual Base Salary) (1X Annual Base Salary)
       ---------              -------------------      ----------------------- -----------------------

John H. Fain............ Chief Executive Officer              $780,000                $390,000
Andrew J. Downing....... President and Chief
                          Operating Officer                   $660,000                $330,000
Kathleen A. Neff........ Chief Technology Officer             $500,000                $250,000
Robert J. Eveleigh...... Chief Financial Officer              $360,000                $180,000
Bradley B. Breseman..... Vice President of
                          Administrative Services             $310,000                $155,000

   Each of the retention agreements contains non-competition and non-
solicitation provisions during the term of the executive's employment and for
the period of:

  .  three years after termination of employment, if termination occurs
     before the first anniversary of the closing date, or

  .  two years after termination of employment, if termination occurs after
     the first anniversary of the closing date.

   Under these provisions, the executive may not:

  .  engage in any competitive business or activity,

  .  solicit, recruit, induce, attempt to induce or permit any organization
     directly or indirectly controlled by the executive to solicit, recruit,
     induce or attempt to induce any employee or independent contractor to
     leave Metro who was employed or engaged by Metro during the executive's
     employment with Metro, or

  .  solicit, divert or take away or attempt to solicit, divert or take away,
     or permit any organization directly or indirectly controlled by the
     executive to solicit, divert or take away, or attempt to solicit, divert
     or take away the business or patronage of any clients or accounts, or
     prospective clients or accounts, of Metro, which were contacted,
     solicited or served by Metro during the executive's employment with
     Metro.

   A form of executive retention agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex E.

Employee Retention and Severance Payments

   In connection with the merger, Metro established and Keane agreed to honor
retention severance programs for some of Metro's general and administrative
employees.

   Eligible employees will participate in differing programs depending on the
employee's work function. General and administrative employees who work at the
corporate level will participate in the first program and general and
administrative employees who work in the field will participate in the second
program.

   Under the first program, employees are eligible for a total payment equal to
the greater of

  .  four weeks salary, or

  .  two weeks salary for each full year of employment with Metro.

   Fifty percent of the payment employees are eligible to receive constitutes
retention pay and the remaining fifty percent constitutes severance pay. For an
employee to be eligible to receive a retention payment, he or she

must remain employed by Keane for a period between the closing date of the
merger and a date specified in writing by Keane, known as the retention period.
The retention period shall not exceed 180 days. An employee will be eligible to
receive retention and severance pay in accordance with the following chart:

              Corporate-Level General and Administrative Employees

Termination
Circumstances            During Retention Period After Retention Period
-------------            ----------------------- ----------------------

Employee voluntarily        No retention pay     Retention pay
terminates                  No severance pay     No severance pay

Keane or surviving          Retention pay        Retention pay and
corporation                 Severance pay
terminates employee
without cause
                                                 .  Severance pay if termination
                                                    occurs prior to first
                                                    anniversary of closing date,
                                                    or
                                                 .  standard severance benefits
                                                    provided to employees of Keane
                                                    if termination occurs on or
                                                    after first anniversary of
                                                    closing date

Keane or surviving          No retention pay     Retention pay
corporation                 No severance pay     No severance pay
terminates employee for
cause

   Under the second program, if Keane terminates employees without cause during
the 45-day period following the closing date, such employees are eligible for a
total payment equivalent to the greater of

  .  in the case of office directors: (a) one months salary or (b) two weeks
     salary for each full year of employment with Metro completed prior to
     the termination date, and

  .  in all other cases: (a) four weeks salary or (b) one weeks salary for
     each full year of employment with Metro completed prior to the
     termination date.

   The aggregate amount to be paid under these severance and retention programs
is approximately $1.4 million.

           RECENTLY ELECTED DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF KEANE

Recently Elected Directors

   On July 26, 2001, Keane's board of directors unanimously elected Maria A.
Cirino and Stephen D. Steinour to serve as directors of Keane until Keane's
2002 annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are
duly elected and qualified. Ms. Cirino and Mr. Steinour will each receive
$1,000 and expenses for each meeting of Keane's board of directors attended.
During Keane's fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, Keane's board of directors
held ten meetings. Keane's non-employee directors are also entitled to receive
non-statutory stock options under Keane's stock incentive plan. On July 26,
2001, Ms. Cirino and Mr. Steinour were each granted a non-statutory stock
option to purchase 10,000 shares of Keane's common stock at an exercise price
of $18.30 per share. These options vest on the fifth anniversary of the date of
grant, provided that the vesting of such options immediately accelerates with
respect to 34% of the shares covered thereby upon Keane achieving cash earnings
per share of $1.00, with respect to an additional 33% of the shares covered
thereby upon Keane achieving cash earnings per share of $1.50 and with respect
to the remaining 33% of the shares covered thereby upon Keane achieving cash
earnings per share of $2.00.

   John H. Fain, Metro's chairman of the board and chief executive officer,
will be nominated to become a director of Keane as of the effective time of the
merger and will serve as a director of Keane until Keane's 2002 annual meeting
of stockholders and until his successor is duly elected and qualified. Under
the shareholder's agreement among Mr. Fain, Keane and Veritas, Mr. Fain has the
right to be nominated and recommended for election to Keane's board at each
meeting of Keane stockholders at which directors are to be elected. Mr. Fain's
right to be nominated and recommended for election to Keane's board will
terminate when Mr. Fain and his affiliates cease to beneficially own 4% or more
of the outstanding shares of Keane's common stock. As an employee director, Mr.
Fain will not be entitled to receive the annual director's fees and the per-
meeting fees and expenses described above. See also "The Merger--Interests of
Executive Officers and Directors of Metro in the Merger."

   Set forth below is biographical information with respect to the three
individuals described above.

   Maria A. Cirino, age 37, has served as a director of Keane since July 26,
2001. Since February 2000, Ms. Cirino has served as the chief executive officer
and chairman of Guardent, Inc., a provider of security and privacy services.
From July 1997 to February 2000, Ms. Cirino served as vice president of sales
and marketing of i-Cube, Inc., which merged into Razorfish, Inc. in November
1999, a strategic digital communications company. From June 1994 to July 1997,
Ms. Cirino served as vice president of sales, and from January 1993 to June
1994, Ms. Cirino served as director of channel sales of Shiva Corporation, a
developer of remote access products for enterprise networks.

   Stephen D. Steinour, age 43, has served as a director of Keane since July
26, 2001. Since January 1997, Mr. Steinour has served as vice chairman of
Citizens Financial Group, a commercial bank holding company. From October 1992
to December 1996, Mr. Steinour served as the executive vice president and chief
credit officer of Citizens Wholesale Banking Group of Citizens Financial Group.

   John H. Fain, age 52, will be nominated to become a director of Keane as of
the effective time of the merger. Mr. Fain has served as chairman of the board
and chief executive officer of Metro since July 1979 and served as Metro's
president from July 1979 to January 1, 2001. Mr. Fain is also a director of
Metro.

Recently Elected Executive Officers
   In January 2001, Keane appointed Linda B. Toops and Irene Brown as senior
vice presidents. Set forth below is biographical information with respect to
Ms. Toops and Ms. Brown.

   Linda B. Toops, age 47, has served as a senior vice president of Keane since
January 2001 and as the president of Keane Consulting Group, a division of
Keane, since May 2000. From January 1998 to May 2000, Ms. Toops served as an
executive vice president and from January 1996 to January 1998 as a senior vice
president of Bricker and Associates, an operations improvement consulting firm
which was acquired by Keane in 1998.

   Irene Brown, age 47, has served as a senior vice president of Keane since
January 2001 and as managing director of Keane Ltd., a subsidiary of Keane,
since August 1998. From 1992 until August 1998, Ms. Brown served as the
managing director of Icom Solutions, a U.K.-based IT services firm which was
acquired by Keane in 1998.

                               BUSINESS OF METRO

Overview

   Metro Information Services, Inc. was incorporated on July 1, 1979 in
Virginia. The headquarters of Metro and its consolidated subsidiaries is
located in Virginia Beach, Virginia.

   Metro provides a wide range of information technology, or IT, consulting and
custom software development services and solutions in 33 metropolitan markets
in the United States and Puerto Rico. As of June 30, 2001, Metro had 1,988
consultants working with clients on all aspects of computer systems and
applications development. Services and solutions performed by Metro include
application systems development and maintenance, IT architecture and
engineering, systems consulting, project outsourcing (including managed
services) and general support services. Metro supports all major computer
technology platforms and supports client projects using a broad range of
software applications. For example, Metro custom develops applications in Java,
HTML, ASP and other web-related languages as well as Visual Basic, C++, Oracle,
Informix and DB2. Metro also implements and supports network environments based
on Windows 2000, Windows NT, Novell and UNIX platforms and supports numerous
other application environments.

Development of the Business

   Between 1996 and April 1999, Metro grew significantly. On December 31, 1995,
Metro had 20 offices and 1,074 full-time consultants. From December 31, 1995
through December 31, 1999, Metro increased its revenue at a compound annual
growth rate of 36%, including revenue growth through acquisitions. Facilitating
this growth were a strong economy, increased use of and reliance on IT,
significant changes in computer technologies, the migration from centralized
mainframe computer systems to distributed client/server environments to Web-
based systems and a trend in corporate America towards outsourcing IT services
due to the shortage of in-house expertise and resources to address the variety
and complexity of IT projects. Between 1996 and 1999, Metro accelerated its
rate of new office openings from one office per year to as many as four offices
per year. Metro also invested heavily in computerized systems custom-designed
for Metro's approach to the IT services industry and communications systems to
enhance the flow of information within Metro.

   Metro was a privately owned company until January 29, 1997, when it
consummated an initial public offering of 3,100,000 shares of its common stock
at a price of $16.00 per share. In the offering, Metro issued 2,300,000 shares
and one of Metro's shareholders sold 800,000 shares. On February 3, 1997, the
underwriters of the initial public offering exercised their over-allotment
option, purchasing 465,000 shares of common stock from several other
shareholders of Metro, at a price of $16.00 per share. The net proceeds to
Metro from the offering were $33,144,000. In connection with the public
offering, Metro terminated its S corporation election resulting in Metro
becoming fully subject to federal and state income taxes effective January 1,
1997. On January 20, 1997, Metro distributed $9,000,000 to its shareholders,
approximating the estimated aggregate undistributed amount of income on which
Metro's shareholders were required to pay income taxes for tax years 1987
through 1996.

   Since 1997, Metro has acquired the following companies:

       Date                  Company Acquired                     Location
       ----                  ----------------                     --------

July 1, 1997......  Data Systems Technology, Inc.      Columbia and Greenville,
                                                       South Carolina

July 1, 1997......  DP Career Associates               Kansas City, Missouri

December 2, 1998..  The Avery Group                    Palo Alto, California

January 1, 1999...  D.P. Specialists, Inc.             El Segundo, California

January 1, 1999...  D.P. Specialists Learning Center,  Woodbridge, New Jersey
                    LLC

February 1, 1999..  The Professionals--Computer        Irvine, California
                    Management & Consulting, Inc.

February 1, 1999..  Krystal Solutions, Inc.            San Bruno, California

March 1, 1999.....  Solution Technologies, Inc.        Camp Hill (Harrisburg),
                                                       Pennsylvania Altoona,
                                                       Pennsylvania
                                                       Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
                                                       Charlotte, North Carolina
                                                       Hagerstown, Maryland
                                                       Kansas City, Missouri

August 13, 1999...  Acuity Technology Services, LLC    Washington, D.C.
                                                       Baltimore, Maryland
                                                       Dallas, Texas

August 13, 1999...  Acuity Technology Services of      Washington, D.C.
                    Dallas, LLC                        Baltimore, Maryland
                                                       Dallas, Texas

   At the end of 1999, Metro had grown to 45 offices located in 21 states and
Puerto Rico and more than 2,700 full-time consultants. Metro financed these
acquisitions with the balance of the proceeds from its January 1997 initial
public offering, cash generated by operations and borrowings under its lines of
credit.

   Starting in May 1999, Metro experienced a slowdown in demand for IT
services. During 1999, clients were reluctant to start new IT projects until
the full effect of computer problems associated with the advent of the Year
2000 was known. This slowdown continued throughout 2000. On May 25, 2000,
Metro's executive management approved a plan to close eight of Metro's smaller
offices and combine operations in two other markets. By June 2, 2000, offices
located in Memphis, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Orlando, Pittsburgh, Portland,
Sacramento and Salt Lake City were closed. At the end of 2000, Metro combined
operations in Baltimore and Washington, D.C. As of June 30, 2001, Metro
operated in 34 metropolitan markets in the United States and Puerto Rico.

   Despite the slowdown in demand for IT services, which resulted in no growth
in 2000, Metro increased its revenue at a compound annual growth rate of 30%,
including revenue growth through acquisitions, from December 31, 1996 through
December 31, 2000. As of June 30, 2001, Metro had 1,988 full-time consultants,
down from 2,446 at the end of 2000. The decline in consultant count occurred as
Metro rapidly transitioned its workforce towards newer technologies.

   On December 12, 2000, Metro announced that it would conduct its business
under two primary brands: Metro IT Consulting and Metro IT Solutions. The Metro
IT Consulting brand would appear in each of the markets Metro serves. IT
Consulting would primarily focus on providing traditional time and material
augmentation services. IT Consulting would also be the primary lead generator
for IT Solutions. The Metro IT

Solutions brand provides project management, project methodologies and systems
integration-focused e-business solutions. IT Solutions takes over the role
formerly performed by Metro's business technology solutions team and
coordination provided through Metro's Solutions Centers in Virginia Beach,
Virginia, Los Angeles, California and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. While these
brands are not separately identifiable as separate operating units, they
represent the latest step in a strategy to increase the amount of solutions
work Metro provides to its clients.

   Metro's common stock is listed on The Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "MISI."

Industry Overview

   Since May 1999, Metro and the rest of the IT services industry have
experienced a slowdown in demand for IT services. During 1999, clients were
reluctant to start new IT projects until the full effect of computer problems
associated with the advent of the Year 2000 was known. The industry slowdown
continued throughout 2000. As a result, the focus in 2000 was to complete a
major shift in the work force towards newer technologies, and Metro's growth
rate from earlier years has not yet returned. Retention of existing consultants
and finding enough new consultants for the newer technologies, with the right
skills, is Metro's greatest challenge.

   Rapid technological advances accelerated the growth of the IT industry in
the 1990's. These advances included more powerful and less expensive computer
technology, the transition from mainframe computer systems to open and
distributed computing environments and the advent of capabilities such as
relational databases, imaging, software development productivity tools and web-
enabled software. These advances expanded the benefits that users can derive
from computer-based information systems and improved the price-to-performance
ratios of those systems. As a result, an increasing number of companies are
employing IT in new ways, often to gain competitive advantages in the
marketplace, and IT services have become an important component of their long-
term growth strategies. The same advances that have enhanced the benefits of
computer systems have rendered the development and implementation of those
systems increasingly complex. Metro believes the significant shift towards
using the Internet for consumer and business transactions presents another
major opportunity for Metro. As a result, Metro is continuing to shift its
employees towards Internet, client/server and network skills that support an
Internet-based economy. At the same time, Metro will continue to provide the
broad variety of IT services its clients use to support their businesses. There
is a shortage of IT consultants qualified to support these systems.
Accordingly, business has turned to IT services firms, such as Metro, to
develop, support and strengthen their internal IT departments and systems.

Business Strategy

   The key components of Metro's business strategy are:

   Attract, develop and retain qualified consultants. Metro seeks to attract,
develop and retain qualified consultants by focusing primarily on IT services,
providing leadership and management support through effective and open
communication, developing consultants through professional and technical
training and educational programs, providing challenging project opportunities
with significant client responsibility and offering competitive compensation
and benefits that recognize the individual needs of each consultant. Metro
maintains a proprietary database of current, prospective and former consultants
to help it identify and recruit qualified consultants. In addition, Metro's
presence in 33 metropolitan markets enhances Metro's ability to match
consultants' desired locations and technical abilities with client needs. Metro
recognizes that its success can be sustained only through the efforts and
quality of its consultants. To this end, management provides responsive
technical and professional support, promotes a sense of responsibility and
rewards quality performance through numerous incentive programs and awards.

   Build long-term partnerships with clients. Metro's goal is to have its
clients view Metro as an extension of their IT departments and as a long-term
partner that is able to fulfill their IT services requirements. As a

result, Metro emphasizes a partnership approach to its clients, rather than a
one-time project or assignment approach. To develop these relationships, Metro
spends a significant amount of time and resources tracking and anticipating the
needs of its clients. Metro works to maintain close communications with its
clients during and at the conclusion of each project with a view to achieving
quality results and assessing future opportunities.

   In 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the twelve months ended June 30, 2001, Metro
provided IT consultants to approximately 476, 788, 730 and 651 clients,
respectively (excluding clients that generated less than $25,000 in revenue
during those periods). In each of 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the twelve months
ended June 30, 2001, at least 85% of Metro's revenue came from clients who were
clients in the prior year, excluding the effect of acquisitions completed in
1999.

   Metro's ten largest clients accounted for approximately 31.3%, 21.7%, 23.2%
and 23.9% of Metro's revenue in 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the twelve months ended
June 30, 2001, respectively. Metro's largest client accounted for approximately
4.4%, 3.6%, 5.2% and 5.9% of Metro's revenue in 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the
twelve months ended June 30, 2001, respectively.

   Metro serves clients operating in a wide variety of industries and many of
these clients are engaged in multiple lines of business. In the following
chart, Metro has grouped these clients according to what Metro believes to be
their principal business area. The approximate percentage of Metro's revenue by
industry group for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000 follows:

                                                            1998   1999   2000
                                                            -----  -----  -----

Banking....................................................  11.0%   7.3%   4.1%
Communications.............................................  10.2    9.2   11.3
Financial Services.........................................   8.6    9.7    7.9
Food.......................................................   1.1    0.7    5.6
Healthcare.................................................   6.2    8.2    6.0
Industrial.................................................   3.0    2.0    0.2
Insurance..................................................   2.5    2.0    2.6
Manufacturing & Distribution...............................   9.4    8.5   10.3
Oil & Gas..................................................   1.2    1.4    1.9
Other Services.............................................   6.5   10.7   12.2
Publishing & Broadcasting..................................   2.1    3.2    3.4
Retail.....................................................   4.4    4.1    3.4
Government.................................................   7.2    8.9    8.0
Technology.................................................  11.8   14.2   16.8
Transportation.............................................   6.1    3.0    2.0
Utilities..................................................   2.9    2.4    1.7
Other......................................................   5.8    4.5    2.6
                                                            -----  -----  -----
  Total Percent of Billings................................ 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
                                                            =====  =====  =====

   Provide a wide range of value-added IT services and solutions. Metro's
consultants provide a wide range of IT services and solutions, including
planning, managing, building, implementing and maintaining IT systems. Metro
supports all major computer technology platforms (client/server, network,
mainframe, Internet and mid-range environments) and supports projects using a
broad range of software applications. For example, Metro custom develops
applications in Java, HTML, ASP and other Web-related languages as well as
Visual Basic, C++, Oracle, Informix and DB2. Metro also implements and supports
network environments based on Windows 2000, Windows NT, Novell and UNIX
platforms and supports numerous other application environments. Metro
continually seeks to broaden its services in the changing IT market by
providing its consultants with exposure to emerging technologies and by hiring
consultants with diverse IT backgrounds and skills.

   Provide high-quality, cost-effective services. Metro is dedicated to
providing its clients with the highest possible level of service at what Metro
believes is the "best value." Metro believes its experienced consultants and
proprietary systems allow it to deliver high-quality, on-schedule services to
its clients in a cost-effective and efficient manner and that the quality of
its services has been a differentiating factor that has helped it successfully
expand. Metro's dedication to quality services and client satisfaction has
resulted in special recognition from clients. Metro's operating procedures and
quality assurance programs are ISO 9002 registered. Metro believes ISO
registration, an international standard for quality assurance and consistency
in operating procedures, enhances its reputation and helps it achieve preferred
vendor status with clients.

   Leverage proprietary systems. Metro's internally designed and developed
proprietary business systems are used to support and enhance its recruiting,
marketing, training, consultant productivity, client scheduling and client
servicing processes. For example, Metro's staff sourcing network provides Metro
with the ability to identify and hire qualified consultants on a nationwide
basis and match their skills and desired work locations with an appropriate
office in a time-critical manner. Metro's scheduling system allows it to
efficiently manage contract renewals and bill rate increases and anticipate
clients' needs for IT consultants and services. These proprietary systems also
permit timely sharing of information on a company-wide basis.

Growth Strategy

   Metro has competed with relative success in the rapidly changing IT services
industry. Until July 1, 1997, Metro achieved all of its growth through internal
growth. On July 1, 1997, Metro completed two acquisitions and effective
December 2, 1998, Metro completed a third acquisition. Metro completed five
acquisitions in 1999. Metro now plans to focus on internal growth until
industry conditions become more favorable.

   Metro's internal growth strategy consists of two components:

   Develop and expand client base. By providing a wide range of high-quality
services, Metro has historically expanded the scope of its client relationships
through additional assignments and by providing additional services within
client organizations. In addition, because many of Metro's clients have offices
throughout the United States, Metro strives to leverage these relationships by
providing IT services in multiple locations. In addition to increasing sales
with existing clients, Metro seeks to develop new client relationships in each
office. This component is now the primary component of the growth strategy.

   Expand range of solutions and services. For several years, Metro opened up
to four offices per year. Metro developed a national expansion strategy and
successfully replicated its business model in its newly opened offices. In May
2000, Metro implemented a restructuring plan to reduce costs and focus on
growing offices that have critical mass, structure and the capability to
deliver the broad range of Metro's services and solutions. In conjunction with
the plan, eight smaller offices were closed and corporate staff was reduced. In
connection with cost reduction initiatives approved by Metro's executive
management on May 4, 2001 and June 18, 2001, Metro recorded a restructuring
charge of $904,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2001. These costs
consisted of employee severance pay and benefits, lease termination costs, and
excess fixed assets. The charge represents Metro management's estimate of the
ultimate obligations associated with executing the plans at the time the
estimates were made. Metro expects to complete all steps in the restructuring
plans by May 4, 2002 and June 18, 2002, respectively.

   With offices in 33 metropolitan markets in the United States and Puerto
Rico, Metro has good national geographic coverage other than in the
northeastern United States. Metro plans to concentrate its resources on
continuing to transition its work force towards newer technologies and grow
Metro's IT Solutions capabilities.

Services and Solutions

   Metro provides IT services primarily through supplemental IT services
arrangements and, to a lesser extent, through project outsourcing services
(including managed services) arrangements. Substantially all of Metro's
services are billed on a time and materials basis. During fiscal years ended
December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, supplemental IT services accounted for 90%,
90% and 85%, respectively, of Metro's revenue. During 1998, 1999 and 2000,
systems consulting and project outsourcing services accounted for 10%, 10% and
15% respectively, of Metro's revenue.

   Metro offers its IT services in the five major service areas set forth in
the following table:

                                                                  Approximate percentage
                                                                 of consultants in area at
    IT Service                       Description                    December 31, 2000*
    ----------                       -----------                 -------------------------

Application systems  Includes consultant support of projects on             66%
 development and     all major technology platforms, including
 maintenance         client/server, object oriented, network,
                     mainframe, mid-range and desktop computing
                     environments

IT architecture and  Includes the support of major systems                  11%
 engineering         foundations and operating systems

Systems consulting   Includes a variety of strategic business                4%
                     services such as information systems and IT
                     planning

Project outsourcing  Includes full project services that                     5%
                     generally require a higher level of
                     responsibility

General support      Includes a variety of services such as help            14%
                     desks, call center support, technical
                     training and documentation and technical
                     writing

--------
* These percentages change daily as consultant assignments change. Due to the
  variation in billing rates in these service areas, these percentages do not
  necessarily correspond to the percentage of revenue from each service area.

Sales and Marketing

   Metro's marketing objective is to develop long-term partnership
relationships with existing and new clients that will lead to Metro becoming
the preferred provider of IT services. Metro's primary marketing approach is to
introduce prospective clients to Metro's capabilities and to learn about
prospective clients' IT environments through personal appointments with
information systems managers, purchasing or human resources managers and chief
information officers. Other sales and marketing methods include client
referrals, networking, attending trade shows and alliances with other vendors.
Metro divides its sales and marketing effort between new client acquisition and
existing client development. At June 30, 2001, Metro employed 27 individuals
performing new client acquisition functions and 56 individuals performing
client development functions. In addition to Metro's primary marketing
approach, Metro also has targeted marketing initiatives for project outsourcing
and managed services/vendor on premise IT services. The Metro IT Solutions
brand supports the efforts of its offices. IT Solutions provides technical and
quality assurance support to offices with such opportunities and acts as a
catalyst to match opportunities with Metro's capabilities on a national level.

Client Support Structure

   Clients are the focus of Metro's client support structure, which provides
each client with "layers of support" from Metro. The first layer of client
support is the IT consultants who work at client sites on

assignments generally lasting six to 12 months. The next layer of support is
each office's leadership team which includes:

  . marketing executives,

  . business development managers,

  . professional staff recruiters,

  . consultant development managers, and

  . a division director who leads the office leadership team, all of whom are
    supported by administrative assistants.

   The corporate support group furnishes a "layer of support" for Metro's
offices through its chief executive officer, John H. Fain, president and chief
operating officer, Andrew J. Downing, and chief financial officer, Robert J.
Eveleigh, working in conjunction with the chief technology officer, the vice
presidents--business development and the vice president of administrative
services. The corporate support group performs as many back office functions as
possible at the corporate headquarters to allow the offices to focus primarily
on sales, client service and consultant support.

   Executive management. During 2000, the executive management team consisted
of Messrs. Fain, Downing and Eveleigh and various vice presidents.

   Administrative services. The administrative services department coordinates
Metro's recruiting process, ISO 9002 registration and compliance, human
resources, payroll and training functions. ISO is an international standard for
quality assurance and consistency in operating procedures.

   Finance. The finance department is responsible primarily for internal and
external financial reporting, general accounting, time entry and reporting,
billing, accounts receivable, facilities acquisition and administration, legal
services, risk management and contracting.

   Information services. The information services department supports systems
operations, office telecommunications and internal applications systems
development and support. Metro has committed significant resources to the
development of its recruiting systems to improve the database search
capabilities, ease data entry via scanning and imaging, ease remote access to
the database and implement a workgroup concept for using the system.

Intellectual Property

   In accordance with industry practice, contracts between Metro and its
clients normally provide that all intellectual property created for a client
belongs exclusively to that client. Intellectual property used by Metro to
operate its business is owned by or licensed to Metro. Metro relies on trade
secret laws to protect its proprietary software. Metro seeks to protect its
trade secrets and other proprietary information through agreements with
employees and consultants. Metro does not hold any patents and does not have
any patent applications pending. There can be no assurance that the steps taken
by Metro to protect its proprietary technology will be adequate to deter
misappropriation of its proprietary rights or third party development of
similar proprietary software.

Seasonality

   Metro's operating results are adversely affected when client facilities
close due to holidays or inclement weather. Metro generally experiences a
degree of seasonality in the fourth quarter due to the number of holidays and
closings of client facilities during that quarter. Further, Metro generally
experiences lower operating results in the first quarter due in part to the
timing of unemployment and social security tax

thresholds and delays in clients' contract renewals related to clients' budget
approval processes. A higher percentage of employee wages are subject to
unemployment and social security tax withholding in the first quarter. In later
quarters, more employees reach the annual taxable wage limits for unemployment
and social security tax withholding.

Competition

   The IT services industry is extremely competitive and highly fragmented.
Metro believes there are thousands of competitors in the United States alone,
many of which are privately owned. Although the market is consolidating,
management believes no one company is dominant. Metro's competitors include:

  . general IT services firms,

  . temporary staffing and personnel placement companies,

  . general management consulting firms,

  . major accounting firms,

  . divisions of large hardware and software companies, and

  . niche providers of IT services.

   With the recent shift towards the Internet, a number of new competitors have
entered the market. These competitors are typically small but well funded
services firms focused exclusively on helping businesses use the Internet to
change their relationships with clients and suppliers.

   Competition may also come from application service providers, or ASPs. ASPs
offer to host standard or slightly customized versions of packaged software
systems for businesses. ASPs may attract clients who are dissatisfied with
their custom software solutions or have difficulty managing their packaged
software systems. Some of Metro's competitors possess substantially greater
resources, greater name recognition and a more established client base than
Metro. In addition, the services offered by Metro have been and continue to be
provided by client personnel. Metro believes that the significant competitive
factors in the sale of its services include:

  . quality of consultant services,

  . timely availability of qualified consultants,

  . price,

  . breadth of services offered, and

  . reputation.

   As Metro attempts to increase the amount of systems consulting and project
outsourcing it performs, prior experience and referrals to prior successful
engagements will play a more significant role in getting new business.

   As a result of intense competition, IT services engagements frequently are
subject to pricing pressure. Clients also require vendors to provide services
in multiple locations. Competition for contracts for many of Metro's services
takes the form of competitive bidding in response to requests for proposals and
quotes.

   Prime vendors present an additional competitive challenge. To reduce the
number of their IT service providers, a number of businesses are beginning to
use a limited number of vendors and, in some cases, a single vendor. Prime
vendors enter into contractual arrangements with clients to fill their IT
services needs either directly or through subcontractors. Because these prime
vendors generally are given the first opportunity to fill a client's consultant
needs, the industry trend toward the use of prime vendors may give Metro fewer
opportunities to place consultants. In those circumstances where the prime
vendor subcontracts with Metro to provide consultants, the prime vendor may
pressure Metro to reduce its billable rates.

   Metro has taken steps, when practical, to become a prime vendor of IT
services for some of its clients. Metro has experienced and anticipates
continued pricing pressure from these clients as a condition to becoming or
remaining a prime vendor. Metro evaluates these situations on an individual
basis to determine whether these arrangements contribute to the overall
profitability of Metro.

   Managed services providers are an emerging competitive challenge. Managed
services providers coordinate the distribution of client requirements and the
responses to those requirements as well as performing billing and payment
services. The managed services providers fees are typically paid by suppliers
out of the suppliers' revenues from the client, thereby reducing profitability.
At the same time, Metro views the growth of managed services as an opportunity
and has developed its own managed services offering, under the name vSMART.

Recruiting and Hiring

   Because recruiting and hiring qualified consultants is critical to Metro's
success, Metro spends significant resources and effort to locate and retain
high-quality consultants. Metro's structured recruiting approach is based on
the use of a proprietary resume tracking database, which allows qualified
candidates to be identified based on specific client requirements. This
approach generates effective communication between the local offices and
corporate headquarters, which allows all offices to share information and match
candidates to the appropriate office and client. A strict qualification process
that utilizes stated standards to qualify candidates, both on a technical and
professional basis, is incorporated into this approach.

   Metro identifies candidates through a variety of sources, including the
Internet, referrals from employees and clients, local and national advertising,
recruiting agencies, career fairs and professional associations. Metro believes
its national presence and local office network enables it to recruit
consultants with specialized skill sets that are generally in higher demand and
more difficult to locate. Candidate resume information is entered into Metro's
proprietary database, which allows Metro's offices equal access to candidate
qualifications. Office staff can search for candidates based on a variety of
search criteria, including skill sets, experience and location preferences.
Metro's administrative services department trains new recruiters (through an
in-house training program known internally as "recruiter university"), monitors
the recruiting process and coordinates the sharing of information among all
offices so candidates are quickly and efficiently pursued for hire throughout
Metro. At June 30, 2001, Metro had 101 recruiters.

Consultant Training and Education

   Metro believes consultant training and education is essential to meeting
client requirements for ever-changing skills and for retaining consultants.
Metro offers a variety of training in technical and professional competencies
on a company-wide level, through its human resources department and, on an
individual office level, through each office's training coordinator. The human
resources department oversees:

  . professional and technical training,

  . the licensing of computer-based training courses,

  . development or licensing of instructor-led training,

  . utilization of corporate training hardware and software, and

  . tuition reimbursement.

   Office training coordinators work closely with their office staff to provide
effective training through the development of training plans, coordination of
class logistics and the sponsorship of informal special interest training
sessions. During 2000, approximately 0.9% of Metro's revenue was spent on
training and education.

Employees

   As of June 30, 2001, approximately 92% of Metro's 1,988 consultants were
employees of Metro for federal and state tax purposes. For such individuals,
Metro pays social security taxes (FICA), federal and state unemployment taxes
and workers' compensation insurance premiums. The remaining consultants were
subcontractors.

   As of June 30, 2001, Metro had 2,522 employees, 2,429 of which were full-
time and 93 were part-time (working 30 hours or less in a week). Of the 2,429
full-time employees, 1,988 were consultants and 441 were general and
administrative staff. Of the 1,988 consultants, Metro classifies 1,214 as
regular staff members and 774 as associate staff members. Regular staff members
are entitled to full benefits and substantially all are salaried and continue
to earn full salary and benefits, even if not working for a client. Metro
markets regular staff members to new clients in anticipation of completion of
current project assignments. Associate staff members are entitled to only
statutory benefits and the majority are paid on an hourly basis. In addition to
statutory benefits, associate staff members are permitted to participate in a
limited number of other benefits, but are required to pay substantially all of
the cost of these benefits. Associate staff members are employed only for
specific client projects. As a result, even though Metro markets most associate
staff members to new clients in anticipation of completion of current project
assignments, they are at greater risk of not being retained by Metro.

   Competition for qualified IT consultants to fill client needs is intense.
Metro believes that its core philosophy and values, developed at Metro's
inception, help it attract and retain high-quality IT professionals.
Consultants sign agreements that limit their ability to compete with Metro for
a 12-month period after leaving Metro. In addition, certain of Metro's
agreements limit the client's ability to hire Metro employees working at the
client's facility.

   Metro completes an annual comprehensive staff survey detailing employee
satisfaction and areas for improvement. The survey results are published in
special editions of Metro's newsletter, MetroExpress, and shared with employees
and clients. The survey helps Metro identify changing employee needs and
desires, which Metro believes increases employee satisfaction and reduces
employee turnover. Metro is not a party to any collective bargaining agreements
and considers its relationships with its employees to be excellent.

Properties

   Metro's executive office is located at Reflections II, 200 Golden Oak Court,
Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452. This facility serves as the headquarters for
the corporate support group. Metro's headquarters is located in a leased
facility with approximately 29,000 square feet at a current annual rent of
$470,571, and a term expiring in 2004. As of June 30, 2001, Metro leased
offices in 35 cities that aggregated approximately 232,000 square feet and are
leased at minimum current annual rents of $3,932,427 for various terms, with no
lease commitment extending past 2010. Metro believes that its properties are
adequate for its current needs. Further, Metro believes that suitable
additional or replacement space will be available when required on terms Metro
believes will be acceptable.

   The following table sets forth additional information concerning Metro's
facilities:

Date Opened/Acquired           Office Location
--------------------           ---------------

July 1979..................... Hampton Roads (Virginia Beach), Virginia
September 1982................ Research Triangle (Raleigh), North Carolina
November 1982................. Richmond, Virginia
August 1984................... Tampa Bay (Tampa), Florida
November 1984................. Charlotte, North Carolina
October 1985.................. Triad (Winston-Salem), North Carolina
March 1987.................... Atlanta, Georgia
October 1987.................. South Florida (Ft. Lauderdale), Florida
August 1988................... Caribbean Islands (Hato Rey), Puerto Rico
November 1989................. Greenville, South Carolina
March 1990.................... Roanoke, Virginia
April 1991.................... Nashville (Brentwood), Tennessee
September 1992................ Dallas/Ft. Worth (Dallas), Texas
July 1993..................... Jacksonville, Florida
July 1994..................... Houston, Texas
April 1995.................... Cincinnati (Fort Mitchell, Kentucky), Ohio
May 1995...................... Chicago (Des Plaines), Illinois
September 1995................ Phoenix, Arizona
April 1996.................... Puget Sound (Bellevue), Washington
October 1996.................. Columbus (Worthington), Ohio
January 1997.................. Rocky Mountain (Denver), Colorado
April 1997.................... St. Louis, Missouri
July 1997*.................... Columbia, South Carolina
July 1997*.................... Kansas City, Missouri
July 1997..................... Austin, Texas
May 1998...................... Tallahassee, Florida
December 1998*................ Palo Alto/Silicon Valley (Menlo Park), California
January 1999*................. Los Angeles (El Segundo), California
February 1999*................ Irvine, California
February 1999*................ San Francisco (San Bruno), California
March 1999*................... Harrisburg (Camp Hill), Pennsylvania
March 1999*................... Altoona, Pennsylvania
March 1999*................... Hagerstown, Maryland
August 1999*.................. Washington, DC (McLean, Virginia)
August 1999*.................. Baltimore, Maryland

--------
* Indicates an office that was acquired.

Legal Proceedings

   Metro is not a party to any material legal proceedings, other than ordinary
routine litigation incidental to Metro's business.

                      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
           OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF METRO

   The following discussion and analysis of Metro's financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with Metro's consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in
this proxy statement/prospectus.

Overview

   Metro provides a wide range of IT consulting and custom software development
services in 33 metropolitan markets in the United States and Puerto Rico. As of
June 30, 2001, Metro had 1,988 consultants working with clients on all aspects
of computer systems and applications development. Services and solutions
performed by Metro include application systems development and maintenance, IT
architecture and engineering, systems consulting, project outsourcing
(including managed services) and general support services. Metro supports all
major computer technology platforms and supports client projects using a broad
range of software applications. For example, Metro custom develops applications
in Java, HTML, ASP and other Web-related languages as well as Visual Basic,
C++, Oracle, Informix and DB2. Metro also implements and supports network
environments based on Windows 2000, Windows NT, Novell and UNIX platforms and
supports numerous other application environments.

   Metro's clients operate in a wide variety of industries including
communications, distribution, retail, financial services, government,
healthcare, information technology, manufacturing, transportation, leisure and
utilities. Metro emphasizes long-term relationships with its clients rather
than one-time projects or assignments. During the twelve months ended June 30,
2001, Metro performed IT services for 651 clients (excluding clients that
generated less than $25,000 in revenue during that period).

   Metro provides IT services primarily through supplemental IT services
arrangements and, to a lesser extent, through project outsourcing arrangements.
Substantially all services are billed on a time and materials basis. During the
six months ended June 30, 2001, Metro estimated that supplemental IT services
accounted for more than 85% and project outsourcing accounted for less than 15%
of Metro's revenue. Metro intends to work toward increasing the percentage of
project outsourcing it performs.

   Revenue growth is derived primarily from increases in the number of
consultants placed with existing and new clients both through internal growth
and through acquisitions. The number of full-time consultants increased from
2,088 at December 31, 1998 to 2,770 at December 31, 1999 and then decreased to
2,446 at December 31, 2000. Over the same period, Metro increased the average
billing rates charged to its clients for consultants. Between June 30, 2000 and
June 30, 2001, the number of full-time consultants decreased by 20.0% from
2,470 to 1,988. Metro's management expects the impact of the slowdown in the
second quarter of 2001 will also be reflected in the third quarter. Between
June 30, 2000 and June 30, 2001, Metro increased the average billing rates
charged to its clients for consultants in an attempt to keep pace with the
increased costs of consultants. However, billing rates did not keep pace with
the increased cost of pay rates.

   Since May 1999, Metro and the rest of the IT services industry have
experienced a slowdown in demand for IT services. This slowdown has mostly
affected mainframe computer services. During 1999, clients were reluctant to
start new IT projects until the full effect of computer problems associated
with the advent of the Year 2000 was known. The industry slowdown continued
throughout 2000. As a result, the focus in 2000 was to complete a major shift
in the work force towards newer technologies. Conditions improved in the latter
half of 2000, but have not yet returned to normal. Metro's management cannot
reasonably predict when or if the growth rate previously experienced by Metro
will return. Retention of existing consultants and finding enough new
consultants for the newer technologies, with the right skills, is Metro's
greatest challenge.

   Metro's revenue grew 40.2% in 1998 to $213.9 million, 47.1% in 1999 to
$314.6 million and decreased 0.3% in 2000 to $313.6 million. In 1998, 1999 and
2000 and the twelve months ended June 30, 2001, Metro's

ten largest clients accounted for approximately 31.3%, 21.7%, 23.2% and 23.9%,
respectively, of Metro's revenue and its largest client accounted for
approximately 4.4%, 3.6%, 5.2% and 5.9%, respectively, of revenue.

   Revenue growth during 1998 was achieved almost entirely through internal
growth, although revenue growth includes revenue from one acquisition in
December 1998. Revenue growth in 1999 was attributable to acquisitions
completed by Metro between December 1998 and August 1999. Without these
acquisitions, 1999 revenue would have increased approximately 5.6%. Between
January 1, 1998 and January 31, 2000, Metro opened 12 new offices and acquired
12 additional offices. In May 2000, Metro closed eight smaller offices,
including seven offices opened between January 1998 and January 2000. Metro
closed these offices to focus on growing those offices that have the critical
mass, structure and capability to deliver the broad range of Metro's services
and solutions to clients in their respective markets and reduce costs. In
conjunction with cost-reduction initiatives approved on May 4, 2001 and June
18, 2001, Metro recorded a restructuring charge of $904,000 for the six months
ended June 30, 2001. These costs consisted of employee severance pay and
benefits, lease termination costs, and excess fixed assets. The charge
represents Metro management's estimate of the ultimate obligations associated
with executing the plans at the time the estimates were made. Metro expects to
complete all steps in the restructuring plans by May 4, 2002 and June 18, 2002,
respectively. Revenue fell 0.3% in 2000 as Metro transitioned its workforce
towards newer technologies. Revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2001 fell
5.9% compared to the six months ended June 30, 2000 as Metro's consultant count
declined and a slowdown in demand for information technology services occurred.

   On July 1, 1997, Metro completed the acquisition of two information
technology services companies. Metro acquired the business operations of Data
Systems Technology, Inc., which had offices in Columbia and Greenville, South
Carolina, for $498,000, of which $134,000 was paid on July 1, 1997 (including
the repayment of net assumed liabilities) and $364,000 was paid on August 31,
1998 as a result of the acquired business attaining certain operating income
targets. Metro also acquired the business operations of Kansas City-based J2,
Inc., d.b.a. DP Career Associates, for approximately $5.2 million, of which
approximately $3.9 million was paid July 1, 1997 and approximately $1.3 million
was paid on February 27, 1998 as a result of the acquired business attaining
certain gross profit targets.

   On December 2, 1998, Metro completed the acquisition of The Avery Group, an
information technology services company with one office in the Palo
Alto/Silicon Valley area of California. The purchase price was approximately
$11.8 million, of which approximately $11.0 million was paid at closing,
$754,000 was paid in February 1999 based on a net worth adjustment calculation
performed in February 1999 and approximately $95,000 represents direct costs
related to the acquisition.

   On January 1, 1999, Metro acquired D.P. Specialists, Inc. and D.P.
Specialists Learning Center, LLC, information technology consulting services
and personnel staffing businesses located in El Segundo, California and
Woodbridge, New Jersey, for a purchase price of approximately $17.9 million,
including direct costs of the acquisition of approximately $90,000. During
2000, Metro paid approximately $7.8 million based on the acquired business
attaining certain operating income targets for the twelve months ended December
31, 1999.

   On February 1, 1999, Metro acquired The Professionals--Computer Management &
Consulting, Inc. and Krystal Solutions, Inc., both of which are information
technology consulting services and personnel staffing businesses located in
Irvine, California and San Bruno, California, for a purchase price of
approximately $20.6 million, of which approximately $18.0 million was paid at
closing, $352,000 was paid in April 1999 based on a net worth adjustment
calculation performed in April 1999 and approximately $183,000 represents
direct costs related to the acquisition. During 2000, Metro paid approximately
$2.1 million based on the acquired business attaining certain operating income
targets for the twelve months ended January 31, 2000.

   On March 1, 1999, Metro acquired Solution Technologies, Inc., an information
technology consulting services and personnel staffing business located in Camp
Hill (Harrisburg), Altoona and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Charlotte, North
Carolina, Hagerstown, Maryland and Kansas City, Missouri, for a purchase price
of approximately $28.4 million, of which approximately $24.0 million was paid
at closing, approximately

$3.7 million was paid in March 1999 based on a consultant count adjustment on
March 8, 1999, $591,000 was paid in April 1999 based on a net worth adjustment
calculation performed in April 1999 and approximately $107,000 represents
direct costs of the acquisition.

   On August 13, 1999, Metro acquired all of the membership and equity
interests of Acuity Technology Services, LLC and Acuity Technology Services of
Dallas, LLC, both of which are information technology consulting services and
personnel staffing businesses located in Washington, D.C., Baltimore, Maryland
and Dallas, Texas, for a purchase price of approximately $52.4 million, of
which approximately $39.4 million was paid at closing, $666,000 was paid in
November 1999 and approximately $158,000 represents direct costs related to the
acquisition. During 2000, Metro paid approximately $12.2 million based on the
acquired business attaining certain operating income targets for the twelve
months ended August 31, 2000.

   Metro's past financial performance should not be relied on as an indication
of future performance. Period-to-period comparisons of Metro's financial
results are not necessarily meaningful indicators of future performance. In
particular, you should be aware of the rapid change in demand for technology
from 1999 to the present. Demand for mainframe services has shifted to web
services. In addition, the demand for solutions versus staffing services
appears to be less strong as core clients become familiar with web technologies
and begin to seek more staffing services.

Results of Operations

   For purposes of the following discussion, as of December 31, 1998, a mature
office is one that was owned by Metro for at least 12 months at the beginning
of the earlier period being compared and a new office is one that was opened or
acquired thereafter. As of December 31, 1999, December 31, 2000, June 30, 2000
and June 30, 2001, a mature office is an office that was owned by Metro for at
least 24 months and a new office is an office opened or acquired within the
last 24 months.

   The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the percentage of
revenue and the percentage change from the prior period of certain items
reflected in Metro's consolidated statements of income:

                                                Percentage of Revenue
                                            ---------------------------------
                                                                 Six Months
                                               Year Ended           Ended
                                              December 31,        June 30,
                                            -------------------  ------------
                                            1998   1999   2000   2000   2001
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----

Revenue.................................... 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
Cost of revenue............................  69.3   70.8   70.7   71.3   72.3
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
Gross profit...............................  30.7   29.2   29.3   28.7   27.7
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
Selling, general and administrative
 expenses..................................  18.9   18.5   21.5   21.4   22.8
Depreciation expense.......................   0.8    0.8    1.0    1.0    1.2
Amortization expense.......................   0.1    0.9    1.5    1.5    1.7
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
Total operating expenses...................  19.8   20.2   24.0   23.9   25.7
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
Restructuring charge.......................   --     --     0.1    0.5    0.6
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
Operating income...........................  10.9    9.0    5.2    4.3    1.4
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
Net interest income (expense)..............   0.4   (0.9)  (2.2)  (1.8)  (1.8)
Other income...............................   --     --     --     --     0.7
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
Income before income taxes.................  11.3    8.1    3.0    2.5    0.3
Income taxes...............................   4.5    3.3    1.4    1.0    0.3
                                            -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
Net income.................................   6.8%   4.8%   1.6%   1.5%   0.0%
                                            =====  =====  =====  =====  =====

                                                   Percentage Change
                         ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Year Ended December 31,           Six Months Ended June 30,
                         ------------------------------------------- -------------------------
                         1999 Compared to 1998 2000 Compared to 1999   2001 Compared to 2000
                         --------------------- --------------------- -------------------------

Revenue.................           47.1%                (0.3)%                  (5.9)%
Cost of revenue.........           50.1                 (0.5)                   (4.7)
Gross profit............           40.3                  0.1                    (9.0)
Selling, general and
 administrative
 expenses...............           44.1                 15.9                     0.2
Depreciation expense....           59.2                 25.1                     7.3
Amortization expense....        1,292.4                 61.9                     9.6
Total operating
 expenses...............           51.0                 19.1                     1.1
Restructuring charge....            --                 100.0                    21.1
Operating income........           20.8                (42.8)                  (69.8)
Net interest (expense)
 income.................         (468.3)               133.7                    (6.0)
Other income............            --                   --                    100.0
Income before income
 taxes..................            5.0                (62.8)                  (89.6)
Income taxes............            7.2                (57.9)                  (74.4)
Net income..............            3.6                (66.1)                 (100.0)

 Comparison of Six Months Ended June 30, 2001 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2000

   Revenue. Revenue decreased $9.4 million, or 5.9%, to $148.6 million for the
six months ended June 30, 2001 from $158.0 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2000. The decline in revenue was a result of a declining consultant
count and a slowdown in demand for information technology services.

   Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue decreased $5.3 million, or 4.7%, to $107.4
million for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $112.7 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2000. As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue
increased to 72.3% for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from 71.3% for the
six months ended June 30, 2000. This increase as a percentage of revenue was
primarily due to increases in health and benefit costs of salaried consultants.

   Gross profit. Gross profit decreased $4.1 million, or 9.0%, to $41.2 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $45.3 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2000. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit decreased to
27.7% for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from 28.7% for the six months
ended June 30, 2000. The decline in revenue combined with the increased cost of
revenue lowered gross profit for the six months ended June 30, 2001.

   Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and
administrative expenses remained at $33.9 million for the six months ended June
30, 2001 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2000. As a percentage of
revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 22.8% for
the six months ended June 30, 2001 from 21.4% for the six months ended June 30,
2000. Metro implemented cost-reduction initiatives during the second quarter
ended June 30, 2001 to bring selling, general and administrative expenses
closer to historical levels. With the number of consultants decreasing, cost-
reduction strategies were necessary. One-time costs for these strategies
totaled $930,000 before taxes. Of these costs, Metro reported a restructuring
charge of $904,000 as a separate line item and included $26,000 in selling,
general and administrative expenses. The $26,000 represents a write-down of the
value of retired or abandoned assets to net realizable value in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board Opinion No. 121.

   Depreciation expense. Depreciation expense increased $119,000, or 7.3%, to
$1.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $1.6 million for the
six months ended June 30, 2000. This increase was primarily attributable to
depreciation on additions to computer equipment and software. As a percentage
of revenue, depreciation expense increased to 1.2% for the six months ended
June 30, 2001 from 1.0% for the six months ended June 30, 2000.

   Amortization expense. Amortization expense increased $224,000, or 9.6%, to
$2.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $2.3 million for the
six months ended June 30, 2000. This increase was attributable to amortization
of goodwill and other intangible assets related to Metro's acquisitions
completed during 1999. As a percentage of revenue, amortization expense
increased to 1.7% for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from 1.5% for the six
months ended June 30, 2000.

   Restructuring charge. For the six months ended June 30, 2001, Metro recorded
a restructuring charge of $904,000 related to the cost-reduction initiatives
approved May 4, 2001 and June 18, 2001. These costs consist of employee
severance pay and benefits, lease terminations costs and excess fixed assets.
The charge represents Metro's management's estimate of the ultimate obligations
associated with executing the plans at the time the estimates were made. Metro
expects to complete all steps in the restructuring plans by May 4, 2002 and
June 18, 2002, respectively. The June 18, 2001 plan included the sale of one of
Metro's offices resulting in a $1.0 million gain before taxes during the six
months ended June 30, 2001.

   Operating income. Operating income decreased $4.7 million, or 69.8%, to $2.0
million for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $6.7 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2000. As a percentage of revenue, operating income
decreased to 1.4% for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from 4.3% for the six
months ended June 30, 2000. The decline in operating income margin was
primarily the result of lower gross margins.

   Interest income. Interest income decreased by $53,000, or 65.8%, to $28,000
for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $81,000 for the six months ended
June 30, 2000.

   Interest expense. Interest expense decreased by $217,000, or 7.6%, to $2.6
million for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $2.8 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2000. This change reflects a decrease in the average
level of borrowings during the period and decreases in interest rates.

   Other income. Other income increased $1.0 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2001 from $0 for the six months ended June 30, 2000. As a percentage
of revenue, other income was 0.7% for the six months ended June 30, 2001. The
sale of one of Metro's offices resulted in a $1.0 million gain before taxes
during the six months ended June 30, 2001. The sale of the office was part of
the cost-reduction initiatives approved May 4, 2001 and June 18, 2001.

   Income before income taxes. Income before income taxes decreased $3.5
million, or 89.6%, to $407,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $3.9
million for the six months ended June 30, 2000. As a percentage of revenue,
income before income taxes decreased to 0.3% for the six months ended June 30,
2001 from 2.5% for the six months ended June 30, 2000.

   Income taxes. Metro's effective tax rate was 46% for the six months ended
June 30, 2001 and 41% for the six months ended June 30, 2000. The rate increase
was the result of higher than expected nondeductible expenses, which increased
Metro's taxable income above previous estimates, and nonfederal income taxes.
Current tax expense is calculated using book income plus permanent differences
times the effective tax rate. Income taxes decreased $1.2 million, or 74.4%, to
$407,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $1.6 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2000. As a percentage of revenue, income taxes decreased
to 0.3% for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from 1.0% for the six months
ended June 30, 2000. These decreases were a result of the earnings decline
Metro has experienced over the last 12 months.

   Net Income. Net income decreased $2.3 million, or 100%, to $616 for the six
months ended June 30, 2001 from $2.3 million for the six months ended June 30,
2000. As a percentage of revenue, net income decreased to 0.0% for the six
months ended June 30, 2001 from 1.5% for the six months ended June 30, 2000.

   Net income per share. Diluted net income per share decreased $0.15, or 100%,
to $0.0 for the six months ended June 30, 2001 from $0.15 for the six months
ended June 30, 2000.

 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2000 to Year Ended December 31, 1999

   Revenue. Revenue decreased $1.1 million, or 0.3%, to $313.6 million for 2000
from $314.6 million for 1999. Excluding the Acuity Technology acquisition,
revenue decreased $34.4 million, or 10.9%. The decline in revenue was primarily
a result of a declining consultant count, which started in 1999 and continued
throughout 2000. This decline was brought on by decreased client demand, the
transition from mainframe to e-business skilled consultants, slower revenue
growth in existing offices, lower bill rate increases and more non-billable
consultant time. As of December 31, 2000 compared to December 31, 1999, the
total number of full-time consultants decreased to 2,446 from 2,770, and
clients (excluding clients that generated less than $25,000 in revenue during
each year) decreased to 730 from 788.

   Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue decreased $1.1 million, or 0.5%, to $221.6
million for 2000 from $222.7 million for 1999. Cost of revenue decreased
slightly due to pay rate increases staying below bill rate increases. As a
percentage of revenue, cost of revenue decreased to 70.7% for 2000 from 70.8%
for 1999.

   Gross profit. Gross profit was $92.0 million for 2000 compared to $92.0
million for 1999. As a percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 29.3%
for 2000 from 29.2% for 1999.

   Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and
administrative expenses increased $9.2 million, or 15.9%, to $67.4 million for
2000 from $58.1 million for 1999. This increase was primarily due to the cost
of Metro's sales, marketing and e-business initiatives, the one-time costs
related to the offices closed May 31, 2000 and the costs related to a Tennessee
sales and use tax audit. These one-time costs include a write-down of $343,000
for the value of retired or abandoned assets to net realizable value in
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Opinion No. 121. In
addition, a bad debt reserve for uncollectible Tennessee tax of $586,000 and a
penalty of $198,000 are included in selling, general and administrative
expenses. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative
expenses increased to 21.5% for 2000 from 18.5% for 1999. The nonrecurring
costs included in selling, general and administrative expenses for 2000 totaled
approximately $1.1 million, before income taxes. Excluding these items, as a
percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased
to 21.1% for 2000 from 18.5% for 1999.

   Depreciation expense. Depreciation expense increased $654,000, or 25.1%, to
$3.3 million for 2000 from $2.6 million for 1999. This increase was primarily
attributable to depreciation on additions to computer equipment and software
and an entire year of depreciation on the assets of companies acquired during
1999. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation expense increased to 1.0% in
2000 from 0.8% in 1999.

   Amortization expense. Amortization expense increased $1.8 million, or 61.9%,
to $4.8 million for 2000 from $3.0 million for 1999. This increase was
attributable to amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets related to
Metro's acquisitions. As a percentage of revenue, amortization expense
increased to 1.5% for 2000 from 0.9% for 1999.

   Operating income. Operating income decreased $12.1 million, or 42.8%, to
$16.2 million for 2000 from $28.2 million for 1999. As a percentage of revenue,
operating income decreased to 5.2% for 2000 from 9.0% for 1999. The decline in
operating income margin was primarily the result of higher selling, general and
administrative expenses and higher depreciation and amortization expenses.

   Interest income. Interest income decreased by $49,000 to $94,000 for 2000
from $143,000 for 1999. This change reflects a decrease in cash and cash
equivalents due to Metro's cash being used for acquisitions.

   Interest expense. Interest expense increased by $3.8 million to $6.8 million
for 2000 from $3.0 million for 1999. Of this amount, $895,000 relates to a
Tennessee Department of Revenue audit of the Nashville and Memphis offices
completed September 29, 2000. The State of Tennessee found that consulting
services provided to clients connected with the installation, alteration,
development or programming of computer software are subject to Tennessee sales
or use tax. The remaining amount reflects an increase in the average

level of borrowings during the period related to the use of cash to make the
Acuity Technology and other 1999 acquisitions.

   Income before income taxes. Income before income taxes decreased $15.9
million, or 62.8%, to $9.4 million for 2000 from $25.3 million for 1999. As a
percentage of revenue, income before income taxes decreased to 3.0% for 2000
from 8.1% for 1999.

   Income taxes. Metro's effective tax rate for 2000 and 1999 was 45.6% and
40.3%, respectively. The rate increase was primarily the result of higher than
expected non-deductible expenses, which increased Metro's taxable income above
previous estimates, and non-federal income taxes. The increase was also the
result of higher income tax rates in the states where Metro's acquisitions
operate. As a percentage of revenue, income taxes decreased to 1.4% for 2000
from 3.3% for 1999. Income taxes decreased $5.9 million, or 57.9%, to $4.3
million for 2000 from $10.2 million for 1999. These decreases were a result of
the earnings decline Metro experienced during 2000.

   Net income. Net income decreased $10.0 million, or 66.1%, to $5.1 million
for 2000 from $15.1 million for 1999. As a percentage of revenue, net income
decreased to 1.6% for 2000 from 4.8% for 1999.

   Net income per share. Diluted net income per share decreased $0.67, or
66.3%, to $0.34 for 2000 from $1.01 for 1999.

 Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 1999 to Year Ended December 31, 1998

   Revenue. Revenue increased $100.7 million, or 47.1%, to $314.6 million for
1999 from $213.9 million for 1998. Of this increase, $89.9 million was due to
revenue from companies acquired since December 1, 1998. This increase was also
a result of increased billings to existing clients, the addition of new clients
and increased billing rates charged for Metro's consultants. As of December 31,
1999 compared to December 31, 1998, the total number of full-time consultants
increased to 2,770 from 2,088, and clients (excluding clients that generated
less than $25,000 in revenue during each year) increased to 788 from 476.
Revenue from Metro's 30 mature offices increased $8.6 million, or 4.0%, from
the earlier period and the 15 new offices (including ten acquired offices)
accounted for the remaining $92.1 million increase in revenue.

   Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue increased $74.4 million, or 50.1%, to
$222.7 million for 1999 from $148.3 million for 1998. Cost of revenue increased
primarily due to compensation and benefits associated with growth in the number
of consultants, including consultants added through acquisitions. As a
percentage of revenue, cost of revenue increased to 70.8% for 1999 from 69.3%
for 1998 primarily because the percentage of employees who are hourly was
higher in 1999 than in 1998. Hourly employees have a higher pay rate in
relation to their billing rate but do not receive the same benefits as salaried
employees. To a lesser extent, cost of revenue rose due to lower utilization of
salaried consultants. Salaried consultants are paid even if they are not
billing. Pay rates also rose faster than bill rates during 1999, increasing
cost of revenue.

   Gross profit. Gross profit increased $26.4 million, or 40.3%, to $92.0
million for 1999 from $65.6 million for 1998. As a percentage of revenue, gross
profit decreased to 29.2% for 1999 from 30.7% for 1998.

   Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and
administrative expenses increased $17.7 million, or 44.1%, to $58.1 million for
1999 from $40.4 million for 1998. This increase was due primarily to costs
associated with recently opened offices, growth of administrative staff in
mature offices, hiring additional corporate staff to support the increased
number of offices and development of Metro's computerized business systems and
hiring additional sales and marketing staff to support Metro's efforts to
provide more e-business services. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general
and administrative expenses decreased to 18.5% for 1999 from 18.9% for 1998.
This decrease was in part the result of Metro's centralization of
administrative functions and leverage obtained from Metro's proprietary
business systems.

   Depreciation expense. Depreciation expense increased $1.0 million, or 59.2%,
to $2.6 million for 1999 from $1.6 million for 1998. This increase was
primarily attributable to depreciation on additions to computer equipment and
software. As a percentage of revenue, depreciation expense remained unchanged
at 0.8%.

   Amortization expense. Amortization expense increased $2.8 million, or
1,292.4%, to $3.0 million for 1999 from $0.2 million for 1998. This increase
was attributable to amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets
related to Metro's acquisitions. As a percentage of revenue, amortization
expense increased to 0.9% for 1999 from 0.1% for 1998.

   Operating income. Operating income increased $4.8 million, or 20.8%, to
$28.2 million for 1999 from $23.4 million for 1998. As a percentage of revenue,
operating income decreased to 9.0% for 1999 from 10.9% for 1998. The decline in
operating income margin was the result of lower gross margins, increased
selling, general and administrative expenses and higher amortization expenses
not being fully offset by increased revenues.

   Interest income. Interest income decreased by $695,000 to $143,000 for 1999
from $838,000 for 1998. This change reflects a decrease in cash and cash
equivalents due to Metro's cash being used for acquisitions.

   Interest expense. Interest expense increased by $2,961,000 to $3,018,000 for
1999 from $57,000 for 1998. This change reflects an increase in the average
level of borrowings during the period related to the use of cash to make
several acquisitions. Metro increased its debt level from $0 at December 31,
1998 to $82,467,000 at December 31, 1999.

   Income before income taxes. Income before income taxes increased $1.2
million, or 5.0%, to $25.3 million for 1999 from $24.1 million for 1998. As a
percentage of revenue, income before income taxes decreased to 8.1% for 1999
from 11.3% for 1998.

   Income taxes. Metro's effective tax rate for 1999 and 1998 is 40.3% and
39.5%, respectively. The increase was the result of higher income tax rates in
the states where Metro's acquisitions operate. Income taxes increased $0.7
million, or 7.2%, to $10.2 million for 1999 from $9.5 million for 1998. As a
percentage of revenue, income taxes decreased to 3.3% for 1999 from 4.5% for
1998.

   Net income. Net income increased $0.5 million, or 3.6%, to $15.1 million for
1999 from $14.6 million for 1998. As a percentage of revenue, net income
decreased to 4.8% for 1999 from 6.8% for 1998.

   Net income per share. Diluted net income per share increased $0.04, or 4.1%,
to $1.01 for 1999 from $0.97 for 1998.

Selected Quarterly Results of Operations

   The following table sets forth quarterly operating information for each of
the ten quarters ending with the quarter ended June 30, 2001, both in dollars
and as a percentage of revenue. This information was derived from the unaudited
consolidated financial statements of Metro which, in the opinion of management,
were prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial statements
contained elsewhere in this proxy statement/ prospectus and include all
adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which management
considers necessary for the fair presentation of the information for the
periods presented. The financial data shown below should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere
in this proxy statement/prospectus. Results for any fiscal quarter are not
necessarily indicative of results for the full year or for any future quarter.

                                                    Operating
                                    Gross Profit      Income
                                   -------------- --------------  Diluted Net
Quarterly Results of          $      $     % of     $     % of   Income (Loss)
Operations Data            Revenue Amount Revenue Amount Revenue   Per Share
--------------------       ------- ------ ------- ------ ------- -------------
                             (Dollars in thousands, except per
                                      share amounts)

1999:
  Quarter ended March 31.. 72,473  20,970  28.9   6,909    9.5      $ 0.27
  Quarter ended June 30... 78,309  23,023  29.4   8,393   10.7        0.31
  Quarter ended September
   30..................... 81,253  24,020  29.6   7,066    8.7        0.25
  Quarter ended December
   31..................... 82,611  23,951  29.0   5,874    7.1        0.19
2000:
  Quarter ended March 31.. 80,197  22,411  28.0   3,302    4.1        0.08
  Quarter ended June 30... 77,812  22,864  29.4   3,370    4.3        0.08
  Quarter ended September
   30..................... 77,880  23,614  30.3   4,685    6.0        0.08
  Quarter ended December
   31..................... 77,702  23,135  29.8   4,799    6.2        0.11
2001:
  Quarter ended March 31.. 78,767  22,212  28.2   1,278    1.6       (0.01)
  Quarter ended June 30... 69,849  18,973  27.2     737    1.1        0.01

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Metro funds its operations primarily from cash generated by operations. Net
cash provided by operations was $8,754,195 for the six months ended June 30,
2001 and consisted primarily of non-cash items of $5,194,817 and a decrease in
accounts receivable of $4,542,799, offset by a decrease in accrued compensation
and benefits of $1,701,261. Metro's allowance for doubtful accounts has
steadily increased due to the change in general economic conditions, specific
losses in some clients and a general slowdown in payments that resulted in
additional write-offs and bad debts. Metro's allowance for doubtful accounts
was $533,730 at December 31, 1999 compared to $2,469,305 at December 31, 2000.
Metro had working capital of $38,726,735 at June 30, 2001 compared to
$42,647,009 at December 31, 2000.

   Net cash used in investing activities was $1,439,138 for the six months
ended June 30, 2001. Metro spent $1,439,138 on normal acquisitions of property
and equipment used in operations.

   Metro maintains credit facilities of $125,000,000. The facilities are
provided in equal amounts of $35,000,000 by three banks and $20,000,000 by a
fourth bank. The outstanding balance on these facilities as of June 30, 2001
was $75,129,646, a reduction of $8,313,375 from the balance at December 31,
2000. The facilities mature in June 2005 and may be extended each year for an
additional year. Until June 2005, interest, but not principal, is payable
monthly. The interest rates on Metro's facilities change from time to time. Two
of the facilities allow Metro to select among prime rate and London Interbank
Offered Rate (LIBOR) based interest rates while the other two have only LIBOR
based interest rates. All of the facilities have interest rates that increase
as the balance outstanding under the facilities increases. Metro has selected
30-day LIBOR based rates for the second quarter of 2001, and the rates on these
borrowings ranged from 4.9% to 6.5% on June 30, 2001. The facilities also
contain fees, ranging from 0.125% to 0.380% annually, which are charged on the
unused portion of the facilities. The facilities are collateralized by Metro's
accounts receivable.

   Effective April 2, 2001, Metro entered into a series of interest rate swaps
with a notional amount of $50,000,000. The purpose of these swaps was to hedge
Metro's exposure to variability in future cash flows by converting the variable
interest rate on a portion of its outstanding credit facilities to a fixed
interest rate. Accounting for these interest rate swaps did not have a material
impact on Metro's financial statements.

   The credit facilities contain several covenants, including one requiring the
maintenance of a certain tangible net worth ratio, which limits the amount of
dividends that can be paid. The covenants also impose limits on incurring other
debt, limit the amount borrowed to a multiple of adjusted earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and require a certain debt
service coverage ratio to be maintained. Amounts advanced under the facilities
can be used for acquisitions and general working capital purposes. Quarterly
testing dates are required for these covenants. These covenants may prevent
Metro from borrowing the full amount of the credit facilities or trigger a
default under the credit facilities.

   The maximum funded debt to EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes,
Depreciation and Amortization) ratio under Metro's credit facilities is 4.0 to
1.0 through September 30, 2001. At June 30, 2001, Metro's funded debt to EBITDA
ratio stood at 3.5 to 1.0. As earnings fall, this ratio increases. On December
31, 2001, Metro's credit facilities require Metro to reduce its funded debt to
EBITDA ratio to 3.0 to 1.0 or less. Metro plans to reduce its debt level,
reduce expenses and negotiate a more favorable ratio by December 31, 2001 to
avoid default under its credit facilities at December 31, 2001. A default could
have a material adverse effect on Metro's business. As of June 30, 2001,
approximately $10.9 million was available for additional borrowing without
default.

   Prior to entering into the merger agreement with Keane, Metro was
negotiating with its lenders regarding the financial covenants under its credit
facilities. Since entering into the merger agreement with Keane, Metro has
suspended these negotiations. If the merger with Keane is not consummated,
Metro expects to breach its current loan covenants on December 31, 2001. In
that event, the interest rate under these facilities would increase to two
points above the prime rate, and all amounts then outstanding would be
immediately due and payable. Metro would not be able to pay this amount in full
without obtaining substitute financing. There can be no assurance that Metro
would be able to resume and complete negotiations with its current lenders by
December 31, 2001 if the merger with Keane were not to occur or that it would
be able to obtain substitute financing.

   Metro sold 115,048 shares of its common stock under its employee stock
purchase plan for an aggregate purchase price of $486,788 during the six months
ended June 30, 2001 and 83,760 shares for $841,442 during the six months ended
June 30, 2000.

   During 2000, a number of Metro employees exercised stock options which
vested on December 31, 1997, December 31, 1998 and March 18, 2000, under
Metro's 1997 employee stock option plan. During the six months ended June 30,
2001, Metro did not issue any shares of its common stock upon option exercises.
Accordingly, Metro received no proceeds from the issuance of common stock for
option exercises for the six months ended June 30, 2001.

Seasonality

   Metro's operating results are adversely affected when client facilities
close due to holidays or inclement weather. Metro generally experiences a
degree of seasonality in the fourth quarter due to the number of holidays and
closings of client facilities during that quarter. Further, Metro generally
experiences lower operating results in the first quarter due in part to the
timing of unemployment and social security tax thresholds and delays in
clients' contract renewals related to clients' budget approval processes. A
higher percentage of employee wages are subject to unemployment and social
security tax withholding in the first quarter. In later quarters, more
employees reach the annual taxable wage limits for unemployment and social
security tax withholding.

Inflation

   Due to the high demand for IT services and a shortage of qualified IT
consultants, wage inflation in the IT services industry surpassed normal wage
inflation during 2000 and the twelve months ended June 30, 2001. If this trend
continues, it could have a material adverse effect on Metro's business,
financial condition and results of operations if Metro is unable to pass
increased payroll costs on to its clients. Metro attempts to obtain billing
rate increases from clients to offset these increases whenever possible.
Average pay rates for the twelve months ended June 30, 2001 increased 7.0% over
average pay rates for the twelve months ended June 30, 2000, and average pay
rates for 2000 increased 9.6% over average pay rates for 1999 as Metro
transitioned its workforce to newer technologies with higher billing rates and
pay rates. Average pay rates for 1999 increased 7.6% over average pay rates for
1998.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

   Metro is exposed to market risk due to variable interest rates on Metro's
credit facilities. Actions taken during 1999 and 2000 by the Federal Reserve to
increase interest rates increased Metro's interest rate costs. In 2001, the
Federal Reserve has decreased interest rates. Metro has entered into interest
rate hedges on $50,000,000 of the credit facilities, effective April 2, 2001,
to reduce the variability of Metro's cash flows due to fluctuations in interest
rates. At the measurement date, a mark-to-market adjustment was not necessary
and the hedge instruments were considered fully effective.

   Metro experienced slower demand for its services during the second quarter
of 2001. During economic slowdowns, the risk of bad debts increases. Additional
amounts have been reserved in the allowance for doubtful accounts for
uncollectible accounts during the first half of 2001. Current economic
conditions could result in additional accounts becoming doubtful that are
current and considered collectible as of June 30, 2001. Accounts receivable
will be monitored closely during 2001 to determine if additional increases to
the allowance for doubtful accounts are necessary.

   Metro's exposure to market risk from other types of financial instruments,
such as accounts payable, is not material.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In July 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, "Business Combinations,"
and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets." Statement 141 requires that the purchase method of
accounting be used for all business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001
as well as all purchase method business combinations completed after June 30,
2001. Statement 141 also specifies criteria intangible assets acquired in a
purchase method business combination must meet to be recognized and reported
apart from goodwill, noting that any purchase price allocable to an assembled
workforce may not be accounted for separately. Statement 142 will require that
goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be
amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually in accordance
with the provisions of Statement 142. Statement 142 will also require that
intangible assets with definite useful lives be amortized over their respective
estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, and reviewed for
impairment in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived
Assets to Be Disposed Of."

   Metro is required to adopt the provisions of Statement 141 immediately,
except with regard to any pooling-of-interest business combinations initiated
prior to July 1, 2001, and Statement 142 effective January 1, 2002.
Furthermore, any goodwill and any intangible asset determined to have an
indefinite useful life that are acquired in a purchase business combination
completed after June 30, 2001 will not be amortized, but will continue to be
evaluated for impairment in accordance with the appropriate pre-Statement 142
accounting literature. Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in business
combinations completed before July 1, 2001 will continue to be amortized prior
to the adoption of Statement 142.

   Statement 141 will require upon adoption of Statement 142, that Metro
evaluate its existing intangible assets and goodwill that were acquired in
prior purchase business combinations, and to make any necessary
reclassifications in order to conform with the new criteria in Statement 141
for recognition apart from goodwill. Upon adoption of Statement 142, Metro will
be required to reassess the useful lives and residual values of all intangible
assets acquired in purchase business combinations, and make any necessary
amortization period adjustments by the end of the first interim period after
adoption. In addition, to the extent an intangible asset is identified as
having an indefinite useful life, Metro will be required to test the intangible
asset for impairment in accordance with the provisions of Statement 142 within
the first interim period. Any impairment loss will be measured as of the date
of adoption and recognized as the cumulative effect of a change in accounting
principle in the first interim period.

   In connection with the transitional goodwill impairment evaluation,
Statement 142 will require Metro to perform an assessment of whether there is
an indication that goodwill is impaired as of the date of adoption. To
accomplish this, Metro must identify its reporting units and determine the
carrying value of each reporting unit by assigning the assets and liabilities,
including the existing goodwill and intangible assets, to those reporting units
as of the date of adoption. Metro will then have up to six months from the date
of adoption to determine the fair value of each reporting unit and compare it
to the reporting unit's carrying amount. To the extent a reporting unit's
carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an indication exists that the reporting
unit's goodwill may be impaired and Metro must perform the second step of the
transitional impairment test. In the second step, Metro must compare the
implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill, determined by allocating
the reporting unit's fair value to all of its assets (recognized and
unrecognized) and liabilities in a manner similar to a purchase price
allocation in accordance with Statement 141, to its carrying amount, both of
which would be measured as of the date of adoption. This second step is
required to be completed as soon as possible, but no later than the end of the
year of adoption. Any transitional impairment loss will be recognized as the
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle in Metro's statement of
earnings.

   In addition, any unamortized negative goodwill existing at the date
Statement 142 is adopted must be written off as the cumulative effect of a
change in accounting principle.

   As of the date of adoption, Metro expects to have unamortized goodwill in
the amount of $97.0 million and unamortized identifiable intangible assets in
the amount of $13.9 million, all of which will be subject to the transition
provisions of Statements 141 and 142. Amortization expense related to goodwill
was $3.3 million and $1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the
six months ended June 30, 2001, respectively. Because of the extensive effort
needed to comply with adopting Statements 141 and 142, it is not practicable to
reasonably estimate the impact of adopting these statements on Metro's
financial statements at the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, including
whether any transitional impairment losses will be required to be recognized as
the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle.

                         METRO'S PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS

   The following table sets forth, as of September 28, 2001, certain
information concerning the beneficial ownership of Metro common stock by:

  . each of Metro's directors,

  . Metro's chief executive officer and the other four most highly
    compensated executive officers of Metro who were serving as executive
    officers at the end of Metro's last completed fiscal year and whose total
    annual salary and bonus exceeded $100,000,

  . each person or entity known by Metro to own of record or be the
    beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of Metro's common stock,
    and

  . all directors and executive officers of Metro as a group.

   Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and is not necessarily indicative of
beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial
ownership includes any shares as to which the individual or entity has sole or
shared voting power or investment power and any shares which the individual or
entity has the right to acquire within 60 days after September 28, 2001 through
the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. However, these shares
are not deemed outstanding for purposes of calculating the percentage ownership
of any other person. The inclusion in this table of any shares does not
constitute an admission that the named shareholder is a direct or indirect
beneficial owner of the shares. Unless otherwise indicated, Metro believes that
each person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment
power with respect to all shares of capital stock listed as owned by the person
or entity. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table below, each
person or entity named below has an address of c/o Metro, Reflections II Office
Building, Third Floor, 200 Golden Oak Court, Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452.
All share amounts have been rounded to the nearest whole share.

                                        Number of Shares  Percentage of Shares
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner  Beneficially Owned  Beneficially Owned
 ------------------------------------  ------------------ --------------------

John H. Fain(1).......................     8,360,665              54.5
Andrew J. Downing(2)..................       516,029               3.3
Robert J. Eveleigh(3).................        20,886                 *
Ray E. Becker(4)......................         8,000                 *
A. Eugene Loving, Jr.(5)..............         8,100                 *
Kathleen A. Neff(6)...................       221,369               1.3
John R. Turbyfill(7)..................        10,500                 *
The Fain Family Irrevocable Trust
 1993(8)..............................     1,621,510              10.6
All directors and executive officers
 as a group (10 persons)(9)...........     9,133,572              59.6

--------
*Less than one percent (1%) of Metro's outstanding common stock.
 (1) Includes (a) 1,621,510 shares of Metro common stock owned by a trust
     established by Mr. Fain of which his wife, Joyce L. Fain, and his sister,
     Cynthia L. Akins, are the co-trustees and of which Mr. Fain disclaims
     beneficial ownership, (b) 227,974 shares of Metro common stock held by a
     trust of which Mr. Fain's son is the beneficiary and Mr. Fain is the
     trustee and of which Mr. Fain disclaims beneficial ownership and (c)
     206,930 shares of Metro common stock held by Ms. Akins as custodian for
     the benefit of Mr. Fain's daughter under the Virginia Uniform Transfers to
     Minors Act and of which Mr. Fain disclaims beneficial ownership.

 (2) Includes 60,759 shares of Metro common stock owned by a trust established
     by Mr. Downing and his wife, Cheryl O. Downing, of which his wife is the
     sole trustee. Also includes 4,000 option shares awarded in 1997, 5,000
     option shares awarded in 1998, and 6,667 option shares awarded in 1999
     which are exercisable within 60 days after September 28, 2001 under
     Metro's incentive stock option plan. The business address of The Downing
     Irrevocable Trust 1997 is 2401 Haversham Close, Virginia Beach, Virginia
     23454.

 (3) Includes 6,000 option shares awarded in 1997, 5,000 option shares awarded
     in 1998 and 6,667 option shares awarded in 1999, which are exercisable
     within 60 days after September 28, 2001 under Metro's incentive stock
     option plan.

 (4) Includes 4,000 option shares awarded in 1997, 1,000 option shares awarded
     in 1998, 1,000 option shares awarded in 1999, 1,000 option shares awarded
     in 2000 and 1,000 option shares awarded in 2001, which are exercisable
     within 60 days after September 28, 2001 under Metro's outside directors
     stock plan. Mr. Becker's business address is P.O. Box 1448, Ellsworth,
     Maine 04605.

 (5) Includes 4,000 option shares awarded in 1997, 1,000 option shares awarded
     in 1998, 1,000 option shares awarded in 1999, 1,000 option shares awarded
     in 2000 and 1,000 option shares awarded in 2001, which are exercisable
     within 60 days after September 28, 2001 under Metro's outside directors
     stock plan. Mr. Loving's business address is 900 Laskin Road, Virginia
     Beach, Virginia 23451.

 (6) Includes 4,000 option shares awarded in 1997, 5,000 option shares awarded
     in 1998 and 6,667 option shares awarded in 1999, which are exercisable
     within 60 days after September 28, 2001 under Metro's incentive stock
     option plan.

 (7) Includes 4,000 option shares awarded in 2001, which are exercisable within
     60 days after September 28, 2001 under Metro's outside directors stock
     plan. Mr. Turbyfill's business address is 1304 Taylors Point Road,
     Virginia Beach, Virginia 23454.

 (8) The business address of The Fain Family Irrevocable Trust 1993 is P.O. Box
     8888, Virginia Beach, Virginia 23450.

 (9) The number of shares shown as beneficially owned by all directors and
     executive officers as a group include 95,103 shares which are exercisable
     within 60 days after September 28, 2001, or upon completion of the merger,
     upon exercise of, and payment for, outstanding unexercised stock options.

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements
have been prepared to give effect to the merger using the purchase method of
accounting.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheet as of June 30, 2001
gives effect to the merger as if it had occurred on such date, and reflects the
allocation of the purchase price to the Metro assets acquired, and liabilities
assumed. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statements of income
combine the historical statements of income of Keane and Metro as if the merger
had occurred at January 1, 2000. It is expected that following the merger,
Keane will incur additional costs, in connection with integrating the
operations of the two companies. Integration-related costs are not included in
the accompanying unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

   Unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information is presented
for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the
financial position or results of operations that would have actually been
reported had the merger occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor
is it necessarily indicative of future financial position or results of
operations. These unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements
are based upon the respective historical financial statements of Keane and
Metro, as adjusted, and do not incorporate, nor do they assume, any benefits
from cost savings or synergies of operations of the combined company.

   The allocation of the Metro purchase price is preliminary and is based upon
information provided to date by Metro to Keane and its advisors. Such purchase
price allocation will be finalized upon consummation of the merger and
completion of appraisals to determine the fair value of tangible and
identifiable intangible assets. Based on an analysis of fair market value, the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets on
Metro's balance sheet will then be allocated to identifiable intangible assets
and the remaining balance to goodwill. Keane is currently gathering the data
necessary for determining the fair market value of identifiable intangible
assets.

   The total estimated amount of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets is
$185.7 million with an average useful life of identifiable intangible assets of
approximately five years. Because the valuation analysis has not been
completed, the actual amount of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets,
and the related average useful life, could vary from these assumptions.

                                     KEANE

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET

                              AS OF JUNE 30, 2001
                                 (In thousands)

                                 Historical Historical  Pro Forma    Pro Forma
                                   Keane      Metro    Adjustments     Keane
                                 ---------- ---------- -----------   ---------

ASSETS
Current assets
  Cash and cash equivalents.....  $ 81,827   $     92        --      $ 81,919
  Marketable securities.........    77,913        --         --        77,913
  Accounts receivable, net:
    Trade.......................   144,130     49,887        --       194,017
    Other.......................     1,371        651        --         2,022
  Prepaid expenses and deferred     18,001      4,897     (2,814)(C)   23,535
   income taxes.................                           3,451 (E)
                                  --------   --------    -------     --------
    Total current assets........   323,242     55,527        637      379,406
Property and equipment, net.....    21,124     11,502                  32,626
Other long-term assets..........   133,735    113,664     72,065 (A)  319,464
                                  --------   --------    -------     --------
    Total assets................  $478,101   $180,693    $72,702     $731,496
                                  ========   ========    =======     ========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS'
 EQUITY
Current liabilities
  Accounts payable..............  $ 11,971   $  4,036    $   --      $ 16,007
  Notes payable.................       --         --      75,130 (F)   75,130
  Other current liabilities.....    71,099     12,765     13,027 (B)   96,891
                                  --------   --------    -------     --------
    Total current liabilities...    83,070     16,801     88,157      188,028
Deferred income taxes...........     5,863      3,338     (3,338)(C)   19,516
                                                          13,653 (E)
Long-term portion of capital
 lease obligations..............     1,814        --         --         1,814
Notes payable...................       --      75,130    (75,130)(F)      --
Stockholders' equity
  Common stock..................     7,245        153        244 (D)    7,489
                                                            (153)(D)
  Class B common stock..........        28        --                       28
  Additional paid in capital....   115,520     41,481     37,817 (D)  158,713
                                                           4,754 (D)
                                                             622 (D)
                                                         (41,481)(D)
  Deferred compensation.........       --         --        (622)(D)     (622)
  Accumulated other
   comprehensive income.........    (2,596)       --                   (2,596)
  Retained earnings.............   359,126     43,790    (43,790)(D)  359,126
  Treasury stock................   (91,969)       --      91,969 (D)      --
                                  --------   --------    -------     --------
    Total stockholders' equity..   387,354     85,424     49,360      522,138
                                  --------   --------    -------     --------
Total liabilities and
 stockholders' equity...........  $478,101   $180,693    $72,702     $731,496
                                  ========   ========    =======     ========

   See notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

                                     KEANE

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2001
                    (In thousands, except per share amounts)

                                  Historical Historical  Pro Forma    Pro Forma
                                    Keane      Metro    Adjustments     Keane
                                  ---------- ---------- -----------   ---------

Total revenues...................  $405,341   $148,616        --      $553,957
Salaries, wages and other direct    282,936    107,431        --       390,367
 costs...........................
Selling, general and other           95,549     35,705        --       131,254
 administrative expenses.........
Amortization of goodwill and
 other intangible assets.........     6,938      2,562      3,440 (G)   10,378
                                                           (2,562)(H)
Restructuring charge.............       --         904        --           904
                                   --------   --------    -------     --------
Operating income.................    19,918      2,014       (878)      21,054
Interest and dividend income.....     3,343         28        --         3,371
Interest expense.................       194      2,635        --         2,829
Other (income) expense, net......    (2,400)    (1,000)       --        (3,400)
                                   --------   --------    -------     --------
Income before income taxes.......    25,467        407       (878)      24,996
Provision for income taxes.......    10,315        406       (351)      10,370
                                   --------   --------    -------     --------
Net income.......................  $ 15,152   $      1    $  (527)    $ 14,626
Net income per share (basic).....  $   0.22   $   0.00        --      $   0.19
Net income per share (diluted)...  $   0.22   $   0.00        --      $   0.19
Weighted average common shares
 outstanding (basic).............    67,947     15,249    (15,249)(I)   75,309
                                                            7,362 (J)
Weighted average common shares
 and common share equivalents
 outstanding (diluted)...........    68,825     15,259    (15,259)(I)   76,364
                                                            7,362 (J)
                                                              177 (J)

   See notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

                                     KEANE

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                    (In thousands, except per share amounts)

                                  Historical Historical  Pro Forma     Pro Forma
                                    Keane      Metro    Adjustments      Keane
                                  ---------- ---------- -----------    ----------

Total revenues..................   $871,956   $313,591   $    --       $1,185,547
Salaries, wages and other direct    621,208    221,566        --          842,774
 costs..........................
Selling, general and other          201,852     70,645        --          272,497
 administrative expenses........
Amortization of goodwill and         12,351      4,822      6,881 (G)      19,232
 other intangible assets........                           (4,822)(H)
Restructuring charge............      8,624        403        --            9,027
                                   --------   --------   --------      ----------
Operating income................     27,921     16,155     (2,059)         42,017
Interest and dividend income....      7,725         94        --            7,819
Interest expense................        588      6,812        --            7,400
Other (income) expense, net.....        872        --         --              872
                                   --------   --------   --------      ----------
Income before income taxes......     34,186      9,437     (2,059)         41,564
Provision for income taxes......     13,832      4,302       (823)         17,311
                                   --------   --------   --------      ----------
Net income......................   $ 20,354   $  5,135   $ (1,236)     $   24,253
Net income per share (basic)....   $   0.29   $   0.34        --       $     0.31
Net income per share (diluted)..   $   0.29   $   0.34        --       $     0.31
Weighted average common shares       69,646     15,101    (15,101)(I)      77,008
 outstanding (basic)............                            7,362 (J)
Weighted average common shares       69,993     15,145    (15,145)(I)      77,493
 and common share equivalents                               7,362 (J)
 outstanding (diluted)..........                              138 (J)

   See notes to unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

                                     KEANE

     NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Note 1

   On August 20, 2001, Keane signed a definitive agreement to acquire Metro in
a purchase transaction. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
statements reflect the conversion of all of the outstanding shares of Metro
common stock into approximately 7.4 million shares of Keane common stock
pursuant to the merger. This calculation is based on Metro outstanding common
stock at August 17, 2001 using the conversion ratio of 0.48 of a share of
Keane common stock for each share of outstanding Metro common stock. Options
to purchase approximately 1.3 million shares of Metro common stock with a
weighted average exercise price of $15.05 will be assumed by Keane pursuant to
the merger and converted into options to purchase approximately 602,000 shares
of Keane common stock. The exact number of shares to be issued and the number
of options assumed by Keane in connection with the merger will depend upon the
number of shares and options of Metro outstanding at the close of the merger.

   The total cost of the proposed merger is estimated to be approximately
$142,494, determined as follows:

   Fair value of Keane shares (calculated using $17.66 per share
    average fair value for the three days prior to and after
    announcement of the merger)....................................... $130,030
   Value of Metro options assumed.....................................    4,754
   Keane transaction costs, consisting primarily of financial
    advisory, legal and accounting fees...............................    5,100
   Transaction bonuses to be paid to some of Metro's executive
    officers..........................................................    2,610
                                                                       --------
                                                                       $142,494
                                                                       ========

   Keane's common stock has been valued using an average price for three days
before and after the announcement of the merger. The fair value of options
assumed was determined using the Black-Scholes method assuming an expected
life of 4.4 years, a risk-free interest rate of 5.0%, volatility of 93.0% and
no expected dividends. In accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 44, or FIN
44, "Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation--an
Interpretation of APB 25," the intrinsic value of unvested options of Metro
has been allocated to deferred stock compensation. Deferred stock compensation
will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated vesting period
of the related options. For purposes of preparing the unaudited pro forma
combined condensed financial statements, Keane estimated the intrinsic value
of the unvested options using the stock price on the date of the merger. Upon
consummation of the merger, Keane will determine the final amount of deferred
compensation based on the closing price of its common stock on the date of
consummation of the merger, and, therefore, the final amount of deferred
compensation will be different from the amounts presented in these unaudited
pro forma combined condensed financial statements.

   The allocation of the Metro purchase price is preliminary and is based upon
information provided to date by Metro to Keane and its advisors. Based upon
such preliminary valuation of tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, Keane has allocated the total cost of the merger to the
net assets of Metro as follows:

   Net tangible liabilities assumed.................................. $(43,235)
   Customer contracts (5 year useful life)...........................   30,200
   Non-compete agreements (3 year useful life).......................    1,900
   Goodwill..........................................................  153,629
                                                                      --------
                                                                      $142,494
                                                                      ========

   The amount of identifiable intangible assets and the estimated useful lives
will be finalized upon consummation of the merger and completion of an
independent appraisal and, therefore, may be different from the amount
presented in these unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements.
To the extent the amounts and estimated useful lives are different than those
presented above, the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
statements could change significantly.

Note 2

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance sheets include the
adjustments necessary to give effect to the merger as if it had occurred on
June 30, 2001 and to reflect the allocation of the acquisition cost to the fair
value of tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as
noted above, including the elimination of Metro's equity accounts. Adjustments
included in the pro forma combined condensed balance sheet are summarized as
follows (in thousands except per share amounts):

     (A) To eliminate Metro historic goodwill and intangible assets recorded
  as a result of previous acquisitions and to record the estimated value of
  identifiable intangible assets, including goodwill.

     (B) To adjust Metro current liabilities in order to conform with Keane's
  current corporate accounting policies and to record the accrual of Keane's
  and Metro's estimated transaction costs of $8,300 and transaction bonuses
  of $3,122 due to some of Metro's executive officers upon consummation of
  the merger. Estimated transaction costs include all costs directly incurred
  as a result of the transaction including, but not limited to, fees for
  financial advisors, accountants and attorneys and other related costs.

     (C) To eliminate Metro deferred income taxes.

     (D) To eliminate Metro historical shareholders' equity accounts and to
  record the issuance of 7,362,125 shares of Keane $0.10 par value common
  stock, of which 4,926,408 shares are expected to be issued from treasury
  stock, to acquire all of the outstanding common stock of Metro, including
  an adjustment of $4,754 to additional paid-in-capital to reflect the fair
  value of all stock options issued by Keane in exchange for all outstanding
  Metro stock options. This also includes an adjustment to record the
  intrinsic value of unvested options issued by Keane in exchange for the
  unvested stock options of Metro in accordance with FIN No. 44 (See Note 1).

     (E) To record deferred income taxes in connection with the estimated
  purchase price allocation.

     (F) To reclassify Metro's outstanding note payable from long-term to
  short-term liabilities in order to reflect the fact that, upon consummation
  of the merger, Metro's note payable, currently due in June 2005, will
  become due immediately.

Note 3

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed statements of income include the
adjustments necessary to give effect to the merger as if it had occurred on
January 1, 2000:

     (G) To record the amortization of identifiable intangible assets using
  an estimated average useful life of five years.

     (H) To eliminate Metro amortization expense related to goodwill and
  intangible assets recorded as a result of previous acquisitions.

     (I) To eliminate Metro weighted average common shares outstanding.

     (J) Pro forma basic income per share amounts for the year ended December
  31, 2000 and the six months ended June 30, 2001, are based upon the
  historical weighted-average number of Keane common stock outstanding
  adjusted to reflect the issuance, as of January 1, 2000, of approximately
  7,362,125 shares of Keane common stock. Pro forma diluted net income per
  share amounts for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the six months ended
  June 30, 2001, are based upon the historical weighted-average number of
  shares of Keane common stock outstanding adjusted to reflect the issuance,
  as of January 1, 2000, of approximately 7,362,125 shares of Keane common
  stock and the dilutive effect of stock options issued by Keane in exchange
  for all outstanding Metro stock options.

                        COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

   The rights of Metro shareholders are governed by Metro's charter and bylaws,
each as amended, and the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. The rights of
Keane stockholders are governed by Keane's charter and bylaws, each as amended,
and the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. As a result of the merger,
Metro shareholders will become holders of Keane common stock and their rights
will thereafter be governed by Keane's charter and bylaws and the laws of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

   The following summary outlines the material differences between the Virginia
corporation statute and the Massachusetts corporation statute, between the
Metro charter and the Keane charter and between the Metro bylaws and the Keane
bylaws. Metro shareholders are encouraged to review the full text of each of
the Metro charter, the Metro bylaws, the Keane charter, the Keane bylaws, the
Virginia corporation statute, the Massachusetts corporation statute and other
corporation-related laws of Virginia and Massachusetts insofar as they relate
to corporations organized in such states. The Keane charter and the Keane
bylaws have been filed as exhibits to the material filed by Keane with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. For information as to how these documents
may be obtained, see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 118.

                                      METRO                         KEANE
                                   (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                   ----------                  ---------------

Authorized and            Metro is authorized to issue  Keane is authorized to issue
outstanding common stock  50,000,000 shares of common   200,000,000 shares of common
                          stock, consisting of          stock and 503,797 shares of
                          49,000,000 shares of common   class B common stock. On
                          stock and 1,000,000 shares    September 28, 2001,
                          of non-voting common stock.   67,801,647 shares of common
                          On September 28, 2001, the    stock and 284,891 shares of
                          Metro record date,            class B common stock were
                          15,337,760 shares of common   outstanding.
                          stock and no shares of non-
                          voting common stock were
                          outstanding.

Description of common     The holders of Metro common   The holders of Keane common
stock                     stock are entitled to one     stock are entitled to one
                          vote for each share held of   vote for each share held of
                          record on all matters         record on all matters
                          submitted to a vote of        submitted to a vote of
                          shareholders. The voting,     stockholders, and holders of
                          dividend and liquidation      Keane class B common stock
                          rights of the holders of      are entitled to ten votes
                          common stock are subject to   for each share held of
                          and qualified by the rights   record on all matters
                          of the holders of preferred   submitted to a vote of
                          stock. All outstanding        stockholders. Except as
                          shares of common stock are    otherwise required by
                          fully paid and non-           Massachusetts law or Keane's
                          assessable and have a par     charter, the holders of
                          value of $0.01 per share.     Keane common stock and class
                          Holders of non-voting common  B common stock vote together
                          stock have no voting rights;  as a single class. Each
                          however, in all other         share of class B common
                          respects, holders of common   stock may be converted, at
                          stock and holders of non-     any time, into one share of
                          voting common stock have      common stock. All
                          identical rights.             outstanding shares of common
                                                        stock and class B common
                                                        stock are fully paid and
                                                        non-assessable and have a
                                                        par value of $0.10 per
                                                        share.

                                      METRO                         KEANE
                                   (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                   ----------                  ---------------

Authorized and            Metro is authorized to issue  Keane is authorized to issue
outstanding preferred     1,000,000 shares of           2,000,000 shares of
stock                     preferred stock. On           preferred stock in one or
                          September 28, 2001, no        more series. On September
                          shares of preferred stock     28, 2001, no shares of
                          were outstanding.             preferred stock were
                                                        outstanding.

Description of preferred  Under the Metro charter, the  Under the Keane charter, the
stock                     board of directors has the    board of directors has the
                          authority, by the             authority, without further
                          affirmative vote of a         action by the stockholders,
                          majority of directors and     to issue up to 2,000,000
                          without further action by     shares of preferred stock,
                          the shareholders, to issue    $0.01 par value per share,
                          up to 1,000,000 shares of     in one or more series, and
                          preferred stock, $0.01 par    in connection with the
                          value per share, in one or    creation of any such series,
                          more series and to fix the    by resolution or resolutions
                          designations, preferences,    providing for the issue of
                          limitations and relative      the shares thereof, to
                          rights of the preferred       determine and fix such
                          stock, including dividend     voting powers, full or
                          rights, conversion rights,    limited, or no voting
                          voting rights, terms of       powers, and such
                          redemption, conversion and    designations, preferences
                          liquidation preferences, any  and relative participating,
                          or all of which may be        optional or other special
                          greater than the rights of    rights, and qualifications,
                          the common stock. Except as   limitations or restrictions
                          to the designations,          thereof, including without
                          preferences, limitations and  limitation, dividend rights,
                          relative rights of each       conversion rights,
                          series of preferred stock,    redemption privileges and
                          all preferred stock,          liquidation preferences, as
                          regardless of series, shall   shall be stated and
                          rank in a parity as to        expressed in such
                          dividends (whether the        resolutions, all to the full
                          dividend rates or payment     extent permitted by
                          dates are different) and as   Massachusetts law. Without
                          to rights upon the            limiting the generality of
                          liquidation, dissolution or   the foregoing, the
                          winding up of the affairs of  resolutions providing for
                          Metro (whether the            issuance of any series of
                          redemption or liquidation     preferred stock may provide
                          prices are different).        that such series shall be
                                                        superior or rank equally or
                                                        be junior to the preferred
                                                        stock of any other series to
                                                        the extent permitted by law.

                                  METRO                         KEANE
                               (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                               ----------                  ---------------

Special meeting of    Under Virginia law, a         Under Massachusetts law, a
stockholders          special meeting of            special meeting of
                      shareholders may be called    stockholders may be called
                      by the chairman of the board  by the president, a majority
                      of directors, the president,  of directors, or, unless
                      the board of directors or     otherwise provided in the
                      any other person authorized   charter or bylaws, by the
                      to do so in the               clerk upon written
                      corporation's charter or      application of one or more
                      bylaws.                       stockholders entitled to
                                                    vote and who hold at least
                      The Metro bylaws authorize a  40% in interest of the
                      majority of the board of      capital stock entitled to
                      directors or the president    vote at the meeting.
                      to call a special meeting of
                      shareholders. Shareholders    Keane's bylaws provide that
                      of Metro are not authorized   a special meeting of
                      to call special meetings of   stockholders may be called
                      shareholders.                 by the president or the
                                                    board of directors. A
                                                    special meeting may also be
                                                    called by the clerk upon
                                                    written application of one
                                                    or more stockholders who are
                                                    entitled to vote at the
                                                    meeting and hold at least
                                                    50% of the capital stock
                                                    entitled to vote at the
                                                    meeting.

Action by written     The Metro bylaws and          The Keane bylaws and
consent in lieu of a  Virginia law provide that     Massachusetts law provide
stockholder meeting   shareholders may take action  that any action to be taken
                      by unanimous written consent  by stockholders may be taken
                      in lieu of voting at a        without a meeting only by
                      shareholder meeting.          unanimous written consent
                                                    and a corporation may not
                                                    provide otherwise in its
                                                    charter or bylaws.

                                      METRO                         KEANE
                                   (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                   ----------                  ---------------

Record date for           The Metro bylaws and          The Keane bylaws provide
determining stockholders  Virginia law provide that     that the directors may fix a
                          the board of directors may    Keane record date not more
                          fix a record date that shall  than 60 days prior to the
                          not be more than 70 days      date of any stockholder
                          before the date of any        meeting, the date for the
                          shareholder meeting or other  payment of any dividend or
                          action requiring a            the making of any
                          determination of              distribution to stockholders
                          shareholders. The record      or the last day on which the
                          date for a meeting, fixed by  consent or dissent of
                          the board of directors, is    stockholders may be
                          effective for any             effectively expressed for
                          adjournment of the meeting,   any purpose, as the Keane
                          unless the meeting is         record date.
                          adjourned to a date more
                          than 120 days after the date  If no Keane record date is
                          fixed for the original        fixed and the transfer books
                          meeting. If the date is more  are not closed:
                          than 120 days after the date
                          fixed for the original
                          meeting, then the board of
                          directors must fix a new
                          record date.
                                                        . the Keane record date for
                                                          determining stockholders
                                                          having the right to notice
                                                          of or to vote at a meeting
                                                          of stockholders shall be
                                                          at the close of business
                                                          on the day before the day
                                                          on which notice is given.

                                                        . the Keane record date for
                                                          determining stockholders
                                                          for any other purpose
                                                          shall be at the close of
                                                          business on the day on
                                                          which the board of
                                                          directors acts with
                                                          respect thereto.

                                    METRO                         KEANE
                                 (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                 ----------                  ---------------

Advance notice          Generally under Virginia      Keane's bylaws provide that
provisions for board    law, notice of an annual or   nominations for election to
nomination and other    special meeting of            the board of directors of
stockholder business--  shareholders must be given    Keane at an annual meeting
annual meetings         not less than ten days nor    of stockholders may be made
                        more than 60 days before the  by the board of directors or
                        meeting date. Notice of an    by any stockholder entitled
                        annual or special meeting of  to vote for the election of
                        shareholders to act on an     directors at an annual
                        amendment to the              meeting and who complies
                        corporation's charter, a      with the following
                        plan of merger, a share       procedure: nominations for
                        exchange, a sale of all or    the election of directors
                        substantially all of the      made by a stockholder must
                        corporation's assets, or of   be made by written notice to
                        a dissolution of the          the clerk and received not
                        corporation must be given     less than 45 days nor more
                        not less than 25 days nor     than 60 days prior to the
                        more than 60 days before the  anniversary of the date on
                        meeting date.                 which Keane first mailed its
                                                      proxy materials for the
                        The Metro bylaws do not       prior year's annual meeting
                        contain any specific advance  of stockholders, provided,
                        notice provisions for notice  however, that if the date of
                        of shareholder nominations    the annual meeting is more
                        of directors or shareholder   than 30 days before or after
                        proposals of business.        the anniversary of the prior
                                                      year's annual meeting, the
                                                      nomination must be mailed or
                                                      delivered to the clerk not
                                                      later than the close of
                                                      business on the later of the
                                                      date 60 days prior to the
                                                      date of the meeting or the
                                                      tenth day following the date
                                                      on which the notice of the
                                                      meeting was mailed or public
                                                      disclosure was made,
                                                      whichever occurs first.

                                                      For any other business to be
                                                      properly brought before an
                                                      annual meeting by a
                                                      stockholder, the stockholder
                                                      must have given timely
                                                      notice thereof in writing to
                                                      the clerk. To be timely, a
                                                      stockholder's notice must be
                                                      received at the principal
                                                      executive offices of Keane
                                                      not less than 45 days nor
                                                      more than 60 days prior to
                                                      the anniversary of the date
                                                      on which Keane first mailed
                                                      its proxy materials for the
                                                      prior year's annual meeting
                                                      of stockholders, provided,
                                                      however, that if the date of
                                                      the annual meeting is more
                                                      than 30 days before or after
                                                      the anniversary of the prior
                                                      year's annual meeting, the
                                                      notice shall have been
                                                      mailed or delivered to the
                                                      clerk not later than the
                                                      close of business on the
                                                      later of the date 60 days
                                                      prior to the date of the
                                                      meeting or the tenth day
                                                      following the date whichever
                                                      occurs first.

                                    METRO                         KEANE
                                 (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                 ----------                  ---------------

Advance notice          The Metro bylaws do not       Under Massachusetts law,
provisions for board    contain any specific advance  seven days notice is
nomination and other    notice provisions for notice  required before any
stockholder business--  of shareholder nominations    stockholders meeting.
special meetings        of directors or shareholder
                        proposals of business.        Under Keane's bylaws, for
                                                      business to be properly
                                                      brought before a special
                                                      meeting by a stockholder
                                                      other than the election of
                                                      directors (see the procedure
                                                      described above), timely
                                                      notice must be given by the
                                                      stockholder to the clerk of
                                                      the corporation. To be
                                                      timely with respect to a
                                                      special meeting, a
                                                      stockholder's notice must be
                                                      mailed and received at the
                                                      principal executive offices
                                                      of Keane not less than 60
                                                      days nor more than 90 days
                                                      prior to the special
                                                      meeting, provided, however,
                                                      that if less than 70 days'
                                                      notice or prior public
                                                      disclosure of the date of
                                                      the special meeting is given
                                                      or made to the stockholders,
                                                      notice by the stockholder
                                                      must be delivered or mailed
                                                      to the clerk not later than
                                                      the close of business on the
                                                      tenth day following the date
                                                      on which the notice of the
                                                      special meeting was mailed
                                                      or public disclosure was
                                                      made, whichever occurs
                                                      first.

Number of directors     Virginia law provides that    Massachusetts law generally
                        the board of directors of a   provides that a corporation
                        Virginia corporation shall    shall be managed and
                        consist of a number of        conducted by not less than
                        individuals specified in or   three directors.
                        fixed in accordance with the
                        bylaws of the corporation     Keane's charter and bylaws
                        or, if not specified or       provide that its board of
                        fixed in accordance with the  directors shall not have
                        bylaws, then a number         less than three members.
                        specified in or fixed in      Keane's board of directors
                        accordance with the charter   currently consists of eight
                        of the corporation.           directors.

                        The Metro bylaws provide
                        that the board of directors
                        shall consist of at least
                        one member but not more than
                        11 members as that number
                        may be determined from time
                        to time by the board of
                        directors. The Metro board
                        of directors currently
                        consists of six members.

                                   METRO                         KEANE
                                (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                ----------                  ---------------

Election of Directors  Directors are elected by a    Directors are elected by a
                       plurality of the votes cast   plurality of the votes cast
                       by shares of Metro common     by shares of Keane common
                       shareholders entitled to      stockholders entitled to
                       vote at a meeting at which a  vote at a meeting at which a
                       quorum is present.            quorom is present.

                       Holders of Metro common       Massachusetts law does not
                       stock do not have cumulative  authorize or provide for
                       voting rights in the          cumulative voting rights by
                       election of directors.        stockholders in the election
                                                     of directors. Neither the
                                                     Keane charter nor the bylaws
                                                     provide for cumulative
                                                     voting.

Classified board of    Virginia law provides that a  Massachusetts law provides
directors              corporation's board of        that a corporation's board
                       directors may be divided      of directors may be divided
                       into two or three classes     into classes but no class
                       with staggered terms of       shall be elected for a
                       office.                       shorter period than one year
                                                     or for a longer period than
                       Metro directors are           five years.
                       classified into three
                       classes and are elected to a  Each of Keane's directors
                       term of three years and hold  currently holds office until
                       office until the third        the next annual meeting of
                       annual shareholder meeting    stockholders.
                       after their election.

Removal of directors   Under Virginia law, except    Under Massachusetts law,
                       as otherwise provided in a    except as otherwise provided
                       corporation's charter, a      in a corporation's charter
                       director may be removed from  or bylaws, a director may be
                       office, with or without       removed from office, with or
                       cause, by the holders of a    without cause, by the
                       majority of the shares        holders of a majority of the
                       entitled to vote in the       shares entitled to vote in
                       election of directors.        the election of directors. A
                                                     director may also be removed
                       The Metro charter provides    from office with cause by a
                       that any director may be      majority of the directors
                       removed by:                   then in
                                                     office. A director may be
                       .   the shareholders, only    removed for cause only after
                           at the annual meeting of  a reasonable notice and
                           shareholders, by a vote   opportunity to be heard
                           of not less than two-     before the body proposing to
                           thirds of the shares      remove the director.
                           then entitled to vote at
                           an election of            Keane's bylaws provide that
                           directors; or             a
                                                     director may be removed from
                       .   the board of directors,   office, with or without
                           at any time, by a vote    cause, by the holders of a
                           of not less than two-     majority of the shares
                           thirds of the directors.  entitled to vote in the
                                                     election of directors. In
                                                     addition, the directors
                                                     elected by the holders of a
                                                     particular class or series
                                                     of stock may be removed by
                                                     the holder of a majority of
                                                     the outstanding shares of
                                                     that class or series. A
                                                     director may be removed for
                                                     cause by vote of a majority
                                                     of the directors then in
                                                     office after reasonable
                                                     notice and an opportunity to
                                                     be heard.

                                      METRO                         KEANE
                                   (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                   ----------                  ---------------

Board of director         Under Virginia law, unless a  Under Massachusetts law,
vacancies                 corporation's charter         unless the corporation's
                          provides otherwise,           charter provides otherwise,
                          vacancies, including a        vacancies are filled in the
                          vacancy resulting from an     manner prescribed in the
                          increase in the number of     corporation's bylaws.
                          directors, may be filled by
                          a plurality of the votes      Keane's bylaws provide that
                          cast by the shares entitled   any vacancy in the board of
                          to vote in the election at a  directors, including a
                          meeting at which a quorum is  vacancy from the enlargement
                          present or by a majority of   of the board of directors,
                          the directors remaining in    may be filled by vote of a
                          office, even though less      majority of the directors
                          than a quorum. If the board   present at the meeting of
                          of directors fills a          directors at which a quorum
                          vacancy, the director's term  is present. Each such
                          expires at the next           successor will hold office
                          shareholder meeting at which  for the unexpired term of
                          directors are elected even    his predecessor.
                          if the corporation has a
                          classified board of
                          directors with staggered
                          terms and the new director
                          is filling an unexpired term
                          with more than one year
                          remaining.

Notice of special         The Metro bylaws provide      Keane's bylaws provide that
meetings of the board of  that special meetings of the  special meetings of the
directors                 board of directors may be     board of directors may be
                          called by the president, and  called by the chairman of
                          shall be called by the        the board, chief executive
                          president on the written      officer, president,
                          request of any two            treasurer, or two or more
                          directors.                    directors.

Approval of loans to      Virginia law does not         Under Massachusetts law, the
officers                  contain any specific          directors and officers who
                          provisions regarding loans    participate in a loan by the
                          to officers.                  corporation to any of its
                                                        officers shall be jointly
                          The Metro bylaws do not       and severally liable for any
                          contain any specific          unpaid portions of the loan,
                          provisions regarding loans    unless a majority of
                          to officers.                  disinterested shares
                                                        entitled to vote for
                                                        directors approve or ratify
                                                        the loan as one reasonably
                                                        expected to benefit the
                                                        corporation.

                                                        Keane's bylaws do not
                                                        provide for loans to
                                                        officers.

                             METRO                         KEANE
                          (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                          ----------                  ---------------

Indemnification  Under Virginia law, the       Under Massachusetts law, a
                 liability of directors or     director is generally not
                 officers of a corporation     exculpated from liability
                 may not be eliminated or      relating to unauthorized
                 limited if the director or    distributions and loans to
                 officer engaged in willful    insiders. Massachusetts law
                 misconduct or a knowing       provides that no
                 violation of the criminal     indemnification may be
                 law or of any federal or      provided with respect to any
                 state securities laws.        matter in which the director
                                               or officer shall have been
                 The Metro charter provides    adjudicated not to have
                 that the directors and        acted in good faith in the
                 officers shall not be liable  reasonable belief that his
                 for monetary damages to       action was:
                 Metro or its shareholders in
                 any instance in which         . in the best interest of
                 Virginia law permits the        the corporation, or
                 limitation or elimination of
                 liability of directors or     . to the extent that such
                 officers of a corporation to    matter relates to service
                 the corporation or its          with respect to any
                 shareholders.                   employee benefit plan, in
                                                 the best interest of the
                 The Metro charter requires      participants or
                 indemnification in any          beneficiaries of such
                 proceeding, including a         employee benefit plan.
                 proceeding brought by Metro
                 or by a shareholder in the    Massachusetts law does not
                 right of Metro, against:      explicitly address indemni-
                                               fying persons against judg-
                 . any person who was or is    ments in actions brought by
                   threatened to be made a     or in the right of the cor-
                   party to such proceeding    poration. The standard de-
                   by reason of the fact that  scribed above applies to
                   he is or was a director or  such cases.
                   officer of Metro, and
                                               Keane's charter provides
                 . any director or officer of  that Keane will indemnify
                   Metro in connection with    each person who was or is a
                   service at the request of   party or is threatened to be
                   Metro in any capacity of    made a party to any threat-
                   another enterprise, in      ened, pending or completed
                   either case unless the      action, suit or proceeding,
                   person engaged in willful   whether civil, criminal, ad-
                   misconduct or a knowing     ministrative or investiga-
                   violation of the criminal   tive, by reason of the fact
                   law.                        that he is or was, or has
                                               agreed to become, a director
                                               or officer of Keane, or is
                                               or was serving, or has
                                               agreed to serve, at the re-
                                               quest of Keane, as a direc-
                                               tor or officer of, or in a
                                               similar capacity with, an-
                                               other organization or in any
                                               capacity with respect to any
                                               employee benefit plan of
                                               Keane.

                                     METRO                         KEANE
                                  (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                  ----------                  ---------------

Amendment of charter,    Under Virginia law, unless a  Under Massachusetts law, the
merger, share exchanges  Virginia corporation's        affirmative vote of two-
and sale of assets       charter provides for a        thirds of the shares of each
                         greater or lesser vote,       class of stock outstanding
                         certain actions such as the   and entitled to vote, or, if
                         amendment of the charter,     the charter so provides, by
                         mergers, share exchanges and  a vote of a lesser
                         sales of all or               proportion (but not less
                         substantially all of a        than a majority of each
                         corporation's assets not in   class of stock outstanding
                         the ordinary course of        and entitled to vote), is
                         business, must be approved    generally necessary to
                         by each voting group          approve any of these types
                         entitled to vote on the       of transactions.
                         transaction by more than
                         two-thirds of all the votes   Keane's charter does not
                         entitled to be cast by that   contain any specific
                         voting group. However, the    provisions regarding the
                         vote specified in the         amendment of the charter,
                         charter may not be reduced    other than a requirement
                         to less than a majority of    that two-thirds of the votes
                         all votes cast by the voting  which all of Keane's
                         group at a meeting at which   stockholders would be
                         a quorum of the voting group  entitled to cast at any
                         exists.                       annual election of directors
                                                       is necessary to amend or
                         The Metro charter requires    repeal, or to adopt any
                         that any amendment or         provision inconsistent with,
                         restatement of the charter,   the indemnification
                         merger, share exchange or     provisions of Keane's
                         sale of all or substantially  charter.
                         all of Metro's assets be
                         approved by a majority of
                         all the votes entitled to be
                         cast on the action.

                                   METRO                            KEANE
                                 (Virginia)                    (Massachusetts)
                                 ----------                    ---------------

Amendment of bylaws  Under Virginia law, a              Under Massachusetts law, the
                     corporation's shareholders or      power to make, amend or
                     board of directors may amend or    repeal bylaws is given to
                     repeal bylaws except to the        the stockholders, provided
                     extent that the corporation's      that the charter may
                     charter or Virginia law reserves   authorize the directors to
                     the power exclusively to the       also make, amend or repeal
                     shareholders. With respect to a    the bylaws in whole or in
                     particular bylaw, the              part, except with respect to
                     shareholders may expressly         provisions which, by law,
                     provide that the board of          the charter or the bylaws
                     directors may not amend or repeal  require the action of the
                     that bylaw. A corporation's        stockholders.
                     shareholders may amend or repeal
                     bylaws even though the bylaws      Keane's bylaws may be
                     also may be amended or repealed    amended by vote of the
                     by its board of directors.         holders of a majority of the
                                                        shares of each class of the
                     Virginia law expressly addresses   capital stock at the time
                     an amendment or repeal of a bylaw  outstanding and entitled to
                     provision that fixes a greater     vote at any annual or
                     quorum or voting requirement for   special meeting of
                     the board of directors than the    stockholders, if notice of
                     quorum or voting requirement       the substance of the
                     fixed by Virginia law. If the      proposed amendment is stated
                     shareholders originally adopted    in the notice of such
                     the provision, only they may       meeting. If authorized by
                     amend or repeal it. If the board   the charter, the directors,
                     of directors originally adopted    by a majority of their
                     the provision, either the          number then in office, may
                     shareholders or the board of       also make, amend or repeal
                     directors may amend or repeal it.  the bylaws, in whole or in
                                                        part, except with respect to
                     A bylaw adopted or amended by the  (a) the provisions of the
                     shareholders that fixes a greater  bylaws governing the removal
                     quorum or voting requirement for   of directors and the
                     the board of directors may         amendment of bylaws, and (b)
                     provide that it may be amended or  any provision of the bylaws
                     repealed only by a specified vote  which by law, the charter or
                     of either the shareholders or the  the bylaws requires action
                     board of directors.                by the stockholders.

                     Metro's bylaws may be amended or
                     repealed by the vote of a
                     majority of the shareholders
                     entitled to vote in the election
                     of any director at an annual
                     meeting or a special meeting
                     called for that purpose, provided
                     that written notice stating the
                     proposed amendment has been sent
                     to each shareholder of record
                     entitled to vote at that meeting
                     at the shareholder's last known
                     post office address at least ten
                     days before the date of the
                     annual or special meeting.
                     Amendments may only be made if
                     they have been specified in the
                     notice. The Metro bylaws also
                     provide that the board of
                     directors, by the vote of a
                     majority of the directors, may
                     amend or repeal the bylaws at a
                     regular or special meeting of the
                     board of directors and that any
                     bylaws adopted by the board of
                     directors may be amended or
                     repealed by the shareholders.

                                    METRO                         KEANE
                                 (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                 ----------                  ---------------

Anti-takeover statutes  Virginia law contains         Massachusetts law contains a
                        provisions governing          three-year moratorium on
                        "affiliated transactions."    business combinations
                        In general, these provisions  between a corporation and
                        prohibit a Virginia           interested stockholders,
                        corporation from engaging in  unless certain conditions
                        material acquisition          are met. In addition, the
                        transactions with any holder  Massachusetts control share
                        of more than 10% of any       acquisition statute
                        class of its outstanding      restricts the voting rights
                        voting shares (an             of shares acquired under
                        "interested shareholder")     specified circumstances.
                        for a period of three years
                        following the date that such
                        person became an interested
                        shareholder unless:

                        . the board of directors of
                          the corporation and the
                          holders of two-thirds of
                          the voting shares, other
                          than the shares
                          beneficially owned by the
                          interested shareholder,
                          approve the affiliated
                          transaction, or

                        . before the date the person
                          became an interested
                          shareholder, the board of
                          directors approved the
                          transaction that resulted
                          in the shareholder
                          becoming an interested
                          shareholder.

                        Affiliated transactions
                        subject to this approval
                        requirement include mergers,
                        share exchanges, material
                        dispositions of corporate
                        assets not in the ordinary
                        course of business, any
                        dissolution of the
                        corporation proposed by or
                        on behalf of an interested
                        shareholder or any
                        reclassification, including
                        reverse stock splits,
                        recapitalizations or mergers
                        of the corporation with its
                        subsidiaries, which
                        increases the percentage of
                        voting shares owned
                        beneficially by an
                        interested shareholder by
                        more than 5%.

                                    METRO                         KEANE
                                 (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                 ----------                  ---------------

Anti-takeover statutes  Virginia law also contains
(cont'd)                provisions relating to
                        "control share
                        acquisitions," which are
                        transactions causing the
                        voting strength of any
                        person acquiring beneficial
                        ownership of shares of a
                        Virginia public corporation
                        to meet or exceed certain
                        threshold percentages (20%,
                        33 1/3% or 50%) of the total
                        votes entitled to be cast
                        for the election of
                        directors. Shares acquired
                        in a control share
                        acquisition have no voting
                        rights unless:

                        . the voting rights are
                          granted by a majority vote
                          of all outstanding shares
                          other than those held by
                          the acquiring person or
                          any officer or employee
                          director of the
                          corporation, or

                        . the charter or bylaws of
                          the corporation provide
                          that these Virginia law
                          provisions do not apply to
                          acquisitions of its
                          shares. The acquiring
                          person may require that a
                          special meeting of the
                          shareholders be held to
                          consider the grant of
                          voting rights to the
                          shares acquired in the
                          control share acquisition.

                        The board of directors of a
                        Virginia corporation may
                        adopt a bylaw providing that
                        the control share provisions
                        of Virginia law do not apply
                        to acquisitions of the
                        corporation's shares. The
                        Metro board of directors has
                        adopted a bylaw opting out
                        of the control share
                        acquisition provisions of
                        Virginia law.

                                      METRO                         KEANE
                                   (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                   ----------                  ---------------

Par value, dividends and  The concepts of par value,    Under Massachusetts law,
repurchases of shares     capital and surplus have      corporations generally are
                          been eliminated under         permitted to pay dividends
                          Virginia law.                 as long as the action is not
                                                        taken when the corporation
                          Virginia law permits a        is insolvent, does not
                          corporation to declare and    render the corporation
                          pay dividends and make other  insolvent and does not
                          distributions to              violate the corporation's
                          shareholders, unless after    charter. The directors of
                          giving effect to the          Massachusetts corporations
                          distribution:                 may be jointly and severally
                                                        liable to the corporation to
                          . the corporation would be    the extent that the
                            unable to pay its debts as  directors authorize a
                            they become due in the      dividend when the
                            usual course of business,   corporation is insolvent or
                            or                          where the amount of the
                                                        dividend exceeds the
                          . the corporation's total     permissible amounts and is
                            assets would be less than   not repaid to the
                            the sum of its total        corporation.
                            liabilities plus the
                            amount that would be        Keane's charter provides
                            needed, if the corporation  that dividends may be
                            were to be dissolved at     declared and paid on its
                            the time of the             common stock and class B
                            distribution, to satisfy    common stock from assets or
                            the preferential rights     funds lawfully available as
                            upon dissolution of         and when determined by the
                            shareholders whose          board of directors, provided
                            preferential rights are     that no regular cash
                            superior to those           quarterly dividend may be
                            receiving the               declared and paid to holders
                            distribution.               of class B common stock
                                                        unless at the same time the
                          In addition, Virginia law     board of directors also
                          provides that a corporation   declares and pays to the
                          may acquire its own shares    holders of common stock a
                          and shares so acquired        per share dividend which is
                          constitute authorized but     $.05 per share greater than
                          unissued shares of the same   the per share dividend
                          class, but undesignated as    declared and paid to holders
                          to series. The concept of     of class B common stock.
                          treasury shares has been      Otherwise, no dividend may
                          eliminated under Virginia     be declared or paid to
                          law. Since any purchase of    holders of class B common
                          its shares by the             stock unless an equal
                          corporation is treated as a   dividend is declared and
                          distribution to the selling   paid to holders of common
                          shareholder, the purchase     stock. In addition, the
                          must be approved by the       board of directors may
                          board of directors or be      declare and pay dividends to
                          part of a repurchase plan     the holders of common stock
                          authorized by the board of    without declaring and paying
                          directors and must comply     dividends to the holders of
                          with Virginia law governing   class B common stock.
                          dividends.

                                      METRO                         KEANE
                                   (Virginia)                  (Massachusetts)
                                   ----------                  ---------------

Dissenters' or appraisal  With respect to shares of     Under Massachusetts law, a
rights                    any class or series of        stockholder may, before the
                          shares that are either        taking of the vote on
                          listed on a national          approval of any merger,
                          securities exchange or held   consolidation or sale of all
                          by at least 2,000 record      or substantially all of a
                          shareholders, dissenters'     corporation's assets and in
                          rights are not available      connection with the adoption
                          under Virginia law to the     of charter amendments that
                          holders of such shares by     may adversely affect the
                          reason of a merger, share     rights or preferences of
                          exchange or sale or exchange  stockholders, file with the
                          of property unless:           corporation a written
                                                        objection to the proposed
                          . the charter of the          transaction stating that the
                            corporation issuing such    stockholder intends to
                            shares provides otherwise   demand payment for the
                            (which the Metro charter    stockholder's shares if the
                            does not),                  transaction is consummated.

                          . in the case of a merger or  If the shares are not voted
                            share exchange, the         in favor of the transaction,
                            holders of such shares are  the stockholder may have the
                            required to accept          right to demand in writing
                            anything other than (1)     from the corporation, as it
                            cash, (2) shares of the     exists after the
                            surviving or acquiring      transaction, within 20 days
                            corporation or shares of    after the date of mailing to
                            any other corporation that  the stockholder of notice in
                            are either listed subject   writing that the transaction
                            to notice of issuance on a  has been consummated,
                            national securities         payment for the
                            exchange or held by at      stockholder's shares and an
                            least 2,000 record          appraisal for the value of
                            shareholders or (3) a       those shares.
                            combination of cash and
                            such shares, or

                          . the transaction is an
                            affiliated transaction and
                            has not been approved by a
                            majority of the
                            disinterested directors as
                            defined in Virginia law.

                          A shareholder who has the
                          right to dissent from a
                          transaction and receive
                          payment of the "fair value"
                          of his or her shares must
                          follow the procedural
                          requirements specified under
                          Virginia law in order to
                          maintain such right and
                          obtain such payment.

                               METRO                         KEANE
                            (Virginia)                  (Massac