URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/715957/000091664101501179/0000916641-01-501179.txt

                      Registration No.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                               ----------------
                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     Under
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                               ----------------
                            DOMINION RESOURCES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                               ----------------
        Virginia                     4911                    54-1229715
     (State or other           (Primary Standard               (I.R.S.
     jurisdiction of              Industrial           EmployerIdentification
    incorporation or          Classification Code              Number)
      organization)                 Number)

                              120 Tredegar Street
                            Richmond, Virginia 23219
                                 (804) 819-2000
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                   registrant's principal executive offices)

           James F. Stutts, Esq., Vice President and General Counsel
         Patricia A. Wilkerson, Vice President and Corporate Secretary
                Karen W. Doggett, Assistant Corporate Secretary
                            Dominion Resources, Inc.
                              120 Tredegar Street
                            Richmond, Virginia 23219
                                 (804) 819-2000
 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)

                               ----------------

                                   Copies to:
       Leslie A. Grandis, Esq.                  Michael M. Stewart, Esq.
          McGuireWoods LLP                           Crowe & Dunlevy
          One James Center                       1800 Mid-America Tower
        901 East Cary Street                         20 N. Broadway
      Richmond, Virginia 23219                Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102
           (804) 775-1000                            (405) 235-7700

                               ----------------

  Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as
practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective and all the
conditions to the proposed merger of a subsidiary of the Registrant with Louis
Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp. have been satisfied or waived.
  If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box: [_]
  If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering: [_]
  If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering:  [_]
                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                          Proposed       Proposed
 Title of each Class of    Number of      Maximum        Maximum      Amount of
    Securities to be     Shares to be  Offering Price   Aggregate    Registration
       Registered        Registered(1)  Per Share(2)  Offering Price     Fee
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, no par
 value..................  14,734,012      $59.625      $878,515,466    $219,629
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)    The number of shares to be registered is based upon a maximum of
       45,672,697 shares of common stock of Louis Dreyfus, including 1,911,552
       common stock issuable upon exercise of Louis Dreyfus employee stock
       options or otherwise expected to be issued on or before the closing date
       of the merger, multiplied by the exchange ratio of 0.3226 shares of
       Dominion common stock.
(2)    Based on the average of the high and low trading prices of Dominion
       common stock on September 10, 2001 on the New York Stock Exchange. This
       date is within five trading days of the filing date due to the
       suspension of trading on the NYSE following the terrorist attacks on New
       York and Washington, D.C.

  THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT
SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SECTION 8(a) MAY
DETERMINE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                Subject to completion, dated September 20, 2001

                              [LOUIS DREYFUS LOGO]

Dear Shareholders:

  On September 9, 2001, Dominion Resources, Inc. agreed to acquire Louis
Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp. by merging Louis Dreyfus into a wholly owned
subsidiary of Dominion. In the merger, each Louis Dreyfus shareholder, other
than those exercising dissenter's rights, will receive $20.00 in cash and
0.3226 shares of Dominion common stock for each share of Louis Dreyfus common
stock that the shareholder owns. The merger agreement requires the approval of
Louis Dreyfus shareholders. We have scheduled a special meeting of our
shareholders on October  , 2001, to vote on the merger. Regardless of the
number of shares that you own or whether you plan to attend the meeting, it is
important that your shares be represented and voted. Voting instructions are
inside.

  THE LOUIS DREYFUS BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED AND ADOPTED THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE
ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTEREST OF LOUIS DREYFUS AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS.
ACCORDINGLY, THE LOUIS DREYFUS BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE TO
APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

  This document provides you with detailed information about the proposed
merger. We encourage you to read the entire document carefully. Louis Dreyfus
common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "LD."
Dominion common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
"D."

                                          Sincerely,

                                          Mark E. Monroe,
                                          President and Chief Executive
                                           Officer

For a discussion of certain risk factors that you should consider in evaluating
              the merger, see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 10.

    Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
  securities commission has approved the Dominion common stock to be
  issued under this document or determined if this document is accurate
  or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

       This proxy statement/prospectus is dated September  , 2001, and is
       first being mailed to shareholders on or about September  , 2001.

  This document is the proxy statement of Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp. for
its special shareholders' meeting and the prospectus of Dominion Resources,
Inc. for the common stock to be issued in connection with the merger of Louis
Dreyfus with a subsidiary of Dominion. This document gives you detailed
information about the merger. This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by
reference other documents containing important business and financial
information about Louis Dreyfus and Dominion that are not included in this
proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain this information without charge from
Dominion or Louis Dreyfus upon written or oral request as described under
"Where You Can Find More Information" on page 91. To obtain timely delivery of
this information, please make your request by October  , 2001.

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                         TO BE HELD ON OCTOBER  , 2001

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF LOUIS DREYFUS NATURAL GAS CORP.:

  NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a Special Meeting of Shareholders of Louis
Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp., an Oklahoma corporation, will be held on October
 , 2001 at 10:00 a.m. at the Louis Dreyfus principal corporate office, 14000
Quail Springs Parkway, Suite 600, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, for the following
purpose:

    To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 9, 2001
    among Dominion Resources, Inc., Consolidated Natural Gas Company
    and Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp., as amended by Amendment No.
    1 dated as of September 17, 2001, providing for the merger of
    Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp. with and into a wholly owned
    subsidiary of Dominion Resources, Inc.

  The Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended, is more fully described in the
Proxy Statement/ Prospectus accompanying this Notice. The meeting may be
adjourned from time to time and, at any reconvened meeting, action with respect
to the matter specified in this Notice may be taken without further notice to
the shareholders, unless required by applicable law or the bylaws of Louis
Dreyfus.

  Appraisal rights are available to Louis Dreyfus shareholders in connection
with the merger. A copy of the Oklahoma appraisal rights statute is contained
in Annex D to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus accompanying this Notice.

  Only shareholders of record at the close of business on September  , 2001 are
entitled to notice of, and to vote at the meeting. A list of the shareholders
entitled to vote will be available at the meeting and at the Louis Dreyfus
principal corporate office, 14000 Quail Springs Parkway, Suite 600, Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma for the ten days before the meeting. All shareholders are
cordially invited to attend the meeting in person. Whether or not you expect to
attend the meeting, please complete, date, sign and return the enclosed proxy
as promptly as possible in order to ensure your representation at the meeting.
A return envelope (which is postage prepaid if mailed in the United States) is
enclosed for that purpose. Even if you have given your proxy, you may still
vote in person if you attend the meeting. Please note, however, that if your
shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to
vote at the meeting, you must bring to the meeting a proxy issued in your name
by the record holder.

                                          BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

                                          Kevin R. White, Corporate Secretary

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
September , 2001

       Please mark, sign, date and return your proxy promptly, whether or
                  not you plan to attend the special meeting.

 The Louis Dreyfus board of directors unanimously recommends that shareholders
                                    vote FOR
 the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting.

                               

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS......................................................   1

PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS SUMMARY.........................................   3

RISK FACTORS...............................................................  10

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION.......................................  11
  Dominion.................................................................  11
  Louis Dreyfus ...........................................................  11
  Comparative Per Share Market Price Data..................................  12
  Comparative Unaudited Per Common Share Data..............................  13

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA............................  14
  Dominion.................................................................  14
  Louis Dreyfus............................................................  15

NOTES TO SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA...................  16

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL DATA............................................................  18

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION................  19

THE SPECIAL MEETING OF LOUIS DREYFUS SHAREHOLDERS..........................  21
  Purpose, Time and Place..................................................  21
  Record Date, Quorum, Vote Required ......................................  21
  Proxies..................................................................  22

THE MERGER.................................................................  23
  Description of the Merger................................................  23
  The Effective Time of the Merger.........................................  23
  Background to the Merger.................................................  23
  Recommendation of the Louis Dreyfus Board of Directors and Reasons for
   the Merger..............................................................  28
  Dominion's Reasons for the Merger........................................  30
  What Louis Dreyfus Shareholders Will Receive in the Merger...............  30
  Principal Shareholders Agreement.........................................  31
  Gas Sale Agreement between Dominion and Louis Dreyfus....................  32
  Source of Funds..........................................................  32
  Opinion of Financial Advisor.............................................  33
  Appraisal Rights of Shareholders.........................................  45
  Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger..............  46
  Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger...............................  51
  Accounting Treatment.....................................................  53
  Louis Dreyfus Shareholder Lawsuit Regarding the Merger...................  53
  Resales of Dominion Common Stock.........................................  53
  Stock Exchange Listing...................................................  54

THE MERGER AGREEMENT.......................................................  55
  Overview.................................................................  55
  Effective Time...........................................................  55
  Effects of the Merger....................................................  55
  Exchange of Stock Certificates...........................................  56
  Representations and Warranties...........................................  58
  Covenants Under the Merger Agreement.....................................  59
  No Solicitation of Competing Transactions................................  62
  Conditions of the Merger.................................................  63
  Treatment of Louis Dreyfus Stock Options.................................  65
  Termination..............................................................  66
  Termination Fee..........................................................  67
  Expenses.................................................................  67
  Amendment and Waiver.....................................................  67

REGULATORY MATTERS.........................................................  68
  Antitrust Considerations.................................................  68

THE COMPANIES..............................................................  69
  Dominion.................................................................  69
  Louis Dreyfus............................................................  72

DESCRIPTION OF DOMINION CAPITAL STOCK......................................  73
  General..................................................................  73
  Common Stock.............................................................  73
  Preferred Stock..........................................................  74

COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS.........................................  75

LEGAL MATTERS..............................................................  83

EXPERTS....................................................................  83
  Dominion.................................................................  83
  Louis Dreyfus............................................................  83

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA.........  84
  The Transaction..........................................................  84
  Accounting Treatment.....................................................  84
  Dominion Resources and Subsidiary Companies Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income from Continuing Operations
   for the Year Ended December 31, 2000 and Six Months Ended June 30,
   2001....................................................................  85
  Dominion Resources and Subsidiary Companies Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at June 30, 2001...................  87
  Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial
   Data....................................................................  88

SUBMISSION OF SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS........................................  90

OTHER MATTERS..............................................................  90

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION........................................  91

ANNEXES....................................................................  93
  A.   Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended and restated).............. A-1
  B.   Principal Shareholders Agreement.................................... B-1
  C.   Fairness Opinion of Lehman Brothers Inc............................. C-1
  D.   Section 1091 of the Oklahoma General Corporation Act................ D-1

                             QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

Q:  What am I being asked to vote on?

A:  You are being asked to approve and adopt the merger agreement that provides
    for the merger of Louis Dreyfus with and into a wholly owned subsidiary of
    Dominion.

Q:  Why should Louis Dreyfus shareholders approve the merger with Dominion?

A:  The Louis Dreyfus board of directors believes the merger is in the best
    interests of Louis Dreyfus shareholders, primarily as a result of the value
    of the cash and common stock consideration to be received by Louis Dreyfus
    shareholders.

   You should review the reasons for the merger in greater detail under the
   sub-heading "The Merger--Recommendation of the Louis Dreyfus Board of
   Directors and Reasons for the Merger" on page 28.

   See also "The Merger--Dominion's Reasons for the Merger" on page 30.

Q:  What will I receive when the merger occurs?

A:  In exchange for each of your shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock you will
    receive $20.00 in cash and 0.3226 shares of Dominion common stock. In
    addition, if the merger closes on or after the record date for Dominion's
    regular quarterly dividend payable in December 2001 and/or March 2002 you
    will also receive cash equal to the dividend that would have been paid to
    you if you had been a Dominion shareholder on the record date. You will not
    receive these amounts, however, if breaches by Louis Dreyfus of some of its
    obligations under the merger agreement cause the merger to occur after the
    record date of these dividends.

Q:  How do I vote my shares?

A:  After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
    document, you should fill out and sign your proxy card. Mail your
    completed, signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope as soon as
    possible so that your shares can be voted at the special meeting of Louis
    Dreyfus shareholders.

   You should return your proxy card whether or not you plan to attend the
   special meeting.

Q:  Can I change my vote after I have mailed my signed proxy?

A:  Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at the
    special meeting. You can do this either by (1) submitting to the corporate
    secretary of Louis Dreyfus a written notice of revocation or a signed,
    later-dated proxy card or (2) attending the special meeting and voting in
    person.

Q:  If my shares are held in "street name" by my broker, will my broker vote my
    shares for me?

A:  Your broker will not be able to vote your shares without instructions from
    you. You should follow the directions provided by your broker to vote your
    shares.

Q:  When will the merger be completed?

A:  We are working to complete the merger as quickly as possible after the
    special meeting of Louis Dreyfus shareholders and after all required
    regulatory approvals are obtained. We expect to complete the merger by
    December 1, 2001.

Q:  When and where is the special meeting of shareholders?

A:  The special meeting will take place at the principal corporate office of
    Louis Dreyfus, 14000 Quail Springs Parkway, Suite 600, Oklahoma City,
    Oklahoma, on October  , 2001, beginning at 10:00 a.m., central time.

Q:  Does the merger require the approval of Dominion shareholders?

A:  No.

Q:  Where do shares of Dominion common stock trade?

A:  Dominion common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange
    under the symbol "D."

Q:  Should Louis Dreyfus shareholders send in their stock certificates now?

A:  No. After the merger is completed Louis Dreyfus shareholders will receive
    written instructions for exchanging their stock certificates.

Q:  What do I need to do now?

A:  You should carefully read this document. Then, if you choose to execute
    your proxy, you should do so as soon as possible by completing, signing and
    mailing your proxy card.

Q:  Who can help answer my questions?

A:  If you have more questions about the merger after reading this proxy
    statement/prospectus, you should contact:

  Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp.
  Corporate Secretary
  14000 Quail Springs Parkway, Suite 600
  Oklahoma City, OK 73134
  (405) 749-1300

  Dominion Resources, Inc.
  Corporate Secretary
  120 Tredegar Street
  Richmond, VA 23219
  (804) 819-2000

                       PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

  This summary highlights selected information from this proxy
statement/prospectus. It may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. To better understand the merger we urge you to read this
entire document carefully, including the annexes and the documents to which we
refer you. Each item in this summary includes a page reference directing you to
a more complete description of the item.

  In this proxy statement/prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires,
"Dominion," refers to Dominion Resources, Inc., a Virginia corporation, and its
subsidiaries and predecessors, "Louis Dreyfus" refers to Louis Dreyfus Natural
Gas Corp., an Oklahoma corporation, and its subsidiaries, and the "merger
agreement" refers to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 9,
2001, as amended, dated as of September 17, 2001.

The Merger (page 23)

  The merger agreement provides that Louis Dreyfus will merge into a newly-
formed, direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Dominion. Immediately after the
merger, Dominion will contribute this subsidiary to Consolidated Natural Gas
Company, a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Dominion.

  For each share of Louis Dreyfus common stock, you will receive $20.00 cash
and 0.3226 shares of Dominion common stock. No adjustment will be made to the
number of shares of Dominion common stock you will receive as a result of any
increase or decrease in the market price of Dominion common stock or Louis
Dreyfus common stock. If the merger occurs after the record date for Dominion's
December 2001 and/or March 2002 dividend, you will receive additional cash
consideration equal to the dividend that would have been paid to you if you had
been a Dominion shareholder on the relevant record date. You will not receive
these amounts, however, if Louis Dreyfus breaches certain of its obligations
under the merger agreement and these breaches cause the merger to occur after
the relevant record date for these dividends. If the merger occurs before the
relevant record date, you will receive the dividend only if you are a Dominion
shareholder on the relevant record date.

  Dominion will not issue fractional shares in the merger. You will receive a
cash payment for the value of the remaining fraction of a share of Dominion
common stock to which you would otherwise be entitled.

The Companies (page 69)

 Dominion (page 69)

  Dominion is one of the nation's largest producers of energy. Dominion's
22,000-megawatt generation portfolio is expected to grow to more than 28,000
megawatts by 2005. In addition to its existing 2.8 trillion cubic feet
equivalent (Tcfe) of natural gas reserves and 315 billion cubic feet equivalent
(Bcfe) of annual production, Dominion also owns and operates 7,600 miles of
natural gas transmission pipeline with a delivery capability of 6.3 billion
cubic feet per day. The company also operates the nation's largest underground

natural gas storage system with more than 950 billion cubic feet of storage
capacity. Dominion also serves nearly four million retail natural gas and
electric customers in five states. Dominion is headquartered in Richmond,
Virginia and has about 16,000 employees. Its principal executive office is
located at 120 Tredegar Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219 and its phone number
is (804) 819-2000.

 Louis Dreyfus (page 72)

  Louis Dreyfus is one of the largest independent natural gas companies engaged
in the acquisition, development, exploration, production and marketing of
natural gas. Louis Dreyfus is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and has
about 400 employees. Its principal executive office is located at 14000 Quail
Springs Parkway, Suite 600, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73134 and its phone number
is (405) 749-1300.

The Special Meeting of Louis Dreyfus Shareholders (page 21)

  Louis Dreyfus will hold a special meeting of shareholders at 10:00 a.m., on
October  , 2001 at its principal corporate office, 14000 Quail Springs Parkway,
Suite 600, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The record date will be on September  ,
2001.

  At the meeting, you will be asked to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

  Approval and adoption of the merger agreement will require the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock.
Proxies that are marked "abstain" on the proposal to approve the merger
agreement will be counted for the purpose of determining the number of shares
represented by proxy at the meeting, but will have the same effect as if the
shares they represent were voted against the merger.

  If you hold your shares in "street name" through a broker or other nominee,
your broker or nominee will not be permitted to vote your shares on the merger
proposal without specific instructions from you.

  You may revoke or change your vote at any time before the proxy is voted at
the special meeting. You can do this either by:

  .  submitting to the corporate secretary a written notice of revocation or
     a signed, later-dated proxy card; or

  .  attending the special meeting and voting in person.

  You will have one vote for each share of Louis Dreyfus common stock held on
September  , 2001.

  The percentage of outstanding shares entitled to vote held by Louis Dreyfus
directors, executive officers and their affiliates is approximately 46%
compared to the majority (50%) vote required to approve and adopt the merger
agreement. Dominion and some shareholders of Louis Dreyfus have entered into an
agreement about voting on the merger. See "The Merger--Principal Shareholders
Agreement."

Principal Shareholders Agreement (page 31)

  Louis Dreyfus Commercial Activities, Inc. ("LDCA"), a wholly owned indirect
subsidiary of S.A. Louis Dreyfus et Cie, Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Holdings
Corp., a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of LDCA, and L.D. Fashions Holdings
Corp., also a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of LDCA, all of which are
referred to collectively as the Principal Shareholders, own approximately 44%
of the outstanding stock of Louis Dreyfus and have agreed with Dominion to vote
in favor of the merger and against any action that would be reasonably expected
to delay or postpone the merger. However, if the Louis Dreyfus board of
directors decides that it has a fiduciary duty not to recommend to Louis
Dreyfus shareholders that they approve the merger, the Principal Shareholders
are only required to vote approximately two-thirds of the shares owned by them
(29% of the outstanding stock of Louis Dreyfus) in favor of the merger. The
voting agreement terminates if the merger agreement terminates for any reason
including if Louis Dreyfus terminates the merger agreement to accept a superior
proposal. In addition, the agreement restricts for a period of time the ability
of the Principal Shareholders to sell or otherwise dispose of their Louis
Dreyfus shares and the shares of Dominion common stock they will receive in the
merger. The Principal Shareholders Agreement is attached as Annex B to this
proxy statement/prospectus.

Recommendation of the Louis Dreyfus Board of Directors and Reasons for the
Merger (page 28)

  The Louis Dreyfus board of directors, by unanimous vote, has approved the
merger agreement, believes the merger is fair to and in the best interests of
Louis Dreyfus and Louis Dreyfus shareholders and is advisable, and recommends
that you vote FOR and approve the merger agreement.

  The Louis Dreyfus board of directors considered various factors in approving
the merger agreement including:

  .  the merger consideration;

  .  the opinion of Louis Dreyfus' financial advisor;

  .  general conditions in the industry, strategies, options available to
     Louis Dreyfus and the risks and challenges associated with continued
     pursuit of Louis Dreyfus' strategic plan as an independent company;

  .  the business of Dominion and the characteristics of its common stock;

  .  the tax consequences of the merger; and

  .  the other matters referred to under "The Merger--Recommendation of the
     Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger."

Dominion's Reasons for the Merger (page 30)

  The Dominion board of directors considered various factors in approving the
merger agreement including:

  .  expected per share pro forma earnings accretion for 2002 and beyond;

  .  the addition of significant natural gas reserves in an environment of
     expected long term growth in natural gas demand;

  .  opportunities for increased growth in Dominion's gas trading operations;

  .  the addition of new areas of natural gas operations; and

  .  an increase in Dominion's pro forma average reserve life.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (page 46)

  It is anticipated that Louis Dreyfus shareholders will recognize taxable gain
(but not loss), equal to the lesser of the amount of cash received or the
amount of gain realized, if any. The amount of gain realized will be equal to
the amount by which the cash received plus the fair market value (determined at
the effective time of the merger) of the Dominion common stock received exceeds
the shareholder's basis in the Louis Dreyfus common stock surrendered. See
"Risk Factors" for additional information concerning risks associated with the
anticipated tax consequences of the merger. In addition, neither Louis Dreyfus
nor Dominion is expected to recognize gain or loss as a result of the merger.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger (page 51)

  Some directors and officers of Louis Dreyfus have interests in the merger
that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of other Louis
Dreyfus shareholders. These interests include change of control payments, the
acceleration of vesting of stock options and restricted stock, the acceleration
and payment of bonuses, and the right to continued indemnification and
insurance coverage by Dominion for six years after the merger.

The Merger Agreement (page 55)

  The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement/prospectus. Dominion and Louis Dreyfus encourage you to read the
merger agreement in its entirety.

Conditions of the Merger (page 63)

  Completion of the merger is subject to a number of conditions that must be
completed on or before the closing, including:

  .  approval by Louis Dreyfus shareholders;

  .  clearance under federal antitrust laws;

  .  approval for listing on the New York Stock Exchange of the shares of
     Dominion common stock to be issued in the merger;

  .  receipt by Dominion and Louis Dreyfus of an opinion from their
     respective counsel that the merger will be treated as a reorganization
     under the Internal Revenue Code;

  .  each company's representations and warranties contained in the merger
     agreement being, and continuing to be, true and correct in all material
     respects;

  .  each company's performance of its obligations under the merger
     agreement; and

  .  absence of injunctions or restraining orders prohibiting the merger.

No Solicitation of Competing Transactions (page 62)

  Unless required by fiduciary obligations under applicable law, Louis Dreyfus
has agreed that it will not directly or indirectly through its representatives:

  .  solicit, initiate or encourage another acquisition proposal;

  .  participate in discussions, furnish information or take other actions
     that might lead to another acquisition proposal; or

  .  approve another acquisition proposal or enter into any letter of intent
     or other agreement with respect to another acquisition proposal.

  For this purpose, an acquisition proposal is any third party tender offer,
merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving
all or more than 10% of Louis Dreyfus assets, 10% or more of Louis Dreyfus
capital stock, or any acquisition of 10% or more of Louis Dreyfus capital stock
or assets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions.

  Louis Dreyfus must notify Dominion of another acquisition proposal within 24
hours of receiving the proposal and must keep Dominion informed of the status
of the proposal.

Termination (page 66)

  The merger agreement allows for termination of the agreement:

  .  by mutual consent;

  .  by either company if the merger does not occur by March 31, 2002;

  .  by either company if Louis Dreyfus shareholders do not approve the
     merger;

  .  by either company if a federal or state court or government agency
     prohibits the merger;

  .  by Louis Dreyfus prior to the shareholders' meeting, if its board of
     directors determines in good faith that its fiduciary duties require
     acceptance of a superior acquisition proposal;

  .  by either company based on an uncured material breach by the other
     party;

  .  by Dominion if the Louis Dreyfus board of directors withdraws, modifies
     or changes, in a manner adverse to Dominion, its recommendation of the
     merger; or

  .  by Dominion if Louis Dreyfus breaches its no solicitation obligation in
     a material respect and Dominion is adversely affected.

Termination Fee (page 67)

  Louis Dreyfus will pay Dominion a fee of $70 million if:

  .  the merger agreement is terminated by Louis Dreyfus in order to accept a
     superior proposal;

  .  the merger agreement is terminated by Dominion because:

    .  the Louis Dreyfus board of directors withdraws, modifies or changes,
       in a manner adverse to Dominion, its recommendation of the merger;

    .  Louis Dreyfus breaches its no solicitation obligation in a material
       respect and Dominion is adversely affected; or

  .  the merger agreement is terminated:

    .  by Dominion because Louis Dreyfus breached in a material respect any
       of its material agreements or covenants in the merger agreement;

    .  by Louis Dreyfus or Dominion because the merger did not occur by
       March 31, 2002 and Louis Dreyfus breached in a material respect any
       of its material agreements or covenants in the merger agreement; or

    .  by Louis Dreyfus or Dominion because Louis Dreyfus shareholders did
       not approve the merger;

    .  and, in each case:

      -- there was outstanding another publicly announced acquisition
         proposal;

      -- Dominion was not in material breach of the merger agreement;

      -- the Louis Dreyfus shareholders did not approve the merger;

      -- the Louis Dreyfus board of directors did not withdraw, modify or
         change its recommendation of the merger; and

      -- within 12 months after termination, Louis Dreyfus enters into an
         agreement (which is ultimately consummated) or consummates a
         transaction with the proponent of the acquisition proposal or
         another party pursuant to a superior acquisition proposal.

Regulatory Matters (page 68)

  Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, Dominion and Louis Dreyfus cannot consummate
the merger until each has submitted information to the Antitrust Division of
the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission. Then, each company
must satisfy waiting period requirements. Dominion and Louis Dreyfus made the
required filings on September 18, 2001. As with any merger, the Department of
Justice or Federal Trade Commission has the authority to challenge the merger
on antitrust grounds before or after the merger is completed. However, neither
Dominion nor Louis Dreyfus believes the merger will violate federal antitrust
laws.

  While Dominion and Louis Dreyfus are not aware of any other material
governmental approvals or actions required to complete the merger, should any
approval or action be required, Dominion and Louis Dreyfus anticipate seeking
the required approval or action. Dominion and Louis Dreyfus cannot provide any
assurance, however, that the approval or action, if needed, could be obtained
within the time frame contemplated by, or on terms consistent with, the merger
agreement.

Accounting Treatment (page 53)

  Dominion will account for the merger under the purchase method of accounting.
Purchase accounting requires that the purchase price and costs of the
acquisition be allocated to all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
based upon relative fair values.

Stock Exchange Listing (page 54)

  Dominion common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
"D." Dominion will obtain approval from the New York Stock Exchange for listing
of the additional shares of Dominion common stock to be issued in the merger.

  If the merger is completed, Louis Dreyfus common stock will be delisted from
the New York Stock Exchange.

Comparative Rights of Shareholders (page 75)

  The rights of Louis Dreyfus shareholders are governed by the laws of the
State of Oklahoma while the rights of Dominion shareholders are governed by the
laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. There are differences in the rights of
shareholders under these laws. Additionally, there are differences in the
rights of Louis Dreyfus shareholders and the rights of Dominion shareholders as
a result of the provisions of the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the
two companies.

Resales of Dominion Common Stock (page 53)

  Generally, shares of Dominion common stock received in the merger will be
freely transferable. However, resales of shares of Dominion common stock
received by Louis Dreyfus "affiliates" under applicable federal securities laws
(generally directors, certain executive officers and shareholders owning ten
percent or more) will be restricted for a period of time.

  In addition, the Principal Shareholders entered into an agreement with
Dominion concerning the voting of their shares that also restricts for a period
of time their ability to sell or otherwise dispose of the Louis Dreyfus common
stock they hold and the Dominion common stock they will receive in the merger.

Opinion of Financial Advisor (page 33)

  Louis Dreyfus' financial advisor, Lehman Brothers Inc., gave an opinion to
the Louis Dreyfus board of directors that, as of September 9, 2001, subject to
the limitations and assumptions described in the opinion, the merger
consideration to be received by Louis Dreyfus shareholders in the merger was
fair from a financial point of view to those shareholders. The opinion is
attached as Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus.

Appraisal Rights of Shareholders (page 45)

  Louis Dreyfus shareholders are entitled to exercise dissenter's rights of
appraisal in connection with the merger in accordance with Oklahoma law. See
"The Merger--Appraisal Rights of Shareholders" for more information and Annex D
for a copy of the Oklahoma appraisal rights statute.

                                  RISK FACTORS

  Shareholders of Louis Dreyfus should consider carefully all the information
contained in this proxy statement/prospectus, including the following matters:

Fluctuations in the trading price of Dominion common stock will affect the
value of the consideration you will receive.

  The market value of the shares of Dominion common stock that you will receive
in the merger will vary.

  The exchange ratio of 0.3226 shares of Dominion common stock per share of
Louis Dreyfus common stock (in addition to the cash consideration) you will
receive in the merger is a fixed ratio that will not be adjusted as a result of
any increase or decrease in the market price of Dominion or Louis Dreyfus
common stock. As a result, the market value of the shares of Dominion common
stock you will receive per Louis Dreyfus share will vary as the market price of
Dominion common stock fluctuates. The market price of the shares of Dominion
common stock at the time you receive them following the merger may be higher or
lower than the price of these shares on the date of the merger agreement, this
document, the special meeting or the completion of the merger.

Dominion may not be able to successfully integrate Louis Dreyfus' operations
into its own and may not realize expected benefits of the merger.

  Although Dominion is significantly larger than Louis Dreyfus, the merger will
still present challenges to Dominion's management. These challenges include the
integration of systems, operations and personnel as well as special risks,
including possible unanticipated liabilities, operational interruptions and the
loss of key employees. As a result, Dominion may not realize all of the
expected benefits of the merger.

Failure to complete the merger could negatively affect Louis Dreyfus.

  If the merger is not completed for any reason, Louis Dreyfus may be subject
to a number of material risks. These risks include a decline in the market
price of shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock to the extent that the current
market price of the shares reflects an assumption that the merger will be
completed. Also, Louis Dreyfus will bear its costs related to the merger, such
as financial advisory, accounting and legal fees even if the merger is not
completed.

A significant decline in the market price of Dominion common stock could keep
the merger from qualifying for its anticipated tax treatment. This would allow
either Dominion or Louis Dreyfus to terminate the merger agreement.

  The merger is conditioned on the receipt of legal opinions that the merger
will qualify as a reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For
reasons further discussed under "The Merger--Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger," relating to the portion of the total merger
consideration that must be in the form of Dominion common stock, a significant
decline in the market price of Dominion common stock could prevent the issuance
of these legal opinions and thereby prevent the merger.

                      COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION

Dominion

  Dominion common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "D." The following table sets forth, for the fiscal quarters
indicated, the dividends paid and the high and low sales prices of Dominion
common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.

                                                          High   Low   Dividends
                                                         ------ ------ ---------

  First Quarter......................................... $42.94 $39.38   $.645
  Second Quarter........................................  42.06  37.81    .645
  Third Quarter.........................................  44.94  39.31    .645
  Fourth Quarter........................................  48.94  44.38    .645

  First Quarter.........................................  47.06  36.88    .645
  Second Quarter........................................  44.81  36.56    .645
  Third Quarter.........................................  47.19  43.00    .645
  Fourth Quarter........................................  49.38  39.25    .645

  First Quarter.........................................  43.13  34.81    .645
  Second Quarter........................................  47.50  38.06    .645
  Third Quarter.........................................  59.81  42.81    .645
  Fourth Quarter........................................  67.94  50.75    .645

  First Quarter.........................................  68.00  55.31    .645
  Second Quarter........................................  69.99  59.47    .645
  Third Quarter (through September 19, 2001)............  64.15  56.26    .645

Louis Dreyfus

  Louis Dreyfus common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol "LD." The following table sets forth, for the fiscal
quarters indicated, the high and low sales prices of Louis Dreyfus common stock
as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. Louis Dreyfus does not pay
dividends.

                                                                    High   Low
                                                                   ------ ------

  First Quarter................................................... $20.13 $16.50
  Second Quarter..................................................  20.63  15.50
  Third Quarter...................................................  19.00  10.50
  Fourth Quarter..................................................  16.44  12.00

                                                                    High   Low
                                                                   ------ ------

  First Quarter................................................... $15.75 $11.06
  Second Quarter..................................................  22.00  14.25
  Third Quarter...................................................  23.31  18.88
  Fourth Quarter..................................................  21.50  16.00

  First Quarter...................................................  34.00  15.75
  Second Quarter..................................................  35.00  24.00
  Third Quarter...................................................  40.13  25.19
  Fourth Quarter..................................................  48.19  29.94

  First Quarter...................................................  45.56  31.75
  Second Quarter..................................................  44.20  32.00
  Third Quarter (through September 19, 2001)......................  39.34  29.01

Comparative Per Share Market Price Data

  The following table sets forth the average of the high and low sales prices
per share of Dominion common stock and of Louis Dreyfus common stock, as
reported on the New York Stock Exchange on (1) September 7, 2001, the business
day preceding the public announcement that Dominion and Louis Dreyfus had
entered into the merger agreement and (2) September 19, 2001, the last full
trading day for which sales prices were available at the time of the filing of
this proxy statement/prospectus.

  The table also includes the equivalent price per share of Louis Dreyfus
common stock on those dates. This equivalent per share price reflects the value
of the merger consideration that Louis Dreyfus' shareholders would receive for
each share of Louis Dreyfus common stock if the merger was completed on the
specified dates by multiplying the average sales price of Dominion common stock
on those dates by the exchange ratio of 0.3226 and adding $20.00.

                                                                  Louis Dreyfus
                                                                   Equivalent
                                         Dominion  Louis Dreyfus Price per Share
                                         --------- ------------- ---------------

September 7, 2001.......................  $62.75      $33.00         $40.24
September 19, 2001......................   60.52       38.85          39.52

  Because the market price of Dominion common stock may increase or decrease
before the completion of the merger, Louis Dreyfus shareholders are urged to
obtain current market quotations.

Comparative Unaudited Per Common Share Data

  The following table presents selected comparative unaudited per share data
for Dominion on a historical and pro forma combined basis, and for Louis
Dreyfus on a historical and pro forma equivalent basis, using the purchase
method of accounting. The information presented below is derived from the
consolidated historical financial statements of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus,
including the related notes and incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus. This information should be read in conjunction with such
historical financial statements and the related notes. See "Where You Can Find
More Information."

  The per share data presented here is not necessarily indicative of the
results of future operations of the combined entity or the actual results that
would have been achieved had the merger been consummated prior to the periods
indicated.

  The pro forma combined book value per share of Dominion common stock is based
upon the pro forma combined total common equity for Dominion, divided by the
total pro forma shares of Dominion common stock after the transaction based on
the exchange ratio of 0.3226. The pro forma equivalent book value per share of
Louis Dreyfus common stock represents the pro forma combined amount per share
multiplied by the exchange ratio. The cash portion of the merger consideration
is not reflected in the calculations. The pro forma combined dividends declared
assume no changes in the historical dividends declared per share of Dominion
common stock. The pro forma equivalent dividends per share of Louis Dreyfus
common stock represents the cash dividends declared on a share of Dominion
common stock multiplied by the exchange ratio. The pro forma combined income
from continuing operations per share has been computed based on the average
number of outstanding shares and common stock equivalent shares of Dominion,
and the average number of outstanding shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock
adjusted for the exchange ratio. The pro forma equivalent income from
continuing operations per share of Louis Dreyfus common stock represents the
pro forma combined income from continuing operations per share muliplied by the
exchange ratio.

                                          Dominion            Louis Dreyfus
                                     -------------------- ---------------------
                                                Pro Forma            Pro Forma
Per Common Share                     Historical Combined  Historical Equivalent
----------------                     ---------- --------- ---------- ----------

Book Value:
  As of June 30, 2001..............    $28.98    $30.92     $17.94     $9.97
  As of December 31, 2000..........     28.44     30.43      12.20      9.82
Dividends Declared:
  Six months ended June 30, 2001...      1.29      1.29        --       0.42
  Year ended December 31, 2000.....      2.58      2.58        --       0.83
Income from Continuing Operations--
 Basic:
  Six months ended June 30, 2001...      1.29      1.65       2.76      0.53
  Year ended December 31, 2000.....      1.76      1.97       2.35      0.64
Income from Continuing Operations--
 Diluted:
  Six months ended June 30, 2001...      1.27      1.63       2.71      0.53
  Year ended December 31, 2000.....      1.76      1.96       2.29      0.63

                SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

  Dominion and Louis Dreyfus are providing the following financial information
to aid you in your analysis of the financial aspects of the merger. This
information is only a summary and you should read it in conjunction with the
historical consolidated financial statements of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus and
the related notes contained in Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q that Dominion and Louis Dreyfus have previously filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. See "Where You Can Find More
Information."

Dominion
(in millions -- except per share amounts)

                                                              Six Months Ended
                               Year Ended December 31,            June 30,
                          ----------------------------------- -----------------
                           1996   1997   1998   1999    2000    2000     2001
Income Statement Data     ------ ------ ------ ------  ------ -------- --------
                                                                 (Unaudited)

Operating revenue........ $4,815 $7,263 $6,081 $5,520  $9,260   $4,120   $5,507
Income from continuing
 operations..............    482    412    548    552     415       49      318
Extraordinary loss.......    --     --     --    (255)    --       --       --
Cumulative effect of a
 change in accounting
 principle...............    --     --     --     --       21       21      --
Net income...............    482    412    548    297     436       70      318
Earnings per share --
  basic:
  Income from continuing
   operations............   2.70   2.22   2.81   2.88    1.76     0.21     1.29
  Extraordinary loss.....    --     --     --   (1.33)    --       --       --
  Cumulative effect of a
   change in accounting
   principle.............    --     --     --     --     0.09     0.09      --
  Net Income.............   2.70   2.22   2.81   1.55    1.85     0.30     1.29
Earnings per share --
  diluted:
  Income from continuing
   operations............   2.70   2.22   2.81   2.81    1.76     0.21     1.27
  Extraordinary loss.....    --     --     --   (1.33)    --       --       --
  Cumulative effect of a
   change in accounting
   principle.............    --     --     --     --     0.09     0.09      --
  Net income.............   2.70   2.22   2.81   1.48    1.85     0.30     1.27
Dividends declared per
 share...................   2.58   2.58   2.58   2.58    2.58     1.29     1.29

See Notes to Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data.

Dominion
(in millions -- except per share amounts)

                                     At December 31,               At June 30,
                         --------------------------------------- ---------------
                          1996    1997    1998    1999    2000    2000    2001
Balance Sheet Data       ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- -------
                                                                   (Unaudited)

Total assets............ $14,911 $20,184 $17,549 $17,782 $29,297 $29,098 $32,253
Capitalization:
Long-term debt..........   5,047   7,196   6,252   6,936  10,101   9,258  12,130
Obligated mandatorily
 redeemable preferred
 securities of
 subsidiary trusts......     135     385     385     385     385     385     935
Preferred stocks of
 subsidiary:
  Subject to mandatory
   redemption...........     180     180     180     --      --      --      --
  Not subject to
   mandatory
   redemption...........     509     509     509     509     509     509     509
Common shareholders'
 equity.................   4,911   5,050   5,337   4,774   6,992   6,487   7,190
Total capitalization....  10,782  13,320  12,663  12,604  17,987  16,639  20,764
Obligations under
 capital leases.........       1       8      15      26      26      22      24
Book value per share....   27.10   26.89   27.45   25.62   28.44   27.28   28.98

Louis Dreyfus
(in millions -- except per share amounts)

                                                             Six Months Ended
                              Year Ended December 31,            June 30,
                          ---------------------------------- -----------------
                          1996  1997    1998    1999   2000    2000     2001
Income Statement Data     ---- ------  ------  ------ ------ -------- --------
                                                                (Unaudited)

Total revenue............ $190   $233    $293    $303   $477     $168     $369
Income (loss) from
 continuing operations...   21    (16)    (44)     21     98       18      121
Cumulative effect of a
 change in accounting
 principle...............  --     --        1     --     --       --       --
Net income (loss)........   21    (16)    (43)     21     98       18      121
Earnings (loss) per
 share--basic:
Income (loss) from
 continuing operations... 0.76  (0.53)  (1.10)   0.53   2.35     0.44     2.76
Cumulative effect of a
 change in accounting
 principle...............  --     --     0.02     --     --       --       --
Net income (loss)........ 0.76  (0.53)  (1.08)   0.53   2.35     0.44     2.76
Earnings (loss) per
 share--diluted:
Income (loss) from
 continuing operations... 0.76  (0.53)  (1.10)   0.53   2.29     0.43     2.71
Cumulative effect of a
 change in accounting
 principle...............  --     --     0.02     --     --       --       --
Net income (loss)........ 0.76  (0.53)  (1.08)   0.53   2.29     0.43     2.71
Dividends declared per
 share...................  --     --      --      --     --       --       --

                                  At December 31,               At June 30,
                          ---------------------------------- -----------------
                          1996  1997    1998    1999   2000    2000     2001
Balance Sheet Data        ---- ------  ------  ------ ------ -------- --------
                                                                (Unaudited)

Total assets............. $734 $1,211  $1,284  $1,227 $1,502   $1,418   $1,696
Capitalization:
Long-term debt...........  344    563     597     555    607      682      523
Stockholders' equity.....  264    469     519     499    533      472      790
Total capitalization.....  608  1,032   1,116   1,054  1,140    1,154    1,313
Book value per share..... 9.49  11.70   12.95   12.41  12.20    11.58    17.94

See Notes to Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data.

            NOTES TO SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

1. In 1997 Dominion, through an indirect subsidiary, purchased East Midlands
   Electricity plc (East Midlands) for approximately $2.2 billion. East
   Midlands is a regional electricity company based in the Nottingham area of
   the United Kingdom (UK). The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase,
   and East Midlands was included in Dominion's consolidated financial
   information. In the third quarter of 1997, East Midlands recorded a
   liability of approximately $157 million to reflect the one-time windfall
   profits tax levied by the UK government. The tax was levied on regional
   electric companies in the UK and was based on the privatized utilities'
   excess profits. In July 1998, Dominion sold East Midlands in a transaction
   valued at $3.2 billion. The sale resulted in a gain of $332.2 million or
   $200.7 million, net of tax.

2. In August 1998, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved a
   settlement which resolved Dominion's electric utility subsidiary's
   outstanding base rate proceedings. The settlement defined a new regulatory
   framework for Virginia's transition to a competitive environment for sales
   of electricity. The settlement included rate refunds and the write-off of
   regulatory assets which reduced after-tax earnings by $201 million in 1998.

3. In March 1999, the Governor of Virginia signed into law legislation
   establishing a detailed plan to restructure the electric utility industry in
   Virginia. The provisions of the Virginia legislation provided an opportunity
   to recover generation-related costs, including certain regulatory assets,
   through capped rates prior to July 2007. Generation-related regulatory
   assets will continue to be recognized until they are recovered through
   capped rates. Generation-related assets and liabilities that will not be
   recovered through the capped rates were written off in 1999, resulting in an
   extraordinary item, reported as an after-tax charge to earnings of $254.8
   million.

4. In January 2000, Dominion acquired the Consolidated Natural Gas Company
   (CNG) for $6.4 billion. Dominion accounted for the acquisition using the
   purchase method of accounting. For CNG's interstate pipeline and local gas
   distribution businesses that are subject to cost-based rate regulation,
   Dominion accounted for the acquisition in accordance with SFAS No. 71,
   Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation. The acquisition
   resulted in the recognition of goodwill of $3.5 billion. The goodwill is
   being amortized on a straight-line basis over a period approximating 40
   years. Beginning January 28, 2000, Dominion's consolidated financial
   statements included CNG.

5. As a result of the CNG acquisition and Dominion's desire to focus its
   businesses in the region which begins at the Mid-America Interconnected
   Network and extends northeastward through Maine, Dominion and its
   subsidiaries implemented a plan to restructure the operations of the
   combined companies during 2000. For the year ended
   December 31, 2000, Dominion recognized $460 million of restructuring and
   other acquisition-related costs. The restructuring charges included costs
   for employee severance, early retirement programs, impairments of financial
   services businesses and other costs. In addition, Dominion recognized $119
   million of other impairment charges related to its financial services
   businesses during 2000.

6. Dominion's consolidated financial statements for 2000 reflect a change in
   the method of calculating the market related value of pension plan assets
   used to determine the expected return on pension plan assets, a component of
   net periodic pension cost. Under the new method, which was adopted in the
   third quarter of 2000 and effective January 1, 2000, the market related
   value of pension plan assets reflects the difference between actual
   investment returns and expected investment returns evenly over a four-year
   period. A cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle of $21
   million (net of income taxes of $11 million) was included in 2000.

7. Dominion completed its purchase of Millstone Nuclear Power Station, located
   in Waterford, Connecticut on March 31, 2001. The purchase price of $1.3
   billion included $1.2 billion for plant assets and $105 million for nuclear
   fuel. The acquisition includes a 100% ownership interest in Unit 1 and Unit
   2 and a 93.47% ownership interest in Unit 3 for a total of 1,954 megawatts
   of generating capacity. Unit 1 is being decommissioned and is no longer in
   service. Dominion acquired the decommissioning trusts for the three units
   that were fully funded to the regulatory minimum at closing.

8. In the first quarter of 2001, Dominion completed the purchase of three
   generating facilities and terminated seven contracts that provided
   electricity to Dominion under long-term purchase agreements with non-utility
   generators. Dominion recorded a charge of $136 million after tax in
   connection with the purchase and termination of the long-term power purchase
   agreements. Cash payments related to the purchase of the three generating
   facilities totaled $207 million. The allocation of the purchase price was
   assigned to the assets and liabilities acquired based upon estimated fair
   values and future cash flows as of the date of acquisition. Substantially
   all of the value was attributed to the power purchase contracts that were
   terminated and resulted in the charge to operation and maintenance expense.

9. In June 2000, Louis Dreyfus acquired substantially all of the oil and gas
   properties of Costilla Energy, Inc. for approximately $122 million in cash.
   The acquired properties were comprised of 135 Bcfe of net proved reserves.
   In October 1997, Louis Dreyfus acquired all of the outstanding common stock
   of American Exploration Company for approximately 11.3 million shares of
   common stock valued at $193 million and $47 million in cash. In addition,
   Louis Dreyfus assumed $116 million of American Exploration long-term debt,
   $20 million liquidation value of American Exploration preferred stock and
   warrants and options valued at $10 million. The acquisition consisted of 217
   Bcfe of proved reserves, 1 million gross acres of developed leasehold,
   2 million gross acres of undeveloped leasehold and other assets and
   liabilities. Louis Dreyfus used the purchase method of accounting for both
   of these acquisitions.

                     SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

  The following selected unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated
financial data gives effect to the merger. The pro forma adjustments are based
upon available information and certain assumptions that Dominion's management
believes are reasonable. The selected unaudited pro forma combined condensed
consolidated financial data are presented for illustrative purposes only and
are not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial condition
of the combined company that would have occurred had the merger occurred at the
beginning for the periods presented, nor are the selected unaudited pro forma
combined condensed consolidated financial data necessarily indicative of future
operating results or financial position of the combined company. The selected
unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial data (i) have
been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited pro
forma combined condensed consolidated financial data and the related notes
included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus and (ii) should be read
in conjunction with the selected historical consolidated financial statements
of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

                                                            Year     Six Months
                                                            Ended      Ended
                                                        December 31, June  30,
                                                            2000        2001
                                                        ------------ ----------
(in millions--except per share amounts)

Income Statement Data
Operating revenue......................................    $9,734     $ 5,875
                                                           ======     =======
Income from continuing operations......................    $  491     $   430
                                                           ======     =======
Earnings per share--basic
  Income from continuing operations....................    $ 1.97     $  1.65
                                                           ======     =======
Earnings per share--diluted
  Income from continuing operations....................    $ 1.96     $  1.63
                                                           ======     =======

                                                                         At
                                                                      June 30,

                                                                     ----------

Balance Sheet Data
Total assets...........................................               $35,418
                                                                      =======
Capitalization:
  Long-term debt.......................................               $12,653
  Obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred securities
   of subsidiary trusts................................                   935
  Preferred stocks of subsidiary not subject to
   mandatory redemption................................                   509
  Common shareholders' equity..........................                 8,106
                                                                      -------
Total capitalization...................................               $22,203
                                                                      =======
Obligations under capital leases.......................               $    24
                                                                      =======
Book value per share...................................               $ 30.92
                                                                      =======

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial
Data.

          CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

  From time to time, Dominion and Louis Dreyfus make statements concerning
their expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other
statements that are not historical facts. These statements are "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. In some cases the reader can identify these forward-looking statements
by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "believe," "could,"
"plan," "may" or other similar words.

  Forward-looking statements are issued by Dominion and Louis Dreyfus with full
knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to
be materially different from the results predicted. Factors that could cause
actual results to differ are often presented with forward-looking statements.
In addition, other factors could cause actual results to differ materially from
those indicated in any forward-looking statement. These include:

  .  Factors affecting operations, such as:

    .  unusual weather conditions;
    .  catastrophic weather-related damage;
    .  unscheduled generation outages;
    .  unusual maintenance or repairs;
    .  unanticipated changes in fossil fuel costs, gas supply costs or
       availability constraints;
    .  environmental incidents; and
    .  electric transmission or gas pipeline system costs or availability
       constraints.

  .  State and federal legislative and regulatory developments, including
     deregulation and restructuring of the natural gas and electric utility
     industry and changes in environmental and other laws and regulations to
     which Dominion and Louis Dreyfus are subject.

  .  The timing and implementation of Dominion's business separation plan
     currently under consideration with the Virginia State Corporation
     Commission.

  .  The effects of competition, including the extent and timing of the
     entry of additional competitors in Dominion's electric or gas markets.

  .  Dominion's pursuit of potential business strategies, including
     acquisitions or dispositions of assets or the development of additional
     power generation facilities.

  .  Regulatory factors such as changes in the policies or procedures that
     set rates, changes in Dominion's ability to recover investments made
     under traditional regulation through rates, and changes to the
     frequency and timing of rate increases.

  .  Financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies imposed by
     governing bodies.

  .  Political and economic conditions and developments in the U.S. and
     Canada, including inflation rates and monetary fluctuations.

  .  Changing market conditions and other factors related to physical and
     financial energy trading activities, including price, basis, credit,
     liquidity, volatility, capacity, transmission, currency exchange rates,
     interest rates and warranty risks.

  .  Financial market conditions, including availability and costs of
     capital, and the ability of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus to obtain
     financing on favorable terms.

  .  The performance of Dominion's and Louis Dreyfus' projects and the
     success of efforts to invest in and develop new opportunities.

  .  The ultimate success and financial viability of Dominion's
     telecommunications business.

  .  Employee workforce factors, including collective bargaining agreements
     with union employees.

  .  Risks associated with exploring for, developing and producing crude oil
     and natural gas.

  .  Risks associated with large development projects.

  .  Maintenance and growth of production levels.

  .  Anticipated natural gas reserve levels.

  Dominion and Louis Dreyfus have based their forward-looking statements on
their respective management's beliefs and assumptions using information
available at the time the statements were made. Dominion and Louis Dreyfus
caution the reader not to place undue reliance on their forward-looking
statements because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections about
future events may and often do materially differ from actual results. Dominion
and Louis Dreyfus undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect developments occurring after the statements are made.

               THE SPECIAL MEETING OF LOUIS DREYFUS SHAREHOLDERS

Purpose, Time and Place

  Louis Dreyfus is soliciting your proxy for use at the special shareholders'
meeting to be held on October     , 2001 at 10:00 a.m. at the Louis Dreyfus
principal corporate office, 14000 Quail Springs Parkway, Suite 600, Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma. At the special shareholders' meeting, holders of Louis Dreyfus
common stock will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and
adopt the merger agreement providing for the merger of Louis Dreyfus with and
into a wholly owned subsidiary of Dominion.

Record Date, Quorum, Vote Required

  If you own Louis Dreyfus common stock at the close of business on September
     , 2001, the record date, you will receive notice of and will be entitled
to vote at the meeting. At the close of business on the record date,
shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock were outstanding and entitled to vote at
the special meeting, and were held by approximately        holders of record.
Louis Dreyfus common stock constitutes the only outstanding class of voting
securities of Louis Dreyfus. Votes may be cast in person or by proxy.

  The presence of holders of a majority of all of the shares of Louis Dreyfus
common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting, either in person or by
proxy, is necessary to constitute a quorum. In the event that a quorum is not
present at the special meeting, it is expected that such meeting will be
adjourned or postponed in order to solicit additional proxies. Shares
represented by proxies marked "abstain" will be counted as shares present for
purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum at the special
meeting.

  Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote by the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock as of the
record date. Abstentions and failures to vote, either in person or by proxy,
will have the effect of votes cast against the merger proposal.

  As of the close of business on the record date and excluding shares
underlying stock options, the Louis Dreyfus board of directors and executive
officers and their affiliates are deemed to be the beneficial owners of, and
have the power to vote           shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock,
representing approximately   % of the outstanding shares of Louis Dreyfus
common stock. Louis Dreyfus believes that each of its directors and executive
officers intends to vote for approval of the merger agreement.

  The Principal Shareholders own 19,150,000 shares of Louis Dreyfus common
stock, representing approximately 44% of the outstanding shares of Louis
Dreyfus common stock. The Principal Shareholders have agreed with Dominion to
vote such shares in favor of the merger agreement. See " The Merger--Principal
Shareholders Agreement."

Proxies

  Shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock represented by properly executed proxies
and received prior to the special meeting will be voted at the meeting in the
manner specified on such proxies. Physical proxies that are properly executed
but which do not contain voting instructions will be voted FOR the proposal.
Louis Dreyfus knows of no matter other than the merger proposal that will be
brought before the special meeting.

  In the event that a quorum is not present at the special meeting, or if for
any other reason Louis Dreyfus believes that additional time should be allowed
for the solicitation of proxies, Louis Dreyfus may adjourn the special meeting
with or without a vote of the shareholders.

  The grant of a proxy on the enclosed proxy card does not preclude a
shareholder from voting in person at the special meeting. A shareholder may
revoke a proxy at any time prior to its exercise by submitting to the corporate
secretary of Louis Dreyfus a written notice of revocation or a completed,
later-dated proxy card, or by attending the special meeting and voting in
person.

  The enclosed proxy is being solicited by the Louis Dreyfus board of
directors. Louis Dreyfus and Dominion are each bearing their respective share
of the cost of such solicitation of proxies, including preparation, assembly,
printing and mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus, the proxy and any
additional information furnished to shareholders. Copies of solicitation
materials will be furnished to banks, brokerage houses, fiduciaries and
custodians holding in their names shares of common stock beneficially owned by
others to forward to such beneficial owners. Louis Dreyfus may reimburse
persons representing beneficial owners of common stock for their costs of
forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Original
solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, telegram or
personal solicitation by directors, officers or other regular employees of
Louis Dreyfus. No additional compensation will be paid to directors, officers
or other regular employees for such services.

                                   THE MERGER

Description of the Merger

  At the effective time of the merger, Louis Dreyfus will merge with and into a
direct wholly owned subsidiary of Dominion organized solely for purposes of the
merger. Immediately following the merger, Dominion will contribute all of the
outstanding capital stock of the corporation surviving the merger to CNG and
the corporation surviving the merger will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
CNG.

  The certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Dominion subsidiary
immediately before the effective time of the merger will be the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation until amended. The
directors and officers of the Dominion subsidiary at the effective time of the
merger will be the directors and officers of the surviving corporation.

The Effective Time of the Merger

  Louis Dreyfus and the Dominion subsidiary will execute and file certificates
of merger with the Oklahoma Secretary of State and the Delaware Secretary of
State promptly after the day on which the last condition to completing the
merger is satisfied or waived or at such other time as Dominion and Louis
Dreyfus may agree. The merger will become effective at the time and on the date
on which those documents are filed or such other time and date on which the
parties agree and specify in those documents. That time is referred to as the
"effective time."

Background to the Merger

  As have other publicly-traded independent oil and gas companies and their
affiliates, Louis Dreyfus and the Principal Shareholders received several
inquiries and indications of interest from third parties regarding possible
business combinations over the past year. Most of these inquiries were
unsolicited. However, Louis Dreyfus consistently indicated in the course of
these inquiries that while it was not actively seeking a business combination,
it would consider proposals that were sufficiently attractive. Louis Dreyfus'
position on this issue has been relatively well-known in the investment banking
community and, as a result, Louis Dreyfus has been viewed as a potential
acquisition candidate by numerous investment banks and companies active in the
energy merger and acquisition market. Beginning in the late fall of 2000
through September 9, 2001, the date of the merger agreement with Dominion,
management of Louis Dreyfus had preliminary contacts with numerous potential
interested parties. Beginning in the late fall of 2000 through the summer of
2001, Lehman Brothers had discussions with a number of parties that Lehman
Brothers believed might have a strategic interest in a business combination
with Louis Dreyfus. Some of these contacts expressed a possible interest and
Louis Dreyfus entered into confidentiality agreements with four potential
candidates and provided confidential information to these parties. However, no
meaningful proposals were made by any of these parties.

  On May 25, 2001, Lehman Brothers advised Louis Dreyfus that it had learned
that Dominion had engaged Merrill Lynch to advise it with respect to a possible
acquisition of Louis Dreyfus. On May 31, 2001, Duane C. Radtke, the President
and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Exploration & Production, called Mark
E. Monroe, President and the Chief Executive Officer of Louis Dreyfus, to
request a meeting. On June 4, 2001, Messrs. Radtke and Monroe met, at which
time Mr. Radtke expressed interest in engaging in discussions about a possible
combination. They agreed to sign mutual confidentiality agreements.
Subsequently, on June 8, 2001, Mr. Radtke advised Mr. Monroe that he had
conferred with Thos. E. Capps, the Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer of Dominion, and expressed continued interest and requested a meeting
to review Louis Dreyfus' reserves.

  On June 13, 2001, Mr. Monroe and Ronnie K. Irani, Louis Dreyfus' Executive
Vice President--Engineering and Exploration, met with Mr. Radtke and other
representatives of Dominion in Houston to provide information concerning Louis
Dreyfus' oil and gas properties and prospects. In July 2001, Mr. Radtke advised
Mr. Monroe that Dominion was analyzing the financial and accounting
consequences of a possible transaction and would call later to schedule further
discussions.

  On August 14, 2001, Mr. Monroe and Simon Rich, the Chairman of Louis Dreyfus,
met in Houston with Mr. Radtke, Thomas N. Chewning, the Chief Financial Officer
of Dominion, and Godfrey E. Lake Jr., Senior Vice President of Dominion
Exploration & Production. At this meeting, Dominion proposed a merger for
consideration of $42.00 per Louis Dreyfus share consisting of 50% in cash and
50% in Dominion stock valued at the time of execution of the merger agreement.
Dominion also proposed an irrevocable proxy from the Principal Shareholders to
vote the shares held by them in favor of the transaction. The Louis Dreyfus
representatives expressed disappointment with this price. On August 16, 2001,
after phone calls between Messrs. Radtke and Monroe and after Louis Dreyfus
provided additional information to Dominion, Mr. Radtke advised that Dominion
would increase the combined cash and stock consideration to $44.00 per share.

  On August 20, 2001, Louis Dreyfus convened a telephonic meeting to advise the
board of directors of Louis Dreyfus of the Dominion proposal. Representatives
of Lehman Brothers provided preliminary materials to the board of directors and
indicated that they believed the proposal was in line with recent comparable
exploration and production company acquisition transactions. Mr. Monroe and
Lehman Brothers representatives reviewed the contacts that had been made by Mr.
Monroe and Lehman Brothers on an informal basis over the last several months
with other parties that had expressed an interest and noted that none of these
contacts had made a meaningful proposal. A member of Crowe & Dunlevy, legal
counsel to Louis Dreyfus, reviewed the fiduciary duties of the board of
directors. The board of directors reviewed conditions in the natural gas
industry generally and specifically the commodity price outlook for the near
term. Mr. Monroe addressed concerns about Louis Dreyfus' ability to continue to
grow at historical rates given Louis Dreyfus' current size and the competition
for attractive acquisitions. After a general discussion about various aspects
of the transaction, the board of directors authorized management to continue
negotiations and authorized Louis Dreyfus to formally engage Lehman Brothers as
its financial advisor for purposes of advising Louis Dreyfus in connection with
the transaction.

  On August 21, 2001, representatives of Louis Dreyfus, Lehman Brothers and
Louis Dreyfus' legal counsel met with representatives of Dominion, Merrill
Lynch and Dominion's counsel to discuss the Dominion proposal. At this meeting,
principal terms were discussed including the method of establishing the
exchange ratio and the terms of the irrevocable proxy of the Principal
Shareholders. Also, at this meeting, Louis Dreyfus, its counsel, Crowe &
Dunlevy, and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel for two of the Principal
Shareholders, presented their respective positions that the proposed
irrevocable proxy would not be acceptable if it materially impaired the ability
of the Louis Dreyfus board of directors to accept superior proposals or change
its recommendation in favor of this transaction. At this meeting, Dominion also
indicated that it would require as a condition to entering into the merger
agreement the concurrent execution of a forward gas sale agreement in which
Louis Dreyfus would agree to sell 48 Bcf of its gas production in 2002 to
Dominion at prevailing 2002 future prices. The arrangement was considered by
Dominion to be an integral component of its overall natural gas price risk
management strategy. The parties also discussed a schedule for additional due
diligence to be performed by Dominion and outlined the terms of a possible
merger agreement.

  On August 23, 2001, Dominion provided Louis Dreyfus with an initial draft of
a merger agreement.

  On August 23, 2001 Louis Dreyfus convened a telephonic meeting of its board
of directors to report the status of negotiations. The board of directors
discussed the different methods of fixing the exchange ratio for the stock
portion of the consideration offered and the circumstances under which the
fixed exchange ratio might adversely affect Louis Dreyfus shareholders due to a
decline in the value of the Dominion stock price between the date of the merger
agreement and the closing. The board of directors discussed the proposed gas
sale agreement and the fact that Louis Dreyfus would be unlikely to consider
such a sale absent a transaction with Dominion. Mr. Monroe noted that the
volumes represented approximately 3% of Louis Dreyfus' reserves. Mr. Monroe
also reviewed the termination fee proposal of Dominion, the anticipated timing
of a transaction and a proposal for employee severance and change in control
provisions of existing Louis Dreyfus benefit plans. The board of directors
discussed with Lehman Brothers termination fees in recent comparable
transactions and the sensitivity of total consideration to changes in Dominion
stock price. At the meeting, representatives of Lehman Brothers indicated that
they believed that none of the parties with whom Lehman Brothers had previous
discussions regarding a potential strategic combination with Louis Dreyfus
would be interested in a transaction with Louis Dreyfus with financial terms
superior to those proposed by Dominion. The board of directors authorized
management to continue negotiations.

  On Friday, August 24, 2001, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Irani and representatives of
Lehman Brothers met with representatives of Dominion and Merrill Lynch in
Houston, Texas. Mr. Irani provided a drilling update to representatives of
Dominion. Mr. Monroe engaged in discussions with representatives of Dominion
and Merrill Lynch with respect to a possible walk-away option in the event of a
decline in Dominion's stock price, the specifics of the proposed exchange ratio
for Dominion common stock, the amount of the termination fee and the ability of
Louis Dreyfus shareholders to receive Dominion's fourth quarter dividend in the
event the transaction was not closed before the record date. Dominion rejected
the walk-away right, agreed to a specified exchange ratio which would yield
total value to Louis

Dreyfus shareholders of approximately $44 per share based on Dominion's then
current stock price, agreed to reduce the proposed termination fee from $75
million plus up to $10 million in expenses to $70 million without any
reimbursement of expenses and agreed that Louis Dreyfus shareholders would
receive the fourth quarter Dominion dividend if the shareholders of Louis
Dreyfus approved the merger on or before the dividend record date.

  On the weekend of August 25 and 26, 2001 Louis Dreyfus, Lehman Brothers,
Crowe & Dunlevy and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett reviewed the draft merger
agreement and provided comments to Dominion and its counsel, McGuireWoods LLP.
Management of Louis Dreyfus also informally updated the board of directors on
the status of negotiations.

  On August 27, 2001, Mr. Radtke advised Mr. Monroe that Louis Dreyfus'
comments on the merger agreement did not present major issues. Later in the
day, however, Mr. Radtke advised Mr. Monroe that Dominion was not prepared to
move forward as a result of an approximate 12% decline in 2002 natural gas
prices during the period from August 21 to August 27, 2001. During the
remainder of the week, various negotiations occurred between Messrs. Radtke and
Monroe concerning the proposed terms.

  On August 31, 2001, Mr. Radtke advised Mr. Monroe that Dominion was prepared
to offer approximately $41.00 per share, based on Dominion's then stock price,
consisting of $20.50 in cash and 0.3226 share of Dominion common stock for each
share of Louis Dreyfus common stock. Additionally, Mr. Radtke proposed that
Louis Dreyfus shareholders would receive the fourth quarter Dominion dividend
unless Louis Dreyfus caused the closing date to occur after the record date of
the dividend. Mr. Capps advised Mr. Rich that he would present this proposal to
the Dominion board of directors and Mr. Rich indicated that he would present
the proposal to the Louis Dreyfus board of directors.

  Later that day, Dominion's counsel distributed to Louis Dreyfus' counsel
revised drafts of the proposed merger agreement, principal shareholders
agreement and gas sale agreement, and advised Louis Dreyfus' counsel that
Dominion would require that Louis Dreyfus unilaterally execute the merger
agreement and permit Dominion two days to align its gas sale price risk
management profile before Dominion would be required to execute the merger
agreement and before the fact of that execution would be publicly disclosed.
Representatives of Louis Dreyfus indicated that this proposal was unacceptable
since failure to disclose such an arrangement, which would effectively give
Dominion a unilateral option to acquire Louis Dreyfus, was not consistent with
the obligations of Louis Dreyfus under federal securities laws. Nevertheless,
in an effort to move negotiations forward, over Labor Day weekend, counsel for
Louis Dreyfus, Dominion and the Principal Shareholders negotiated the other
terms of the proposed merger agreement, principal shareholders agreement and
gas sale agreement.

  On Tuesday, September 4, 2001, Louis Dreyfus provided its board of directors
with a summary of the current negotiations along with a preliminary summary of
the terms of the contractual documents. Also on September 4, 2001, Dominion's
counsel confirmed to Louis Dreyfus' counsel that Dominion believed that the two
days required to align its gas sale price risk management profile after the
unilateral execution of the merger agreement by

Louis Dreyfus was a necessary part of Dominion's proposal. After further
consultation with its financial and legal advisors and board members, Louis
Dreyfus advised Dominion on Wednesday, September 5, that this requirement was
not acceptable.

  On the evening of September 5, 2001, the Dominion board of directors met by
teleconference with management, its counsel, and its financial advisors.
Following a presentation from management and Merrill Lynch, the Dominion board
approved the merger and authorized Mr. Capps and other Dominion executives to
negotiate the proposed merger agreement within the parameters established by
the board.

  In the evening of September 5, 2001, Mr. Capps contacted Mr. Rich and advised
that Dominion was prepared to withdraw its requirement that Louis Dreyfus
execute the merger agreement unilaterally, but only if Louis Dreyfus would
agree to a reduction in the cash component of the consideration by $0.50 per
share because of Dominion's expected increased gas sale price risk. Mr. Rich
advised Mr. Capps that he would ask the Louis Dreyfus board of directors to
consider this proposal.

  On September 6 and 7, 2001, counsel for Dominion, Louis Dreyfus and the
Principal Shareholders finalized the terms of the merger agreement, principal
shareholders agreement and gas sale agreement. Copies of these documents and
Lehman Brothers' presentation to the board of directors setting forth their
analysis of the fairness of the consideration to be offered to the shareholders
of Louis Dreyfus from a financial point of view, together with a draft of
Lehman Brothers' fairness opinion, were provided to the Louis Dreyfus board of
directors on September 8, 2001, in advance of a meeting to be held on September
9, 2001.

  During the afternoon of Sunday, September 9, 2001, the Louis Dreyfus board of
directors met at the offices of Lehman Brothers in Houston to discuss the
proposed transaction. After a management presentation describing the events
since the last board meeting, a member of Crowe & Dunlevy presented to the
Louis Dreyfus board of directors an overview of the terms and conditions of the
proposed merger agreement and gas sale agreement and advised the board of
directors as to its fiduciary duties. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett summarized for
the Louis Dreyfus board of directors the terms and conditions of the proposed
principal shareholders agreement among the Principal Shareholders and Dominion.
Representatives of Lehman Brothers then provided its financial analysis with
regard to the proposed merger agreement. Lehman Brothers then delivered its
opinion to the Louis Dreyfus board of directors to the effect that, as of the
date of its opinion and subject to the limitations and assumptions set forth in
the opinion, the consideration to be offered pursuant to the merger agreement
was fair from a financial point of view to the shareholders of Louis Dreyfus.
For a discussion of the opinion of Lehman Brothers, see "The Merger--Opinion of
Financial Advisor." After reviewing the information presented, the Louis
Dreyfus board of directors unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement which provided for the merger of Louis Dreyfus and Dominion's
subsidiary, Consolidated Natural Gas Company or another subsidiary designated
by Dominion and gas sale agreement and determined that the merger agreement and
gas sale agreement and the merger are advisable and in the best interests of
Louis Dreyfus and its shareholders. The Louis Dreyfus board of directors also
adopted a resolution recommending to Louis Dreyfus shareholders that they vote
FOR approval of the merger agreement.

  The merger agreement, the principal shareholders agreement and the gas sale
agreement were signed on September 9, 2001. Louis Dreyfus and Dominion issued a
joint press release announcing the merger on September 10, 2001 before the
stock markets opened.

  Dominion, CNG and Louis Dreyfus executed an amendment to the merger agreement
dated as of September 17, 2001. The amendment provides for the formation by
Dominion of a new corporation under Delaware law and the merger of Louis
Dreyfus into that corporation, instead of CNG as originally provided. Promptly
following the merger, Dominion will contribute all of the outstanding capital
stock of the corporation surviving the merger to CNG and the corporation
surviving the merger will become a wholly owned subsidiary of CNG.

Recommendation of the Louis Dreyfus Board of Directors and Reasons for the
Merger

  The Louis Dreyfus board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted the
merger agreement and the gas sale agreement and determined that the merger
agreement and the gas sale agreement and the merger are advisable and in the
best interests of Louis Dreyfus and its shareholders. Accordingly, the board
recommends that Louis Dreyfus shareholders vote to approve the merger
agreement.

  The Louis Dreyfus board of directors has determined that the merger is in the
best interest of Louis Dreyfus and its shareholders because it believes that
the value of the cash and the stock consideration in the combined company is
more likely than not to be superior to the value of an investment in Louis
Dreyfus as a stand-alone company. The decision of the Louis Dreyfus board of
directors to approve the merger agreement and recommend its adoption by Louis
Dreyfus' shareholders was based upon various factors, including the following:

  .  the judgment, advice and analysis of senior management of Louis Dreyfus,
     including senior management's analysis of conditions in the oil and gas
     exploration and production industry generally, including the outlook for
     natural gas prices, and strategic options available to Louis Dreyfus,
     including the risks and challenges associated with Louis Dreyfus'
     continued pursuit of its strategic plan as an independent company;

  .  the value of the cash and stock consideration offered in the merger in
     relation to historical and current market trading prices for Louis
     Dreyfus common stock and the underlying value of Louis Dreyfus' net
     assets;

  .  a review of the discussions that Louis Dreyfus management and Lehman
     Brothers have had over the last several months with various third
     parties regarding their interest in a potential business combination
     transaction and the negotiations with Dominion leading to the belief
     that the values of the Dominion proposal represented the highest price
     per share that could be negotiated for Louis Dreyfus common stock;

  .  the consideration by the Louis Dreyfus board of directors of the
     business, operations, financial position, prospects and personnel of
     Dominion and the fact that Louis Dreyfus shareholders would receive
     shares of a more diversified energy company with less price volatility,
     enhanced liquidity and with a dividend yield not available to Louis
     Dreyfus shareholders;

  .  the discussions with Louis Dreyfus' counsel and the Principal
     Shareholders' counsel regarding the terms of the merger agreement and
     the principal shareholders agreement and the ability of Louis Dreyfus
     under certain conditions to consider unsolicited alternative proposals,
     the circumstances under which the principal shareholders agreement could
     be terminated, the ability to terminate the agreement in certain
     situations and the termination fee payable in the event of the
     occurrence of certain termination events (see "The Merger--Principal
     Shareholders Agreement" and "The Merger Agreement" including "--
     Conditions of the Merger," "--No Solicitation of Competing
     Transactions," "--Termination," and "--Termination Fee"). The Louis
     Dreyfus board of directors also considered the prohibition on soliciting
     further acquisition proposals and requiring the payment of a termination
     fee to Dominion in certain events could have the effect of deterring
     alternative acquisition proposals. The board of directors concluded that
     this effect was not so great as to preclude the emergence of a higher
     offer for Louis Dreyfus and that the merger agreement contains
     appropriate provisions allowing the board to terminate the merger
     agreement in order to accept such an offer if one were made;

  .  the analysis of the terms of the gas sale agreement and the possible
     effects of that agreement on deterring alternative acquisition
     proposals;

  .  the opinion of Lehman Brothers described below that, as of the date of
     such opinion and subject to the limitations and assumptions set forth in
     the opinion, the consideration to be offered to Louis Dreyfus
     shareholders in the merger was fair from a financial point of view to
     Louis Dreyfus shareholders (see "The Merger--Opinion of Financial
     Advisor");

  .  that the merger will be accomplished, for United States federal income
     tax purposes, on a potentially tax-deferred basis, except to the extent
     of the cash consideration (see "The Merger--Material United States
     Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger"); and

  .  the circumstances under which Louis Dreyfus could refuse to consummate
     the merger due to possible decline in the market value of Dominion
     common stock or a material adverse change at Dominion between the date
     of the merger agreement and the effective time.

  The merger agreement was the end product of a process involving contacts with
a number of companies that included several interested parties who received an
initial presentation by the management of Louis Dreyfus or its investment
bankers. These companies represented various types of businesses that were
expected to have an interest in acquiring Louis Dreyfus. Four of these
companies devoted significant time and effort to studying non-public data
concerning Louis Dreyfus and a possible acquisition of Louis Dreyfus, but only
Dominion submitted a definitive proposal.

  In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the merger and
to recommend adoption of the merger agreement by Louis Dreyfus shareholders,
the Louis Dreyfus board of directors did not view any single factor as
determinative, and did not find it necessary or

practicable to assign any relative or specific weights to the various factors
considered. Furthermore, individual directors may have given differing weights
to different factors.

  The Louis Dreyfus board of directors believes that each of the factors listed
above supports the decision to adopt the merger agreement. The Louis Dreyfus
board of directors did not specifically adopt Lehman Brothers' opinion, but did
rely on it in reaching its conclusion that the merger is advisable and fair to
and in the best interests of Louis Dreyfus and its shareholders. The Louis
Dreyfus board of directors also considered it an important factor in
determining whether to approve the merger agreement. The Louis Dreyfus board of
directors was aware of the relationship between Lehman Brothers and Dominion as
described under "The Merger--Opinion of Financial Advisor" and concluded that
the ability of Lehman Brothers to act in the best interest of Louis Dreyfus had
not been compromised, and that Lehman Brothers had in fact so acted in carrying
out its assignment.

Dominion's Reasons for the Merger

  The Dominion board of directors considered several financial and strategic
benefits in approving the acquisition of Louis Dreyfus. These include:

  .  Dominion expects the acquisition to be accretive to its current 2002
     earnings per share expectations and to complement its continued
     expected earnings growth of 10% or better over the next several years;

  .  The acquisition will increase Dominion's natural gas equivalent reserve
     base by more than 60% to nearly 5 trillion cubic feet;

  .  Dominion believes the long term demand for natural gas will grow at a
     faster pace than supply, driven in large part by expected growth in
     natural gas-fired electric generation;

  .  The acquisition will give Dominion an expanded base for its gas trading
     operations in support of Dominion's strategy of trading around physical
     assets;

  .  The acquisition will expand Dominion's oil and gas exploration and
     production operating basins from five to seven; and

  .  The acquisition builds on Dominion's portfolio of repeatable lower risk
     development properties and increases Dominion's pro forma average
     reserve life from 8.8 years to 10.2 years.

What Louis Dreyfus Shareholders Will Receive in the Merger

  At the effective time of the merger, each share of Louis Dreyfus common stock
held by Louis Dreyfus shareholders other than Dominion or its subsidiaries and
Louis Dreyfus shareholders who validly exercise their appraisal rights under
Oklahoma law, shall automatically be converted into a right to receive:

  .  0.3226 of a share of Dominion common stock; and

  .  after giving effect to any required tax withholdings, a check in the
     aggregate amount of:

    .  $20.00;

    .  the amount of cash being paid in lieu of fractional shares of
       Dominion common stock; and

    .  if the merger closes on or after the record date for Dominion's
       regular quarterly dividend payable in December 2001 and/or March
       2002 cash equal to the dividend that would have been paid if the
       holder had been a Dominion shareholder on the relevant record date.
       Holders will not receive these amounts, however, if breaches by
       Louis Dreyfus of its obligations under the merger agreement cause
       the merger to occur after the relevant record date of these
       dividends.

  For a description of Dominion common stock and a description of the
comparative rights of holders of Louis Dreyfus common stock and Dominion common
stock, see "Description of Dominion Capital Stock" and "Comparative Rights of
Shareholders."

Principal Shareholders Agreement

  The following is a summary of the material terms of an agreement that
Dominion entered into with the Principal Shareholders which own approximately
44% of the outstanding common stock of Louis Dreyfus. This summary is qualified
in its entirety by reference to that agreement.

  The Principal Shareholders have agreed to vote:

  .  in favor of the approval of the terms of the merger;

  .  against any action, proposal, transaction or agreement that would
     constitute a breach in any material respect of any covenant,
     representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of
     Louis Dreyfus under the merger agreement or any of the Principal
     Shareholders under the principal shareholders agreement;

  .  except as otherwise agreed to in writing in advance by Dominion,
     against the following actions or proposals:

    .  any extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger,
       consolidation or other business combination involving Louis Dreyfus;

    .  a sale, lease or transfer of a significant part of the assets of
       Louis Dreyfus or any of its subsidiaries, or a reorganization,
       recapitalization, dissolution or liquidation of Louis Dreyfus or any
       of its subsidiaries;

    .  any change in the persons who constitute the board of directors that
       is not approved in advance by at least a majority of those who were
       directors of Louis Dreyfus at the time of the signing of the merger
       agreement;

    .  any change in the capitalization of Louis Dreyfus or any amendment
       of the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Louis Dreyfus;

    .  any other material change in the corporate structure or business of
       Louis Dreyfus; or

    .  any other action or proposal involving Louis Dreyfus that is
       intended or would reasonably be expected, to prevent, impede, or
       materially interfere with, delay or postpone the merger.

The Principal Shareholders also appointed Dominion, or its designee, as proxy
to vote their shares at any meeting of the Louis Dreyfus shareholders called
with respect to the matters described above.

  If the Louis Dreyfus board of directors decides that it has a fiduciary
obligation to not recommend to Louis Dreyfus shareholders that they approve the
merger, the Principal Shareholders are only required to vote approximately two-
thirds of the shares owned by them (approximately 29% of the outstanding Louis
Dreyfus common stock) in favor of the merger.

  The voting agreement terminates if the merger agreement terminates for any
reason, including if Louis Dreyfus terminates the merger agreement to accept a
superior proposal.

  The agreement also restricts the ability of the Principal Shareholders to
sell the shares they receive in the merger. The Principal Shareholders may not
sell the shares of Dominion common stock they receive in the merger for 90 days
after the merger is complete. For the 12 months following the expiration of
that 90 day period, the Principal Shareholders have agreed not to sell more
than ten percent (10%) of the shares they receive in the merger in any calendar
month, unless Dominion agrees to allow them to sell more.

Gas Sale Agreement between Dominion and Louis Dreyfus

  In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Louis Dreyfus
entered into a gas sale agreement with Dominion Exploration & Production, a
wholly owned subsidiary of Dominion. The agreement calls for Louis Dreyfus to
deliver approximately 48 Bcf of natural gas at the rate of approximately 4 Bcf
per month for twelve months beginning in January 2002 to Dominion Exploration &
Production at a weighted average price of approximately $3.03 per Mcf. The
purpose of this transaction was to allow Dominion to align Louis Dreyfus'
estimated production for 2002 with Dominion's overall risk management strategy.
The gas sale agreement will survive any termination of the merger agreement.

  The 48 Bcf of gas subject to this gas sale agreement represents approximately
3% of Louis Dreyfus' estimated proved reserves as of June 30, 2001. The gas
sale agreement may be detrimental or beneficial to Louis Dreyfus if the merger
is not consummated depending on whether market prices for natural gas in 2002
are above or below the contract price.

Source of Funds

  Dominion expects initially to finance the cash component of the merger with a
bridge loan or short term commercial paper. After the merger, Dominion plans to
replace the short term financing with a combination of trust preferred
securities and long term debt issued by either Dominion or CNG.

Opinion of Financial Advisor

  Lehman Brothers has acted as financial advisor to Louis Dreyfus in connection
with the proposed transaction. On September 9, 2001, Lehman Brothers rendered
its opinion to the board that as of such date, and based upon and subject to
certain matters stated in the opinion letter from a financial point of view,
the consideration to be offered to the Louis Dreyfus shareholders in the merger
was fair to such shareholders.

  THE FULL TEXT OF LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION DATED SEPTEMBER 9, 2001 IS INCLUDED
AS ANNEX C TO THIS DOCUMENT AND IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. HOLDERS OF
LOUIS DREYFUS COMMON STOCK MAY READ LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION FOR A DISCUSSION
OF THE PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, FACTORS CONSIDERED, ASSUMPTIONS MADE AND
QUALIFICATIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY LEHMAN BROTHERS IN
CONNECTION WITH ITS OPINION.

  LEHMAN BROTHERS' ADVISORY SERVICES AND OPINION WERE PROVIDED FOR THE
INFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS
CONSIDERATION OF THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. LEHMAN BROTHERS' OPINION IS NOT
INTENDED TO BE AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY SHAREHOLDER OF
LOUIS DREYRFUS AS TO WHETHER TO VOTE FOR OR AGAINST THE MERGER. LEHMAN BROTHERS
WAS NOT REQUESTED TO OPINE AS TO, AND ITS OPINION DOES NOT IN ANY MANNER
ADDRESS, LOUIS DREYFUS' UNDERLYING BUSINESS DECISION (i) TO PROCEED WITH OR
EFFECT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION OR (ii) TO ENTER INTO THE GAS SALE AGREEMENT.

  In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers reviewed or considered, among
other things:

  .  the merger agreement, the principal shareholders agreement and the
     specific terms of the proposed transaction;

  .  publicly available information concerning Louis Dreyfus and Dominion
     that Lehman Brothers believed to be relevant to its analysis, including
     Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and
     Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31 and June
     30, 2001;

  .  financial and operating information with respect to the business,
     operations and prospects of Louis Dreyfus furnished to Lehman Brothers
     by Louis Dreyfus;

  .  financial and operating information with respect to the business,
     operations and prospects of Dominion furnished to Lehman Brothers by
     Dominion;

  .  certain estimates prepared by Louis Dreyfus of Louis Dreyfus' proved
     and non-proved reserves and future production, revenue, operating costs
     and capital investment;

  .  certain estimates of Louis Dreyfus' proved reserves audited by Ryder
     Scott Company L.P., Louis Dreyfus' third party reserve engineers;

  .  the trading history of the common stock of Louis Dreyfus and Dominion
     from September 5, 2000 to September 7, 2001 and a comparison of those
     trading histories with each other and with those of other companies
     that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

  .  a comparison of the historical financial results and present financial
     condition of Louis Dreyfus and Dominion with each other and with those
     other companies that Lehman Brothers deemed relevant;

  .  a comparison of the financial terms of the proposed transaction with
     the financial terms of certain other transactions that Lehman Brothers
     deemed relevant;

  .  earnings estimates for Louis Dreyfus and Dominion published by research
     analysts;

  .  the potential pro forma effects of the proposed transaction on the
     future financial performance of Dominion, including the cost savings,
     operating synergies and strategic benefits expected to result from a
     combination of the businesses of Louis Dreyfus and Dominion; and

  .  discussions with third parties by Louis Dreyfus and Lehman Brothers
     regarding such third parties' interest in a purchase of all or a part
     of Louis Dreyfus.

  In addition, Lehman Brothers had discussions with the management of Louis
Dreyfus and Dominion concerning their businesses, operations, assets, financial
condition, prospects, reserves, production profiles and exploration programs
and undertook such other studies, analyses and investigations as Lehman
Brothers deemed appropriate.

  In arriving at its opinion, Lehman Brothers assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information used by Lehman
Brothers without assuming any responsibility for independent verification of
such information and further relied upon the assurances of the managements of
Louis Dreyfus and Dominion that they are not aware of any facts or
circumstances that would make such information inaccurate or misleading. With
respect to the financial projections of Louis Dreyfus and the estimates of
proved and non-proved reserves and future production, revenue, operating costs
and capital investment of Louis Dreyfus, upon advice of Louis Dreyfus, Lehman
Brothers assumed that such projections and estimates have been reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of Louis Dreyfus' management as to the future performance of Louis
Dreyfus and that Louis Dreyfus will perform substantially in accordance with
such projections and estimates. With respect to the financial projections of
Dominion, upon advice of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus, Lehman Brothers assumed
that such projections had been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of Dominion's management as to
the future financial performance of Dominion and that Dominion would perform
substantially in accordance with such projections. In arriving at its opinion,
Lehman Brothers did not conduct a physical inspection of the properties and
facilities of Louis Dreyfus or Dominion and did not make or obtain any
evaluations or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Louis Dreyfus or
Dominion, other than the estimates of Louis Dreyfus' proved reserves audited by
Ryder Scott Company L.P. Upon advice of Louis Dreyfus and its legal and
accounting advisors, Lehman

Brothers assumed the shareholders of Louis Dreyfus would recognize gain only to
the extent of the lesser of such gain or the cash received (but would not
recognize loss). Lehman Brothers' opinion necessarily was based upon market,
economic and other conditions as they existed on, and could be evaluated as of,
September 9, 2001.

  In arriving at its opinion, Louis Dreyfus did not authorize Lehman Brothers
to formally solicit, and Lehman Brothers did not so solicit, any indications of
interest from any third party with respect to the purchase of all or a part of
Louis Dreyfus. In addition, Lehman Brothers was not requested to and did not
express any opinion as to the prices at which shares of Dominion's common stock
would trade following the announcement or consummation of the proposed
transaction.

  In connection with rendering its opinion, Lehman Brothers performed certain
financial, comparative and other analyses as described below. In arriving at
its opinion, Lehman Brothers did not ascribe a specific range of value to Louis
Dreyfus, but rather made its determination as to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the consideration per share to be offered to Louis Dreyfus
shareholders in the proposed transaction on the basis of the analysis described
below. The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as
to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial and comparative
analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances,
and, therefore, such an opinion is not readily susceptible to summary
description. Furthermore, in arriving at its fairness opinion, Lehman Brothers
did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor considered by
it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance
of each analysis and factor. Accordingly, Lehman Brothers believes that its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that considering any portion of such
analyses and the factors considered, without considering all analyses and
factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying
the opinion. In its analyses, Lehman Brothers made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Louis Dreyfus and
Dominion. Any estimates contained in the analyses are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than as set forth in the analyses.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses could actually be sold.

 Valuation Analysis: Louis Dreyfus

  Lehman Brothers performed a valuation of Louis Dreyfus using the following
methodologies: net asset valuation analysis, comparable companies analysis and
comparable transactions analysis. Each of these methodologies was used to
generate a reference enterprise value range for Louis Dreyfus. The enterprise
value range was adjusted for appropriate on and off balance sheet assets and
liabilities to arrive at an equity value range (in aggregate dollars). The
equity value range was divided by fully diluted shares outstanding which is
comprised of primary shares and outstanding options. The per share equity value
ranges were then compared to the consideration to be offered to Louis Dreyfus

shareholders in the merger. The implied per share equity values derived using
the various valuation methodologies described above supported the conclusion
that, as of September 9, 2001, the consideration offered to Louis Dreyfus
shareholders in the proposed transaction was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the shareholders.

  The various valuation methodologies noted above and the implied per share
equity values derived from these methodologies are included in the following
table. This table should be read together with the more detailed descriptions
set forth below. The table alone does not constitute a complete description of
the financial and comparative analyses performed by Lehman Brothers.
Considering the implied per share equity values without considering the
narrative description of the financial analyses, including the assumptions
underlying these analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the
process underlying, and conclusions represented by, Lehman Brothers' opinion.

                                       SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF       IMPLIED EQUITY
     VALUATION METHODOLOGY             VALUATION METHODOLOGY        VALUE PER SHARE
     ---------------------             ----------------------       ---------------

Net asset valuation analysis     Net present valuation of after-
                                 tax cash flows generated by
                                 proved reserves using selected
                                 hydrocarbon pricing scenarios (as
                                 described below) and discount
                                 rates plus evaluation of non-
                                 proved reserves and other assets
                                 and liabilities

                                 -- Case I Commodity Prices          $27.73-$31.30

                                 -- Case II Commodity Prices         $33.21-$37.81

                                 -- Case III Commodity Prices        $39.75-$44.94

Comparable companies analysis    Market valuation benchmark based
                                 on the common stock trading
                                 multiples of selected comparable
                                 companies for selected financial
                                 and asset-based measures
                                 excluding incorporation of a
                                 control premium                     $28.86-$33.24
                                 Comparable companies valuation
                                 analysis incorporating a
                                 theoretical 20% control premium     $34.64-$39.89

Comparable transactions          Market valuation benchmark based
 analysis                        on consideration paid in selected
                                 comparable transactions             $37.62-$48.57

Consideration offered to Louis
Dreyfus shareholders in the
merger calculated using closing
stock prices as of September 7,
2001                                                                        $40.20

  Net Asset Valuation Analysis. Lehman Brothers estimated the present value of
the future after-tax cash flows expected to be generated from Louis Dreyfus'
proved reserves as of March 31, 2001, based on estimated reserves and
production cost estimates, as adjusted to take into account such reserve and
production costs estimates as of June 30, 2001, and a range of discount rates
as described below and assuming a tax rate of 38%, all as provided

by Louis Dreyfus' management and discussed with Louis Dreyfus' management.
Lehman Brothers added to such estimated values for proved reserves assessments
of the value of certain other assets and liabilities of Louis Dreyfus,
including probable and possible reserves, its exploration portfolio, Louis
Dreyfus' commodity hedging portfolio and Louis Dreyfus' net operating loss
carryforwards. The net asset valuation analysis was performed under three
natural gas price scenarios (Case I, Case II and Case III), which are described
below.

  The natural gas and oil price forecasts employed by Lehman Brothers were
based on New York Mercantile Exchange ("NYMEX") price forecasts (assuming Henry
Hub, Louisiana delivery for natural gas and West Texas Intermediate, Cushing,
Oklahoma delivery for oil) from which adjustments were made to reflect location
and quality differentials. NYMEX gas price quotations are stated in heating
value equivalents per million British Thermal Units ("MMBtu"), which are
adjusted to reflect the value per thousand cubic feet ("MCF") of gas. NYMEX oil
price quotations are stated in dollars per barrel of crude oil. The table below
presents a summary of natural gas and oil price forecasts employed by Lehman
Brothers for each pricing case.

                                                                     ESCALATION
HENRY HUB ($/MMBTU)               2001E  2002E  2003E  2004E  02005E THEREAFTER
-------------------               ------ ------ ------ ------ ------ ----------

Case I........................... $3.00  $3.00  $3.00  $3.00  $3.00     0.0%
Case II.......................... $3.31  $3.13  $3.31  $3.33  $3.41     2.5%
Case III......................... $4.00  $4.00  $4.00  $4.00  $4.00     0.0%

                                                                     ESCALATION
WEST TEXAS INTERMEDIATE ($/BBL)   2001E  2002E  2003E  2003E  2003E  THEREAFTER
-------------------------------   ------ ------ ------ ------ ------ ----------

Case I........................... $18.00 $18.00 $18.00 $18.00 $18.00    0.0%
Case II.......................... $27.37 $25.47 $23.22 $22.32 $21.56    2.5%
Case III......................... $25.00 $25.00 $25.00 $25.00 $25.00    0.0%

  The following table summarizes the discount rate ranges Lehman Brothers
employed to estimate the present value of the future after-tax cash flows for
each of the different reserve categories.

                                                                       Low  High
Reserve Category                                                       Case Case
----------------                                                       ---- ----

Proved Developed Producing............................................ 10%   8%
Proved Developed Non-producing........................................ 12%  10%
Proved Undeveloped.................................................... 15%  13%

  To arrive at a range of values for Louis Dreyfus' non-proved reserves, 50%,
25% and 10% of the implied per unit value of proved reserves was applied to
estimated reserve quantities of Louis Dreyfus' probable reserves, possible
reserves and exploration portfolio, respectively.

  The net asset valuation analysis resulted in implied per share equity values
of $27.73 to $31.30 for Case I; $33.21 to $37.81 for Case II; and $39.75 to
$44.94 for Case III. The consideration of $40.20 per share offered to Louis
Dreyfus shareholders in the merger exceeds the high end of the valuation ranges
for Case I and II and falls within the range for Case III.

  Comparable Companies Analysis. Lehman Brothers reviewed the public stock
market trading multiples for the following exploration and production
companies:

  .  Burlington Resources Inc.

  .  Devon Energy Corporation

  .  EOG Resources, Inc.

  .  Noble Affiliates, Inc.

  .  XTO Energy Inc.

  Using publicly available information including certain published equity
research estimates from Lehman Brothers, Lehman Brothers calculated and
analyzed equity and adjusted capitalization multiples of certain historical and
projected financial and operating criteria such as earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation, depletion, amortization and exploration expenses
("EBITDE"), proved reserves and discretionary cash flow. The adjusted
capitalization of each company was obtained by adding its long-term debt to the
sum of the market value of the common equity, the value of its preferred stock
and the book value of any minority interest, and subtracting cash balances. The
projected 2001 and 2002 EBITDE multiple ranges were determined to be 3.5x to
4.0x and 5.0x to 5.5x, respectively. Proved reserve multiple ranges were
determined to be $0.95 to $1.15 per thousand cubic feet of gas equivalent
("Mcfe"); the multiples were applied to Louis Dreyfus' proved reserve
estimates, as of December 31, 2000. The appropriate projected 2001 and 2002
discretionary cash flow multiple ranges were determined to be 3.0x to 3.5x and
4.5x to 5.0x, respectively.

  This methodology yielded valuations for Louis Dreyfus that implied a per
share equity value range of $28.86 to $33.24. Additionally, a theoretical
control premium was applied to reflect potential additional per share value of
owning a majority interest in the equity of Louis Dreyfus. This control premium
was estimated to be 20%. This methodology yielded valuations for Louis Dreyfus
that implied a per share equity value range of $34.64 to $39.89. The
consideration of $40.20 per share offered to Louis Dreyfus shareholders in the
merger exceeds the high end of this valuation range.

  Because of the inherent differences between the corporate structure,
businesses, operations and prospects of Louis Dreyfus and the corporate
structure, businesses, operations and prospects of the companies included in
the comparable company group, Lehman Brothers believed that it was
inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative
results of the analysis and, accordingly, also made qualitative judgments
concerning differences between the financial and operating characteristics of
Louis Dreyfus and the companies in the comparable company group that would
affect the public trading values of Louis Dreyfus and such comparable
companies.

  Comparable Transactions Analysis. Lehman Brothers reviewed certain publicly
available information on selected exploration and production corporate level
and asset level acquisition transactions which were announced or took place
from February 1997 to September 2001. Some of the more recent transactions
reviewed include the following:

  .  Devon Energy Corporation / Anderson Exploration Ltd.

  .  Devon Energy Corporation / Mitchell Energy & Development Corp.

  .  Hunt Oil Company / Chieftain International Inc.

  .  El Paso Corporation / Velvet Exploration Ltd.

  .  Westport Resources Corporation / Belco Oil & Gas Corp.

  .  Samson Canada Ltd. / Courage Energy Inc.

  .  Conoco Inc. / Gulf Canada Resources Ltd.

  .  Unocal Corporation / Tethys Energy Inc.

  .  Kerr-McGee Corp. / HS Resources, Inc.

  .  Williams Companies, Inc. / Barrett Resources Corporation

  .  Talisman Energy Inc. / Petromet Resources Ltd.

  .  Vintage Petroleum, Inc. / Genesis Exploration Ltd.

  .  Amerada Hess Corp / LLOG Exploration Co.

  .  PrimeWest Energy Trust / Cypress Energy Inc.

  .  Anadarko Petroleum / Berkley Petroleum

  .  Calpine Corporation / Encal Energy

  .  Newfield Exploration Co. / Lariat Petroleum, Inc.

  .  USX Marathon Group / Pennaco Energy, Inc.

  .  Stone Energy Corp. / Basin Exploration, Inc.

  For each transaction, relevant transaction multiples were analyzed including:
total purchase price (equity purchase price plus assumed obligations) divided
by estimated EBITDE; total purchase price, adjusted by the value allocated to
non-proved reserves, divided by proved oil and natural gas reserves on an Mcfe
basis; and equity purchase price divided by estimated discretionary cash flow.
The appropriate EBITDE multiple range was determined to be 4.5x to 5.5x. The
appropriate proved reserve multiple range was determined to be $1.25 to $1.50
per Mcfe. The appropriate discretionary cash flow multiple range was determined
to be 4.0x to 5.0x.

  This methodology yielded valuations for Louis Dreyfus that implied per share
equity values ranging from $37.62 to $48.57. The consideration of $40.20 per
share offered to Louis Dreyfus shareholders in the merger falls within this
range.

  Because the market conditions, rationale and circumstances surrounding each
of the transactions analyzed were specific to each transaction and because of
the inherent differences between the businesses, operations and prospects of
Louis Dreyfus and the acquired businesses analyzed, Lehman Brothers believed
that it was inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the
quantitative results of the analysis and, accordingly, also made qualitative
judgments concerning differences between the characteristics of each of these
transactions and the proposed transaction.

 Exploration and Production Transaction Premiums Analysis

  Lehman Brothers reviewed certain publicly available information related to
selected exploration and production corporate transactions to calculate the
amount of the premiums paid by the acquirers to the acquired company's
shareholders. Lehman Brothers analyzed transactions that were announced or took
place from July 1997 to September 2001. Some of the more recent transactions
reviewed include the following:

  .  Devon Energy Corporation / Anderson Exploration Ltd.

  .  Devon Energy Corporation / Mitchell Energy & Development Corp.

  .  Hunt Oil Company / Chieftain International Inc.

  .  Westport Resources Corporation / Belco Oil & Gas Corp.

  .  Conoco Inc. / Gulf Canada Resources Ltd.

  .  Kerr-McGee Corp. / HS Resources, Inc.

  .  Williams Companies, Inc. / Barrett Resources Corporation

  Lehman Brothers calculated the premiums paid by the acquirer by comparing the
per share purchase price in each transaction to the historical stock price of
the acquired company as of one day, one week and one month prior to the
announcement date. Lehman Brothers compared the premiums paid in the precedent
transactions to the premium levels implied by the $40.20 consideration offered
to Louis Dreyfus shareholders in the merger. The table below sets forth the
summary results of the analysis:

                                                    Percentage Premium to the
                                                   Price Prior to Transaction
                                                          Announcement
                                                  -----------------------------
Selected Transactions                              1-DAY   1-WEEK     4-WEEKS
---------------------                             ------- --------- -----------

Mean............................................   18.1%    22.1%      23.6%
Median..........................................   19.1%    23.8%      24.2%
Premium offered to Louis Dreyfus shareholders in
 the merger.....................................   22.0%    20.9%      32.4%

 Valuation Analysis: Dominion

  Lehman Brothers performed a valuation of Dominion using the following
methodologies: discounted cash flow analysis, comparable companies analysis,
comparable transactions analysis, and segment comparable transactions analysis.
Each of these methodologies was used to generate a reference enterprise value
range for Dominion. The enterprise value range was adjusted for appropriate on
and off balance sheet assets and liabilities to arrive at an equity value range
(in aggregate dollars). The equity value range was divided by fully diluted
shares outstanding which is comprised of primary shares and outstanding
options. The per share equity value ranges were then compared to the value per
Dominion share on September 7, 2001. The implied per share equity values
derived using the various valuation methodologies described above supported the
conclusion that, as of September 9, 2001, the consideration offered to Louis
Dreyfus shareholders in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to
the shareholders.

  The various valuation methodologies noted above and the implied per share
equity values derived from these methodologies are included in the following
table. This table should be read together with the more detailed descriptions
set forth below. The table alone does not constitute a complete description of
the financial and comparative analyses. Considering the implied per share
equity values without considering the narrative description of the financial
analyses, including the assumptions underlying these analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying, and conclusions
represented by, Lehman Brothers' opinion.

                                                                           IMPLIED EQUITY
                                       SUMMARY DESCRIPTION OF                VALUE PER
 VALUATION METHODOLOGY                 VALUATION METHODOLOGY                   SHARE
 ---------------------    ------------------------------------------------ --------------

Discounted cash flow      Net present valuation of management projections
 analysis                 of after-tax cash flows using selected discount
                          rates and terminal value multiples               $58.54-$81.48

Comparable companies      Market valuation benchmark based on the common
 analysis                 stock trading multiples of selected comparable
                          companies for selected financial and asset-based
                          measures excluding incorporation of a control
                          premium                                          $53.74-$65.74

Comparable transactions   Market valuation benchmark based on
 analysis                 consideration paid in selected comparable
                          transactions                                     $57.74-$81.74

Segment comparable        Market valuation benchmark based on
transactions analysis     consideration paid in selected comparable
                          transactions in each of Dominion's primary
                          business segments, including Dominion's Energy
                          segment, Delivery segment and Exploration and
                          Production segment                               $51.74-$77.74

Value per Dominion share
based on September 7,
2001 closing price                                                                $62.63

  Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Lehman Brothers estimated the present value of
the future after-tax cash flows expected to be generated from Dominion's
operations based on information and projections provided by Dominion for the
years 2001 through 2005, multiples to estimate the terminal value, and discount
rates of 9.5% and 8.5% for the low and high ends of the discounted cash flow
analysis range, respectively, and assuming a tax rate of 38.0%. Unlike the net
asset valuation analysis performed on Louis Dreyfus, which was an analysis of
the value of the after-tax cash flows generated by Louis Dreyfus' depleting
asset base over a finite period of time, the discounted cash flow analysis
performed on Dominion assumes that Dominion's operations continue as a going
concern in perpetuity.

  The aggregate discounted cash flow analysis resulted in implied per share
equity values of $58.54 to $81.48. The value per Dominion share of $62.63 on
September 7, 2001 falls within this valuation range.

  Comparable Companies Analysis. Lehman Brothers reviewed the public stock
market trading multiples for the following integrated energy companies:

  .  Duke Energy Corp.

  .  Dynegy Inc.

  .  El Paso Corporation

  .  Enron Corp.

  .  Exelon Corp.

  .  NiSource Inc.

  .  The Williams Companies, Inc.

  Using publicly available information including certain published equity
research estimates from Lehman Brothers and third party research analysts,
Lehman Brothers calculated and analyzed equity and adjusted capitalization
multiples of certain historical and projected financial and operating criteria
such as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, depletion, and
amortization expense ("EBITDA"), earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT")
and net income. The adjusted capitalization of each company was obtained by
adding its long-term debt to the sum of the market value of the common equity,
the value of its preferred stock and the book value of any minority interest,
and subtracting cash balances. The projected 2001 and 2002 EBITDA multiple
ranges were determined to be 8.0x to 8.5x and 7.0x to 7.5x, respectively. The
projected 2001 and 2002 EBIT multiple ranges were determined to be 10.5x to
11.5x and 9.0x to 10.0x, respectively. The appropriate projected 2001 and 2002
net income multiple ranges were determined to be 14.0x to 15.0x and 12.0x to
13.0x, respectively.

  This methodology yielded valuations for Dominion that implied a per share
equity value range of $53.74 to $65.74. The value per Dominion share of $62.63
on September 7, 2001 falls within this valuation range.

  Because of the inherent differences between the corporate structure,
businesses, operations and prospects of Dominion and the corporate structure,
businesses, operations and prospects of the companies included in the
comparable company group, Lehman Brothers believed that it was inappropriate
to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative results of the
analysis and, accordingly, also made qualitative judgments concerning
differences between the financial and operating characteristics of Dominion and
the companies in the comparable company group that would affect the public
trading values of Dominion and such comparable companies.

  Comparable Transactions Analysis. Lehman Brothers reviewed certain publicly
available information on selected transactions involving companies in the
natural gas and power transmission and distribution sectors which were
announced or took place from June 1996 to May 2001 including the following:

  .  FirstEnergy Corp. / GPU Inc.

  .  FPL Group, Inc. / Entergy Corp.

  .  El Paso Energy Corporation / The Coastal Corporation

  .  PowerGen plc / LG&E Energy Corp.

  .  Consolidated Edison / Northeast Utilities

  .  PECO Energy / Unicom Corp.

  .  Carolina Power & Light Co. / Florida Progress Corporation

  .  NiSource Inc. / Columbia Energy Group

  .  Dynegy Inc. / Illinova Corp.

  .  Dominion Resources, Inc. / Consolidated Natural Gas Company

  .  El Paso Energy Corporation / Sonat Inc.

  .  Scottish Power plc / PacifiCorp

  .  Duke Energy Field Services / Canadian Midstream Services Ltd.

  .  CalEnergy Co. / MidAmerican Energy Holdings

  .  American Electric Power Co. / Central & South West Corp.

  .  MidCon Gas Products / KN Energy

  .  LG&E Energy Corp. / KU Energy

  .  Duke Power Co. / PanEnergy Corp.

  .  Houston Industries / NorAm Energy Corp.

  .  El Paso Energy Corporation / Tenneco Energy

  For each transaction, relevant transaction multiples were analyzed including:
total purchase price (equity purchase price plus assumed obligations) divided
by latest twelve month ("LTM") and one year forward estimated EBITDA and EBIT.
The appropriate LTM and one year forward estimated EBITDA multiple ranges were
determined to be 9.0x to 11.0x and 8.0x and 9.5x, respectively. The appropriate
LTM and one year forward estimated EBIT multiple ranges were determined to be
14.0x to 16.0x and 11.0x to 13.0x, respectively.

  This methodology yielded valuations for Dominion that implied a per share
equity value range of $57.74 to $81.74. The value per Dominion share of $62.63
on September 7, 2001 falls within this valuation range.

  Because the market conditions, rationale and circumstances surrounding each
of the transactions analyzed were specific to each transaction and because of
the inherent differences between the businesses, operations and prospects of
Dominion and the acquired businesses analyzed, Lehman Brothers believed that it
was inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative
results of the analysis and, accordingly, also made qualitative judgments
concerning differences between the characteristics of each of these
transactions and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
involving Dominion.

  Segment Comparable Transactions Analysis. Lehman Brothers also performed a
comparable transactions analysis for the business segments of Dominion
including Dominion's Energy segment, Delivery segment and Exploration and
Production segment, as referenced and described in certain of Dominion's
publicly available information. For each segment, a different group of
comparable transactions was examined. The segment enterprise value ranges
calculated were added together to calculate an enterprise value range for
Dominion.

  This methodology yielded valuations for Dominion that implied a per share
equity range of $51.74 to $77.74. The value per Dominion share of $62.63 on
September 7, 2001 falls within this valuation range.

  Because the market conditions, rationale and circumstances surrounding each
of the transactions analyzed were specific to each transaction and because of
the inherent differences between the businesses, operations and prospects of
Dominion and the acquired businesses analyzed, Lehman Brothers believed that it
was inappropriate to, and therefore did not, rely solely on the quantitative
results of the analysis and, accordingly, also made qualitative judgments
concerning differences between the characteristics of each of these
transactions and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
involving Dominion.

 Pro Forma Merger Consequences Analysis

  Lehman Brothers analyzed the pro forma impact of the merger on Dominion's
projected earnings per share and cash flow from operations per share. Projected
net income and cash flow from operations for fiscal years 2001 and 2002 was
based on the financial and operating projections provided by Louis Dreyfus and
Dominion. The pro forma results reflected the following adjustments: (a) the
inclusion of $10 million in pretax synergies; (b) the additional depreciation
and depletion expense associated with the purchase accounting write-up of Louis
Dreyfus' assets to the offer consideration; and (c) the additional interest
expense of Dominion associated with the financing of the cash portion of the
consideration to be offered to Louis Dreyfus. Based on the these assumptions,
Lehman Brothers' analysis indicated that the merger would be accretive to
Dominion's 2002 earnings per share by approximately 2.9%, and would be
accretive to Dominion's 2002 cash flow from operations per share by
approximately 8.5%.

 About Lehman Brothers

  Lehman Brothers is an internationally recognized investment banking firm
engaged in, among other things, the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.
Louis Dreyfus selected Lehman Brothers because of its expertise, reputation and
familiarity with Louis Dreyfus and because its investment banking professionals
have substantial experience in transactions comparable to the merger.

  Lehman Brothers has acted as financial advisor to Louis Dreyfus in connection
with the proposed transaction and Louis Dreyfus has paid Lehman Brothers an
advisory fee of $1 million which includes the fees for its fairness opinion. In
addition, Louis Dreyfus has agreed to pay Lehman Brothers a transaction fee of
$7 million upon the consummation of the proposed transaction. In addition,
Louis Dreyfus has agreed to indemnify Lehman Brothers for certain liabilities
that may arise out of the rendering of this opinion.

  Lehman Brothers has also performed various investment banking services for
Louis Dreyfus in the past and has received customary fees for these services.
Lehman Brothers has also performed various investment banking services for
Dominion in the past and has received customary fees for these services. Lehman
Brothers may continue to provide such investment banking services to Dominion
in the future. In the ordinary course of business, Lehman Brothers actively
trades in the securities of Louis Dreyfus and Dominion for its own account and
for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long
or short position in such securities.

Appraisal Rights of Shareholders

  Pursuant to Section 1091 of the Oklahoma General Corporation Act, a
shareholder of Louis Dreyfus who follows the procedure set forth in such
section may receive a cash payment equal to the "fair value" (exclusive of any
element of value arising from accomplishment or expectation of the merger) of
his or her shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock if the merger is completed.
This procedure must be followed precisely in order to perfect the rights of
dissenting shareholders.

  To be entitled to a cash payment through this procedure, a shareholder of
Louis Dreyfus must deliver a written demand for appraisal of his or her shares
to Louis Dreyfus. The written demand must identify the shareholder and
reasonably inform Louis Dreyfus that he or she intends thereby to demand
appraisal of his or her shares and must be delivered to Louis Dreyfus before
the taking of the vote on the merger. A proxy or vote against the merger does
not constitute such a demand. Within 10 days after the effective time of the
merger, Louis Dreyfus will notify each dissenting shareholder who has complied
with the procedure of separate written demand and who has not voted in favor of
the merger, that the merger has become effective. Within 120 days after the
effective time of the merger, a dissenting shareholder may file a petition in
the District Court of Oklahoma County in the State of Oklahoma demanding a
determination of the value of the shares of all dissenting shareholders.
However, at any time within 60 days after the effective time of the merger, any
dissenting shareholder has the right to withdraw the demand for appraisal and
accept the terms offered in the merger. Within 120 days after the effective
time of the merger, any dissenting shareholder, upon written request, will be
entitled to receive from Dominion a statement setting forth the aggregate
number of shares not voted in favor of the merger and with respect to which
demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of
such shares. This written statement must be made available to the requesting
dissenting shareholder within 10 days after written request is received by
Dominion, or within 10 days after the date the vote on the merger is taken.

  Upon determining the dissenting shareholders entitled to an appraisal, the
District Court shall appraise the shares, determine their fair value exclusive
of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
merger, together with a fair rate of interest, if any. The Court will direct
the payment of the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by
Dominion to the dissenting shareholders entitled thereto. The costs of the
proceeding may be determined by the District Court and taxed upon the parties
as the Court deems equitable under the circumstances. Upon application of a
dissenting shareholder, the Court may order all or portion of the expenses
incurred by any dissenting shareholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
shares entitled to an appraisal. No cash payments will be made to a dissenting
shareholder until the fair value of his or her shares has been determined by
the District Court in accordance with the procedure summarized above.

  The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete statement of Section
1091 of the Oklahoma General Corporation Act relating to the rights of
dissenting shareholders, a copy of which is included as Annex D.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

 Scope of Discussion

  This discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences
of the merger that apply to certain holders of Louis Dreyfus common stock. It
is not a complete analysis of all potential U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger that may be relevant to you in light of your
particular circumstances. In addition, this discussion does not provide
information as to the tax consequences of the merger under state, local, or
foreign laws.

  This discussion applies only to persons that hold shares of Louis Dreyfus
common stock as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the
Internal Revenue Code. It does not apply to particular categories of holders of
shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock, including holders of Louis Dreyfus common
stock:

  .  who received shares upon the exercise of an option, warrant or other
     similar security or otherwise as compensation;

  .  who hold shares as part of a hedge, constructive sale, wash sale,
     straddle, conversion transaction, synthetic security, or other
     integrated investment; or

  .  who are subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax
     laws, such as financial institutions, insurance companies, tax-exempt
     organizations, dealers in securities, traders in securities who elect
     to mark to market, investment companies, Non-U.S. Persons, as defined
     in the discussion below, or persons whose functional currency is not
     the U.S. dollar.

  This discussion is based on and subject to the current provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, Treasury regulations, administrative
rulings, and court

decisions, all as of the date hereof. These provisions, regulations, rulings,
and decisions may change at any time, and the changes may apply retroactively.
Any such change could affect the continuing validity of this discussion.

  This summary is of a general nature and is not intended to be, nor should it
be construed to be, legal or tax advice to any particular shareholder.
Accordingly, we urge you to consult your own tax advisors concerning the U.S.
federal, state and local, and foreign income and other tax consequences of the
merger to you. In addition, shareholders that are Non-U.S. Persons as defined
below are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible
application of section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code, as Louis Dreyfus
believes it is a "United States real property holding corporation" within the
meaning of that section.

 Tax Opinions

  It is a condition of the merger that at, or prior to, closing:

  .  Dominion receive an opinion from its counsel, McGuireWoods LLP, that
     the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
     section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and that no gain or loss
     will be recognized by Dominion, Dominion's wholly owned acquisition
     subsidiary, or Louis Dreyfus in connection with the merger; and

  .  Louis Dreyfus receive an opinion from its counsel, Crowe & Dunlevy,
     that the merger will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning
     of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, that no gain or loss
     will be recognized by Louis Dreyfus in connection with the merger, and
     that shareholders of Louis Dreyfus that are U.S. persons will recognize
     taxable gain only to the extent of the lesser of gain realized, if any,
     or cash received in the exchange.

  The terms of the tax opinions to be received by Dominion and Louis Dreyfus
are set forth in Sections 7.2(b) and 7.3(b) of the merger agreement, a copy of
which is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. Counsel will
base their opinions on representations of fact contained in certificates of
officers and shareholders of Dominion, Louis Dreyfus and certain of their
affiliates and on conditions and assumptions set forth in the opinions. The
parties will provide this information before closing, and the information must
be correct as of the date it is provided and the time of closing.

  Dominion and Louis Dreyfus expect, based on conditions as they exist as of
the date of this document, to receive the tax opinions described above.
However, there can be no assurance that they will be able to do so. Among the
requirements that must be satisfied in order for the merger to qualify as a
reorganization is the "continuity of interest" requirement. This requires that
the fair market value of the Dominion stock to be received by Louis Dreyfus
shareholders constitute a substantial portion of the aggregate merger
consideration (taking into account all cash payments, including those made to
dissenting shareholders). The Internal Revenue Service has taken the position
for advance ruling purposes that the continuity of interest requirement is
satisfied if the value (determined at the

effective time) of the acquiring corporation's (e.g., Dominion's) stock
received by the acquired corporation's (e.g., Louis Dreyfus') shareholders in
the merger equals or exceeds 50% of the total merger consideration received by
such shareholders. The courts, however, have held the continuity of interest
requirement to be satisfied with somewhat lower percentages of acquiring
corporation stock. The amount of Dominion stock to be received by the Louis
Dreyfus shareholders is not subject to adjustment by reason of fluctuations in
the market value of Dominion's stock or otherwise. Accordingly, it is possible
that a significant decline in the market price of Dominion common stock prior
to the effective time, which would reduce the proportionate amount of the
merger consideration paid in Dominion common stock, could adversely affect the
ability of the merger to satisfy the continuity of interest requirement and
prevent the issuance of the required tax opinions.

  We have not obtained and do not intend to obtain any rulings from the
Internal Revenue Service concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences of
the merger. Opinions of counsel such as those to be provided to Dominion and
Louis Dreyfus merely reflect counsels' best judgment based on existing
authorities and the representations, conditions and assumptions noted above.
These opinions are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts.
The Internal Revenue Service may disagree with the opinions, and a court may
sustain the Internal Revenue Service's position.

 Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders of Louis Dreyfus Common Stock

  The following discussion applies only to a beneficial holder of Louis Dreyfus
common stock that participates in the merger and, for purposes of U.S. federal
income tax laws, is:

  .  a citizen or resident of the United States;

  .  a corporation or other entity taxable for U.S. federal income tax
     purposes as a corporation, if such corporation or entity was created
     under the laws of the United States or any of its political
     subdivisions;

  .  a trust if a United States court is able to exercise primary
     supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United
     States fiduciaries have the authority to control all substantial
     decisions of the trust; or

  .  an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income
     regardless of the source of such income.

  We refer to individuals or entities that meet any of these descriptions as
"U.S. Holders" in the discussion below. Individuals and entities that do not
meet any of these descriptions are referred to as "Non-U.S. Persons."

  Assuming that the merger qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of
section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code, a Louis Dreyfus shareholder will not
recognize for U.S. federal income tax purposes any loss on the exchange. In
general, however, the shareholder will recognize for U.S. federal income tax
purposes gain equal to the lesser of the amount of cash received, excluding
cash paid for fractional shares, or the amount of gain realized, if any, in the
merger. The amount of gain realized by a Louis Dreyfus shareholder in the
merger will be the

excess, if any, of (1) the sum of the cash, excluding fractional share
payments, and the fair market value (determined at the effective time of the
merger) of the Dominion common stock received by the shareholder in the
merger, over (2) the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the Louis Dreyfus
common stock exchanged, excluding the adjusted tax basis allocated to
fractional shares.

  Louis Dreyfus shareholders must calculate realized gain or loss separately
for each identifiable block of shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock exchanged,
and the loss realized on one block of stock may not be offset against gain
realized on another block of stock.

  Under most circumstances, it is expected that the gain will be treated as
capital gain, eligible for a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20
percent if the Louis Dreyfus shareholder is not a corporation and if the
shareholder's holding period for the Louis Dreyfus common stock exchanged in
the merger exceeds one year. However, in certain instances, such as where a
Louis Dreyfus shareholder actually or constructively owns shares of Dominion
common stock in addition to the Dominion common stock received in the merger,
the gain recognized could be treated as a dividend taxable as ordinary income.
If the gain is treated as a dividend taxable as ordinary income, and if the
Louis Dreyfus shareholder is a corporation, the shareholder may be eligible
for a dividends-received deduction (subject to applicable limitations) and
subject to the "extraordinary dividend" provisions of section 1059 of the
Internal Revenue Code.

  For purposes of determining whether the gain recognized is treated as a
dividend taxable as ordinary income, a Louis Dreyfus shareholder is treated
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as if it first exchanged all of its
shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock solely in exchange for (i) the shares of
Dominion common stock actually received in the merger, and (ii) a number of
"deemed shares" of Dominion common stock such that the value of the deemed
shares is equal to the cash consideration. The shareholder is treated as if it
immediately thereafter tendered the deemed shares of Dominion common stock to
Dominion in redemption thereof for cash equal in amount to the cash actually
received by the shareholder in the merger (a "deemed redemption"). In order
for the recognized gain calculated as described above of a Louis Dreyfus
shareholder to qualify as capital gain rather than as a dividend taxable as
ordinary income, the deemed redemption must result in a "substantially
disproportionate" reduction in the shareholder's stock interest or must be
"not essentially equivalent to a dividend." Each of these tests is explained
below. In applying these tests, a Louis Dreyfus shareholder will be treated as
owning shares of Dominion common stock actually or constructively owned by
certain related individuals and entities and shares of Dominion common stock
which the shareholder has the right to acquire by exercise of an option.
Because of the complexity of these rules, each Louis Dreyfus shareholder who
believes that such shareholder may be subject to these rules should consult a
tax advisor.

  Under the "substantially disproportionate" test, in order for the gain
recognized by a Louis Dreyfus shareholder to qualify as capital gain, the
percentage of outstanding Dominion voting stock that is actually and
constructively owned by the shareholder immediately after the deemed
redemption must be less than 80% of the percentage of the outstanding Dominion
voting stock that is actually and constructively owned by the shareholder
immediately before the deemed redemption.

  Under the "not essentially equivalent to a dividend" test, in order for the
gain recognized by a Louis Dreyfus shareholder to qualify as capital gain, the
deemed redemption must result in a "meaningful reduction" in the shareholder's
proportionate interest in Dominion, given the shareholder's particular facts
and circumstances. The Internal Revenue Service has indicated in published
rulings that any reduction in the percentage interest of a shareholder whose
relative stock interest in a publicly held corporation is minimal (an interest
of less than one percent may satisfy this requirement) and who exercises no
control over corporate affairs should constitute such a "meaningful reduction."

  Shareholders who do not satisfy the "substantially disproportionate" test and
(i) whose ownership interests in Dominion common stock immediately prior to the
deemed redemption, determined either directly or by attribution, would not have
been minimal, or (ii) who exercise control over Dominion's corporate affairs
should consult their tax advisors with respect to whether or not any cash they
receive in the merger is "not essentially equivalent to a dividend."

  A shareholder who receives cash in lieu of fractional shares of Dominion
common stock will be treated as if such fractional share had been issued to the
shareholder in the merger and redeemed by Dominion for cash.

  The aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Dominion common stock received by a
Louis Dreyfus shareholder in the merger generally will equal the shareholder's
adjusted tax basis in the Louis Dreyfus common stock exchanged (excluding the
adjusted tax basis allocated to fractional shares) decreased by the amount of
cash received (excluding cash received for fractional shares) and increased by
the amount of gain recognized (excluding gain recognized on fractional shares).
The holding period of the Dominion common stock received in the merger will
include the holding period of the shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock
exchanged. If a Louis Dreyfus shareholder has differing tax bases and/or
holding periods with respect to the shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock that
the shareholder exchanges in the merger, the shareholder should consult a tax
advisor in order to calculate the tax bases and/or holding periods of the
Dominion common stock received.

 Tax Consequences to Dissenting Shareholders of Louis Dreyfus

  A shareholder of Louis Dreyfus that is a U.S. Holder who receives cash in
respect of Louis Dreyfus common stock pursuant to the exercise of dissenters'
rights will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount
of cash received and his or her tax basis in the shares surrendered. Any gain
or loss attributable to the shares normally would be capital gain or loss.

 Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

  The Internal Revenue Code and Treasury regulations generally require those
who make specified payments, including payments of cash to shareholders
exchanging shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock in the merger, to report such
payments to the Internal Revenue Service.

  These rules require Dominion or its exchange agent, as the case may be, to
withhold tax from payments made to exchanging shareholders who fail to provide
the information

necessary to establish exemption from withholding, including a correct taxpayer
identification number or certification of foreign status, or if the Internal
Revenue Service or a broker informs Dominion or its exchange agent that
withholding is required. The information reporting and backup withholding rules
do not apply to payments to corporations, whether domestic or foreign.

  Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be credited
against any U.S. federal income tax liability of the recipient of the payment.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

 Change in Control Agreements

  Certain officers of Louis Dreyfus have change in control agreements providing
for the payment of severance benefits upon involuntary termination of
employment, other than for cause, within two years after a change in control.
Notwithstanding the provisions of the change in control agreements, Louis
Dreyfus and Dominion have agreed that the amounts payable under the change in
control agreements will be paid to the affected officers on the closing date of
the merger. The amount of the payments for executive officers is equal to two
times the executive officer's annual compensation, which is defined as annual
salary immediately prior to the date on which a change of control occurs plus
the average annual bonus received by the affected officer over the three years
immediately prior to the change in control. The expected amount of the payments
to the Louis Dreyfus executive officers under the terms of change in control
agreements are as follows:

          Name                                   Title                           Amount
          ----                                   -----                         ----------

Mark E. Monroe.......... President and Chief Executive Officer                 $1,513,333
Jeffrey A. Bonney....... Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer     580,000
Richard E. Bross........ Executive Vice President--Land and Operations            756,667
                         Executive Vice President--Engineering and
Ronnie K. Irani......... Exploration                                              883,333
Kevin R. White.......... Executive Vice President--Corporate Development and      553,333
                         Strategic Planning

  An additional $1.3 million will be paid to other officers having change in
control agreements providing for a payment of one times annual compensation
defined as in the same manner as for the above named executive officers.

 Stock Options and Restricted and Deferred Stock

  The Louis Dreyfus Stock Option Plan ("Stock Option Plan") provides for awards
of stock options to employees and non-employee directors selected by the
compensation committee of the board of directors. Upon a change of control,
which will occur when the shareholders approve the merger, all stock options
previously granted will become fully vested and exercisable. As of the date of
the merger agreement, the executive officers named above held 644,125
outstanding and unvested stock options that would vest as a result of a change
in control.

  The merger agreement provides that each option holder shall have the right
to: (1) elect to have their Louis Dreyfus options exchanged for options to
purchase shares of Dominion common stock or (2) have their options
automatically converted into options to acquire the Merger Consideration. See
"The Merger Agreement--Treatment of Louis Dreyfus Stock Options."

  If the shareholders approve the merger, 17,880 shares of restricted stock
held by the above named executive officers will vest and a total of 79,877
shares (including the newly vested shares) will be distributed to such
executive officers from existing deferred stock trusts. In addition, 48,096
shares of deferred stock awards will be distributed to Louis Dreyfus board of
directors.

 Bonuses

  The merger agreement also provides that officers with change in control
agreements are entitled to receive on the closing date of the merger a pro rata
portion of their 2001 annual
bonuses. Other employees of Louis Dreyfus are also entitled to receive their
annual 2001 bonus on or before February 15, 2002 unless they are terminated for
cause or terminate their employment voluntarily before then.

 Employee Benefits

  The merger agreement generally requires Dominion to honor Louis Dreyfus'
existing employee benefit plans and commitments in accordance with their terms
after the merger, which requirement will be satisfied by Dominion's making
available to former employees of Louis Dreyfus benefits under Dominion employee
benefit plans. See "The Merger Agreement--Treatment of Louis Dreyfus Stock
Options." Dominion has agreed that its severance plan will apply for purposes
of calculating severance benefits for any Louis Dreyfus employees (other than
employees having change in control agreements) terminated by Dominion after the
merger. The Dominion severance plan generally provides severance benefits that
are more favorable to employees than Louis Dreyfus' existing plan.

 Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance

  The merger agreement provides that after the effective time, Dominion will
indemnify to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law each current and
former officer or director of Louis Dreyfus and certain other persons against
all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses (including
attorneys fees) in connection with any claim arising out of or pertaining to
acts or omissions by them and their capacities as such whether commenced,
asserted or claimed before or after the effective time. Dominion also agrees
that all existing rights to indemnification in the certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and any indemnification agreement of Louis Dreyfus shall
survive the merger and continue in effect for a period of six years after the
effective time. For a period of six years after the effective time, Dominion is
required to maintain directors and officers liability insurance covering
current and former directors and officers of Louis Dreyfus on terms
substantially no less advantageous to them from Louis Dreyfus' existing
insurance. In this regard, Dominion is not required to pay annual premiums in
excess of 200% of the last annual premium paid by Louis Dreyfus. Dominion has a
right to cause this requirement to be satisfied by purchasing tail coverage for
a six-year period on terms and conditions no less advantageous than
Louis Dreyfus' existing insurance.

 The Principal Shareholders' Benefits

  Certain directors of Louis Dreyfus who are employees of the Principal
Shareholders or their affiliates participate in a stock equivalent compensation
plan sponsored by an affiliate of the Principal Shareholders which entitles
them to receive a cash payment on termination of their employment with such
affiliate or earlier if so determined by such affiliate. Compensation payable
to such directors is equal to the underlying value of the equivalent shares of
Louis Dreyfus common stock. Pursuant to the terms of this plan, Daniel R. Finn,
Jr., Gerard Louis-Dreyfus, Ernest F. Steiner and Simon B. Rich, Jr. have each
been awarded stock equivalent units representing 200,000, 60,000, 25,000 and
25,000 shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock, respectively.

Accounting Treatment

  Dominion will account for the merger under the purchase method of accounting.
Purchase accounting requires that the purchase price and costs of the
acquisition be allocated to all of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
based upon relative fair values.

  Dominion will also recognize goodwill representing the portion of the
purchase price in excess of the estimated fair value of identified assets and
liabilities. As provided in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, for business combinations completed
after June 30, 2001, the goodwill will not be subject to amortization. Instead,
goodwill will be subject to review for impairment under the provisions of the
new standard.

Louis Dreyfus Shareholder Lawsuit Regarding the Merger

  On September 10, 2001, a suit was filed against Louis Dreyfus and the members
of its board of directors concerning the merger. The complaint, which purports
to be a class action complaint, was filed in the District Court of Oklahoma
County, Oklahoma, under the case name David Osher v. Mark E. Andrews, III,
Daniel R. Finn, Jr., E. William Barnett, Richard E. Bross, Peter G. Gerry,
Gerard Louis-Dreyfus, Mark E. Monroe, John H. Moore, James R. Paul, Nancy K.
Quinn, Simon B. Rich, Jr., Ernest F. Steiner and Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas
Corp. The petition seeks rescission of the merger agreement and seeks
injunctive relief and damages based on the alleged failure of the directors to
perform properly their fiduciary duty in connection with the proposed merger.
The petition also seeks an award of costs and attorneys' fees. The complaint
was served on Louis Dreyfus on September 14, 2001. Louis Dreyfus intends to
vigorously defend this lawsuit and does not currently expect it will interfere
with the consummation of the merger.

Resales of Dominion Common Stock

  The Dominion common stock to be issued to Louis Dreyfus shareholders in
connection with the merger has been registered with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. All shares of Dominion common stock received by Louis Dreyfus
shareholders upon consummation of the merger will be freely transferable by
those Louis Dreyfus shareholders

who are not deemed "affiliates" (as defined under the Securities Act but
generally including executive officers, directors and shareholders owning 10
percent or more of Louis Dreyfus, or the parties to the principal shareholders
agreement. See "The Merger--Principal Shareholders Agreement").

  Louis Dreyfus has agreed in the merger agreement to use its reasonable best
efforts to cause each person identified by Louis Dreyfus as an affiliate of
Louis Dreyfus to deliver to Dominion a written agreement to not sell, pledge,
transfer or otherwise dispose of any Dominion common stock issued to him or her
pursuant to the merger except in accordance with the Securities Act. The stock
certificates representing Dominion common stock issued to such affiliates in
the merger will bear a legend with respect to the applicable restrictions.

Stock Exchange Listing

  Dominion will file a listing application with the New York Stock Exchange
covering the shares of Dominion common stock to be issued pursuant to the
merger or upon the exercise of Louis Dreyfus stock options that are converted
into Dominion stock options. The obligations of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus to
effect the merger are subject to the condition that these shares of Dominion
common stock be approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject
only to official notice of issuance.

  The common stock of Dominion which Louis Dreyfus shareholders shall receive
in exchange for Louis Dreyfus common stock will trade under the symbol "D" on
the New York Stock Exchange.

  If the merger is completed, Louis Dreyfus common stock will be delisted from
the New York Stock Exchange.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

  The description of the amended merger agreement set forth below highlights
certain important terms of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to
this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. This description does not purport
to be complete and it may not include all the information that interests you.
We urge you to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety.

Overview

  At the effective time of the merger, Louis Dreyfus will merge with and into a
wholly owned subsidiary of Dominion. The Dominion subsidiary will be the
surviving corporation in the merger, and, following the merger, the surviving
corporation will be wholly owned by CNG. The surviving corporation will assume
all the rights and obligations of Louis Dreyfus.

Effective Time

  Louis Dreyfus and the Dominion subsidiary will execute and file certificates
of merger with the Oklahoma Secretary of State and the Delaware Secretary of
State promptly after the day on which the last condition to completing the
merger is satisfied or waived or at such other time as Dominion and Louis
Dreyfus may agree. The merger will become effective at the time and on the date
on which those documents are filed or such other time and date on which the
parties agree and specify in those documents. That time is referred to as the
"effective time."

Effects of the Merger

  At the effective time of the merger:

  .  each outstanding share of Louis Dreyfus common stock, other than (1)
     shares owned or held by Dominion, its subsidiaries or Louis Dreyfus,
     including treasury stock, and (2) shares held by Louis Dreyfus
     shareholders who validly exercise their appraisal rights under Oklahoma
     law, will be automatically converted into the right to receive $20.00
     in cash and 0.3226 of a share of Dominion common stock;

  .  if the merger closes on or after the record date for Dominion's regular
     dividend payable in December 2001 and/or March 2002, you will receive
     cash equal to the dividend that would have been paid to you if you had
     been a Dominion shareholder on the relevant record date (you will not
     receive these amounts, however, if breaches by Louis Dreyfus of its
     obligations under the merger agreement cause the merger to occur after
     the relevant record date for these dividends);

  .  shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock held by Louis Dreyfus shareholders
     who exercise their appraisal rights under Oklahoma law will be treated
     as described under "The Merger--Appraisal Rights of Shareholders,"
     assuming that those shareholders validly exercise their appraisal
     rights; and

  .  shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock owned or held by Dominion, its
     subsidiaries or Louis Dreyfus, including treasury stock, will be
     canceled.

  If, before the effective time of the merger, the issued and outstanding
shares of Dominion common stock are changed into a different number of shares
as a result of a reclassification, stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend, stock distribution or similar event, an appropriate adjustment will
be made to the consideration to be received by Louis Dreyfus shareholders.

  For a description of Dominion common stock and a description of the
comparative rights of holders of Dominion common stock and Louis Dreyfus common
stock, see "Description of Dominion Capital Stock" and "Comparative Rights of
Shareholders."

Exchange of Stock Certificates

 Exchange Agent

  Dominion will deposit with an exchange agent certificates representing
Dominion common stock issuable and cash payable in exchange for outstanding
Louis Dreyfus common stock. Dominion will also make funds available to the
exchange agent from time to time as needed to pay any cash instead of
fractional shares or any dividends or other distributions declared by Dominion
on its common stock with a record date after the effective time of the merger
and a payment date on or before the date the relevant Louis Dreyfus stock
certificate is surrendered.

 Exchange Procedures

  LOUIS DREYFUS STOCK CERTIFICATES SHOULD NOT BE RETURNED WITH THE ENCLOSED
PROXY CARD. A TRANSMITTAL LETTER AND ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS WILL BE PROVIDED
TO LOUIS DREYFUS SHAREHOLDERS FOLLOWING THE MERGER.

  If you own Louis Dreyfus common stock, promptly after the merger the exchange
agent will mail to you a transmittal letter and instructions explaining how to
surrender your certificates to the exchange agent.

  Louis Dreyfus shareholders who surrender their stock certificates to the
exchange agent, together with a properly completed and signed transmittal
letter and any other documents required by the instructions to the transmittal
letter, will receive for each share of Louis Dreyfus common stock:

  .  0.3226 shares of Dominion common stock; and

  .  after giving effect to any required tax withholdings, a check in the
     aggregate amount of:

    .  $20.00;

    .  the amount of cash being paid in lieu of fractional shares of
       Dominion common stock; and

    .  if the merger closes on or after the record date for Dominion's
       regular quarterly dividend payable in December 2001 and/or March
       2002 cash equal to the dividend that would have been paid to such
       shareholder if such shareholder had been a Dominion shareholder on
       the relevant record date. Louis Dreyfus shareholders will not
       receive these amounts if breaches by Louis Dreyfus of some of its
       obligations under the merger agreement cause the merger to occur
       after the relevant record date of these dividends.

  If you have a Louis Dreyfus stock certificate, you should surrender that
certificate for exchange after the effective time of the merger. Until you
surrender your Louis Dreyfus stock certificate, dividends or other
distributions declared with a record date after the effective time of the
merger will accrue, but will not be paid, on shares of Dominion common stock
that you are entitled to receive as a result of the conversion of your shares
of Louis Dreyfus common stock. When you surrender your certificates, any unpaid
dividends or other distributions will be paid, less the amount of any
withholding taxes that may be required. No interest will be paid or accrued on
the cash portion of the merger consideration.

  The exchange agent will deliver to Dominion on demand, shares of Dominion
common stock to be issued in the merger or funds set aside by Dominion to pay
the cash consideration, cash in lieu of fractional shares in connection with
the merger or to pay dividends on shares of Dominion common stock to be issued
in the merger that are not claimed by former Louis Dreyfus shareholders within
180 days after the effective time of the merger. Thereafter, Dominion will act
as the exchange agent and former Louis Dreyfus shareholders may look only to
Dominion for payment of their shares of Dominion common stock, cash
consideration, cash in lieu of fractional shares and unpaid dividends and
distributions. None of Dominion, the surviving corporation, the exchange agent
or any other person will be liable to any former Louis Dreyfus shareholder for
any amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

  If any certificates for shares of Dominion common stock are to be issued in a
name other than that in which the Louis Dreyfus common stock certificate
surrendered in exchange for such shares is registered, the person requesting
the exchange must (1) pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
issuance of certificates for shares of Dominion common stock in a name other
than that of the registered holder of the certificate surrendered or (2)
establish to the satisfaction of Dominion or the exchange agent that such tax
has been paid or is not applicable.

  At the effective time of the merger, the stock transfer books of Louis
Dreyfus will be closed and no further issuances or transfers of shares of Louis
Dreyfus common stock will be made. If, after the effective time, valid Louis
Dreyfus stock certificates are presented to the surviving corporation for any
reason, they will be cancelled and exchanged as described above to the extent
allowed by applicable law.

 Fractional Shares

  No fractional shares of Dominion common stock will be issued to Louis Dreyfus
shareholders. Instead of fractional shares, each Louis Dreyfus shareholder
otherwise entitled to a fractional share will receive, in cash and without
interest, an amount representing the fractional share, rounded to the nearest
one-hundredth of a share, multiplied by the closing price of Dominion common
stock on the date the merger is complete.

 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates

  If a Louis Dreyfus stock certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the
exchange agent will issue the consideration properly payable in accordance with
the merger agreement, without interest, upon receipt of (1) an affidavit of
that fact by the person claiming the certificate is lost, stolen or destroyed
and (2) appropriate and customary indemnification or the posting of a bond in
the form customarily required by Dominion to indemnify against any claim that
may be made against it with respect to such certificate.

Representations and Warranties

 Representations and Warranties

  The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties by
each of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus relating to, among other things:

  .  corporate organization and similar corporate matters;

  .  capital structure;

  .  authority relative to the transaction;

  .  documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
     financial statements included in those documents;

  .  absence of contract violations or conflicts; and

  .  broker's fees.

 Additional Representations and Warranties of Louis Dreyfus

  In addition to those described above, the merger agreement also contains
additional representations and warranties by Louis Dreyfus relating to, among
other things:

  .  subsidiaries;

  .  the operation of Louis Dreyfus' business in the ordinary course since
     June 30, 2001, the absence of material undisclosed liabilities and no
     occurrence of a material adverse effect with respect to Louis Dreyfus;

  .  legal proceedings;

  .  taxes;

  .  benefit plans and employment matters;

  .  environmental matters;

  .  compliance with laws;

  .  intellectual property;

  .  oil and gas reserves;

  .  hedging activities;

  .  certain contracts and indebtedness;

  .  title to properties;

  .  insurance;

  .  opinion of financial advisors;

  .  board approval and recommendation of the merger;

  .  the requisite vote required for approval and adoption of the merger;

  .  status under Natural Gas Act and Texas law relating to gas gathering
     systems; and

  .  certain approvals.

 Additional Representations and Warranties of Dominion

  In addition to the those described above, the merger agreement also contains
additional representations and warranties by Dominion relating to, among other
things:

  .  financing for the transaction;

  .  no Dominion shareholder vote required for the merger; and

  .  no occurrence of a material adverse effect with respect to Dominion.

Covenants Under the Merger Agreement

 Conduct of Louis Dreyfus Pending the Merger

  Under the merger agreement, Louis Dreyfus has agreed that during the period
before completion of the merger, except in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, it will carry on its business in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice, and will use all reasonable
efforts to maintain intact its present business, maintain its relationships
with customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with it, keep its
current key officers and employees and maintain customary insurance in effect.
Subject to certain exceptions, the merger agreement places specific
restrictions on the ability of Louis Dreyfus and its subsidiaries to:

  .  acquire, sell, encumber, lease, transfer or dispose of assets, rights
     or securities that are material or terminate, materially modify or
     enter into any material commitment or line of business, in each case
     outside of the ordinary course of business or acquire by merger or
     purchase substantially all the assets of any other person;

  .  amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

  .  split, combine or reclassify any shares or interests in its capital
     stock;

  .  declare or pay dividends on its capital stock;

  .  redeem or acquire, or offer to redeem or acquire, any shares of its
     capital stock or securities representing the right to acquire its
     capital stock other than pursuant to terms of outstanding employee
     benefit plans;

  .  issue securities other than those issuable upon exercise of options
     outstanding on the date of the merger agreement;

  .  modify the terms of any existing indebtedness or issue any debt
     securities, except as incurred in the ordinary course consistent with
     past practice for working capital management purposes;

  .  guarantee or otherwise become responsible for the obligations of
     another party, or make any loans or advances except to or for the
     benefit of any subsidiary of Louis Dreyfus or except for indebtedness
     of $5,000,000 or less in the aggregate;

  .  authorize, recommend or propose any material change in its
     capitalization;

  .  grant or increase severance or termination pay;

  .  adopt or establish any new employee benefit plan, amend in any material
     respect any employee benefit plan or, other than in the ordinary course
     of business, increase the compensation or fringe benefits of any
     employee or pay any material benefit not required by an existing
     benefit plan;

  .  other than in the ordinary course of business, enter into or materially
     amend any employment, consulting, severance or indemnification
     agreement, or other obligation to any employee;

  .  settle any material tax liability or litigation involving the payment
     of more than $5 million or pay claims or liabilities not reserved in
     the Louis Dreyfus balance sheet of $5 million individually or $10
     million in the aggregate;

  .  make or commit to make capital expenditures in excess of a specified
     amount;

  .  make any material changes in its tax accounting methods;

  .  other than in the ordinary course of business, write off any accounts
     or notes receivable in excess of $5 million;

  .  take any action that would prevent the merger from qualifying as a
     reorganization described in Section 368(a) of the United States
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

  .  enter into or amend any agreement with any shareholder of Louis Dreyfus
     with respect to holding, voting or disposing of shares;

  .  cause the acceleration of rights, benefits or payments under any
     employee benefit plan other than as a result of the merger;

  .  enter into any fixed price oil or gas forward sales contracts or fixed
     price purchase or sale contracts that would result in physical delivery
     of its oil or gas production for the year 2001, 2002 or 2003 or fixed
     price hedging arrangements with respect to its oil production of more
     than 10% of its budgeted gas operations for 2001, 2002 or 2003; or

  .  agree to take any of the actions described in the preceding bullet
     points.

 Conduct of Dominion Pending the Merger

  Subject to certain exceptions, during the period before the completion of the
merger, the merger agreement places specific restrictions on the ability of
Dominion to:

  .  acquire by merger or otherwise any business or assets if the
     transaction would prevent or materially delay the merger;

  .  adopt or propose any amendments to its charter documents which would
     have a materially adverse effect on the consummation of the merger;

  .  take any action that would prevent the merger from qualifying as a
     reorganization as described in Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
     Code;

  .  except for the payment of ordinary cash dividends on its common stock,
     split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock, or set
     aside or pay any dividend, unless the merger consideration is adjusted
     proportionately;

  .  adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution; or

  .  agree to take any of the actions described in the preceding bullet
     points.

 Other Covenants

  In addition to covenants specifically described under "The Merger" or "The
Merger Agreement," the merger agreement contains a number of mutual covenants
of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus, including covenants relating to:

  .  accuracy of information to be supplied for inclusion in this proxy
     statement/prospectus and the related registration statement;

  .  keeping each other apprised and using their reasonable best efforts to
     prevent or remedy their material breach of a representation or warranty
     contained in the merger agreement or their material failure to comply
     with their obligations under the merger agreement; and

  .  cooperation in obtaining governmental approvals necessary to the
     consummation of the merger and using their respective reasonable best
     efforts to do, or cause to be done, all things required to consummate
     and make effective the transactions contemplated by the merger
     agreement.

  The merger agreement requires Louis Dreyfus to call a meeting of its
shareholders for the purpose of approving the merger agreement, and subject to
fiduciary obligations under applicable law, to use its reasonable best efforts
to obtain the necessary approval.

  Dominion is required to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the shares
of its common stock that are to be issued in the merger or to be issued upon
exercise of options to be approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange,
subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the date on which the merger
occurs.

  In addition, as soon as practicable following the merger, the surviving
corporation is required to cease using the Louis Dreyfus name.

No Solicitation of Competing Transactions

 No Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals

  The merger agreement contains detailed provisions prohibiting Louis Dreyfus
from seeking an acquisition proposal as an alternative to the merger. Under
these "no solicitation" provisions, Louis Dreyfus has agreed that it will not:

  .  solicit, initiate, or encourage any inquiries relating to, or the
     submission of, any acquisition proposal, as described below;

  .  participate in any discussions regarding or take any other action to
     facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer that
     is, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal;
     or

  .  approve, recommend or accept any acquisition proposal, or enter into
     any letter of intent or agreement with respect to any acquisition
     proposal.

  The merger agreement permits Louis Dreyfus or its board of directors to
comply with Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2 under the Securities Exchange Act with regard
to an acquisition proposal if the Louis Dreyfus board of directors does not
recommend that the shareholders of Louis Dreyfus tender their shares in
connection with any such tender or exchange offer unless the Louis Dreyfus
board of directors shall have determined in good faith, after consultation with
its financial advisors and outside counsel, that the relevant acquisition
proposal is a superior proposal, as described below.

  If prior to the special meeting of shareholders of Louis Dreyfus, Louis
Dreyfus receives an unsolicited bona fide written acquisition proposal from a
third party that the board of directors determines in good faith, after
receiving the advice of a financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation, is reasonably likely to be a superior proposal, Louis Dreyfus and
its representatives may conduct discussions or provide information as it
determines, but only if, prior to providing any information or engaging in any
discussions:

  .  the third party shall have entered into a confidentiality agreement not
     materially less favorable to Louis Dreyfus than the confidentiality
     agreement with Dominion and containing additional provisions that
     expressly permit Louis Dreyfus to comply with the provisions of its no
     solicitation obligations to Dominion; and

  .  the board of directors determines in its good faith judgment, after
     consultation with outside counsel, that it is required to do so in
     order to comply with its fiduciary duties.

  Louis Dreyfus must promptly notify Dominion if it receives any acquisition
proposal, including the identity of the party submitting the proposal. Within
24 hours of receipt of an inquiry, proposal or offer that could reasonably be
expected to lead to an acquisition proposal, Louis Dreyfus must provide
Dominion with the material terms and conditions

other aspects of any inquiry, proposal or offer of this type. Louis Dreyfus
must also notify Dominion if Louis Dreyfus intends to engage in discussions or
provide information.

  For this purpose, an acquisition proposal is any third party tender offer,
merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving
all or more than 10% of Louis Dreyfus assets, 10% or more of Louis Dreyfus
capital stock, or any acquisition of 10% or more of Louis Dreyfus capital stock
or assets in a single transaction or a series of related transactions.

  For purposes of the merger agreement, a "superior proposal" means any
unsolicited bona fide written acquisition proposal which:

  .  contemplates a merger or other business combination, reorganization,
     share exchange, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, tender
     offer, exchange offer or similar transaction involving Louis Dreyfus as
     a result of which Louis Dreyfus shareholders prior to such transaction
     in the aggregate cease to own at least 50% of the voting securities of
     the ultimate parent entity resulting from such transaction or a sale,
     lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition of at least 50% of the
     value of the assets of Louis Dreyfus and its subsidiaries, taken as a
     whole; and

  .  is on terms which the Louis Dreyfus board of directors determines,
     after consultation with its financial advisor and outside counsel,
     taking into account, among other things, all legal, financial,
     regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the person making the
     proposal, would, if consummated, result in a transaction that is more
     favorable to its shareholders from a financial point of view than the
     transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the terms
     of any proposal by Dominion to modify the terms of the transactions
     contemplated by the merger agreement, and is reasonably likely to be
     financed and otherwise completed without undue delay.

Conditions of the Merger

 Conditions to Both Parties' Obligations

  Dominion or Louis Dreyfus may choose not to complete the merger unless each
of the following conditions is satisfied or waived:

  .  the merger agreement has been adopted by the affirmative vote of the
     holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Louis Dreyfus common
     stock;

  .  any waiting period applicable under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act
     applicable to the merger has expired or been terminated;

  .  no restraining order or injunction prohibiting completion of the merger
     is in effect and the completion of the merger is not illegal under any
     applicable law;

  .  the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is
     a part has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
     Commission and is not subject to any stop order or proceedings seeking
     a stop order;

  .  the shares of Dominion common stock to be issued in the merger have
     been authorized for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to
     official notice of issuance; and

  .  receipt by Dominion and Louis Dreyfus of an opinion from their
     respective outside counsel that the merger will be treated as a
     reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

 Additional Conditions to Dominion's Obligations

  Dominion's obligation to complete the merger is also subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

  .  the representations and warranties of Louis Dreyfus must be true and
     correct as of the date of the merger agreement and, except for
     representations and warranties that speak as of an earlier date, must
     also be true and correct as of the closing date of the merger, except
     for circumstances which, when considered individually or in the
     aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a company material
     adverse effect, as defined below; and

  .  Louis Dreyfus must not have breached in any material respect any
     obligation that it is required to perform in the merger agreement.

  For purposes of the merger agreement, company material adverse effect means a
material adverse effect on or change in:

  .  business, assets and liabilities (taken together) or the consolidated
     financial condition of Louis Dreyfus; or

  .  Louis Dreyfus' ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by
     the merger agreement or fulfill the conditions to closing.

  However, there will be no company material adverse effect to the extent that
any material adverse effect or change is caused by or results from conditions
affecting the United States economy generally or the economy of a nation or
region in which Louis Dreyfus conducts business or generally affecting the
industries (including the natural gas industry) in which Louis Dreyfus conducts
business, or is caused by or results from the announcement or pendency of the
merger.

 Additional Conditions to Louis Dreyfus' Obligations

  Louis Dreyfus' obligation to complete the merger is also subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

  .  the representations and warranties of Dominion must be true and correct
     as of the date of the merger agreement and, except for representations
     and warranties that speak as of an earlier date, as of the closing date
     of the merger, except for circumstances which, when considered
     individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to
     have a Dominion material adverse effect, as defined below; and

  .  Dominion must not have breached in any material respect any obligation
     that it is required to perform in the merger agreement.

  For purposes of the merger agreement, the term Dominion material adverse
effect means a material adverse effect on or change in:

  .  business, assets and liabilities (taken together) or the consolidated
     financial condition of Dominion; or

  .  Dominion's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
     merger agreement or fulfill the conditions to closing.

  However, there will be no Dominion material adverse effect to the extent that
any material adverse effect or change is caused by or results from conditions
affecting the United States economy generally or the economy of a nation or
region in which Dominion conducts business or generally affecting the
industries (including the natural gas industry) in which Dominion conducts
business, or is caused by or results from the announcement or pendency of the
merger.

Treatment of Louis Dreyfus Stock Options

  The merger agreement provides that prior to the effective time of the merger,
Dominion will offer each holder of an option to purchase shares of Louis
Dreyfus common stock an election to have their options exchanged for options to
purchase shares of Dominion common stock. In the event an option holder makes
this election, each option in Louis Dreyfus common stock will be automatically
converted at the effective time of the merger into a substituted option to
purchase shares of Dominion common stock. The number of shares of Dominion
common stock covered by the substituted option will be equal to the product of
the number of shares of Louis Dreyfus common stock that could have been
purchased under the option multiplied by the quotient obtained by dividing the
per share amount by an average price of Dominion common stock. The exercise
price of each substituted option will be equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing the per share option exercise price of the Louis Dreyfus option by the
quotient obtained by dividing the per share amount by an average price of
Dominion common stock. The average price of Dominion common stock is the
average of the volume weighted averages of the trading price of Dominion common
stock for the 10 consecutive trading days ending on the third trading day
immediately preceding the effective time of the merger. The "per share amount"
is the value of the cash and Dominion common stock paid to holders of Louis
Dreyfus common stock with Dominion common stock valued at the average price.

  The merger agreement provides that for those option holders who do not elect
to have their options exchanged for substituted options to purchase Dominion
common stock, their options will automatically be converted into an option to
acquire the merger consideration, and the per share exercise price shall be
appropriately adjusted, as if the option to purchase Louis Dreyfus common stock
had been exercised immediately before the effective time of the merger.

  Except for the conversion described above, all of these Dominion options will
have the same terms and conditions as the Louis Dreyfus options that they
replace.

Termination

  The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the merger,
whether before or after Louis Dreyfus shareholder approval has been obtained:

  .  By mutual written consent;

  .  By either party if:

    .  the merger is not completed by March 31, 2002, except that this
       right to terminate will not be available to a party whose failure to
       fulfill in any material respect any obligation under any provision
       of the merger agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the
       failure of the merger to be completed by March 31, 2002;

    .  the holders of a majority of the outstanding Louis Dreyfus common
       stock have not approved the merger; or

    .  any court or other governmental authority issues a non-appealable
       final order, decree or ruling which permanently enjoins or prohibits
       the merger, so long as the party seeking termination has used
       reasonable best efforts to avoid entry of, or have vacated, such
       order, decree or ruling;

  .  By Dominion if:

    .  the Louis Dreyfus board of directors withdraws, modifies or changes
       in any manner adverse to Dominion its approval or recommendation of
       the merger or recommends or approves another acquisition proposal;

    .  Louis Dreyfus breaches the no solicitation provision of the merger
       agreement in a material respect and Dominion is adversely affected
       by the breach; or

    .  subject to a right to cure, Louis Dreyfus breaches or fails to
       satisfy any of its obligations that results in the conditions to the
       obligations of Dominion not being able to be satisfied on or before
       the closing date, except that Dominion cannot terminate if it is in
       material breach of the merger agreement;

  .  By Louis Dreyfus if:

    .  prior to the shareholders' meeting, it receives a superior proposal
       and resolves to accept such proposal, and has complied in all
       material respects with the no solicitation provisions of the merger
       agreement; or

    .  subject to a right to cure, Dominion breaches or fails to satisfy
       any obligation that results in the conditions to the obligations of
       Louis Dreyfus not being able to be satisfied on or before the
       closing date, except that Louis Dreyfus cannot terminate if it is in
       material breach of the merger agreement.

Termination Fee

  Louis Dreyfus will be required to pay a termination fee of $70 million if the
merger agreement is terminated in the following circumstances:

  .  the merger agreement is terminated by Louis Dreyfus in order to accept
     a superior proposal;

  .  the merger agreement is terminated by Dominion because:

    .  the Louis Dreyfus board of directors withdraws, modifies or changes,
       in a manner adverse to Dominion, its recommendation of the merger;

    .  Louis Dreyfus breaches its no solicitation obligation in a material
       respect and Dominion is adversely affected; or

  .  the merger agreement is terminated:

    .  by Dominion because Louis Dreyfus breached in a material respect any
       of its material agreements or covenants in the merger agreement;

    .  by Louis Dreyfus or Dominion because the merger did not occur by
       March 31, 2002 and Louis Dreyfus breached in a material respect any
       of its material agreements or covenants in the merger agreements; or

    .  by Louis Dreyfus or Dominion because Louis Dreyfus shareholders did
       not approve the merger;

    .  and, in each case:

      -- there was outstanding another publicly announced acquisition
         proposal;

      -- Dominion was not in material breach of the merger agreement;

      -- the Louis Dreyfus shareholders did not approve the merger;

      -- the Louis Dreyfus board of directors did not withdraw, modify or
         change its recommendation of the merger; and

      -- within 12 months after termination, Louis Dreyfus enters into an
         agreement (which is ultimately consummated) or consummates a
         transaction with the proponent of the acquisition proposal or
         another party pursuant to a superior acquisition proposal.

Expenses

  All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement, the
related transactions and the printing and filing of this proxy
statement/prospectus will be paid by the company incurring such expenses.

Amendment and Waiver

  Dominion and Louis Dreyfus may amend the merger agreement by action taken or
authorized by their respective boards of directors, at any time before or after
approval of the matters presented in connection with the merger by Louis
Dreyfus shareholders, provided

that, after any such approval, the parties will make no amendment which by law
requires further approval by such shareholders without such further approval.
Any failure of Dominion or Louis Dreyfus to comply with its obligations may be
waived prior to the effective time of the merger only in writing by the party
entitled to the benefit of the obligation, but such waiver shall not operate as
a waiver or estoppel with respect to any subsequent or other failure.

                               REGULATORY MATTERS

  A summary of the material regulatory requirements affecting the merger is set
forth below. While Dominion and Louis Dreyfus are not aware of any other
material governmental approvals or actions required to complete the merger,
should any approval or action be required, Dominion and Louis Dreyfus
anticipate seeking the required approval or action. Dominion and Louis Dreyfus
cannot provide any assurance, however, that the approval or action, if needed,
could be obtained within the timeframe contemplated by, or on terms consistent
with, the merger agreement.

Antitrust Considerations

  Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act (HSR Act), Dominion and Louis Dreyfus cannot
consummate the merger until each has submitted certain information to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission. Additionally, each company must satisfy specified HSR Act waiting
period requirements. Dominion and Louis Dreyfus made the required filings on
September 18, 2001. The expiration or earlier termination of the HSR Act
waiting period will not prevent the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade
Commission from challenging the merger on antitrust grounds. Neither Dominion
nor Louis Dreyfus believes the merger will violate federal antitrust laws. If
the merger is not consummated within 12 months after the expiration or earlier
termination of the HSR Act waiting period, Dominion and Louis Dreyfus must
submit new information to the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade
Commission, and a new HSR Act waiting period will begin.

                                 THE COMPANIES

Dominion

  Dominion is a fully integrated gas and electric energy holding company
headquartered in Richmond, Virginia. As of June 30, 2001, Dominion had
approximately $32.3 billion in assets.

 Primary Operating Segments

  Dominion's primary operating segments are:

  Dominion Energy--Dominion Energy manages Dominion's 22,000 megawatt portfolio
of electric power generation assets, its 7,600 miles of gas transmission
pipeline and a 959 billion cubic foot natural gas storage network. It also
guides Dominion's generation growth strategy and its commodity trading,
marketing and risk management activities. Dominion currently operates
generation facilities in Virginia, West Virginia, North Carolina, Illinois and
Connecticut.

  Dominion Delivery--Dominion Delivery manages Dominion's local electric and
gas distribution systems serving 3.8 million customers, its 6,000 miles of
electric transmission lines and its customer service operations. Dominion
currently operates transmission and distribution systems in Virginia, West
Virginia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Ohio. Dominion Delivery also
includes Dominion's managing equity interest in Dominion Fiber Ventures, LLC,
which owns Dominion Telecom with its 3,620 route-mile fiber optic network and
related telecommunications and advanced data services located principally in
the northeast quadrant of the United States.

  Dominion Exploration & Production--Dominion Exploration & Production manages
Dominion's onshore and offshore oil and gas exploration and production
activities. With approximately 2.8 Tcfe of natural gas reserves and 320 Bcfe of
annual production, Dominion Exploration & Production is one of the nation's
largest independent oil and gas operators. It operates on the outer continental
shelf and deep water areas of the Gulf of Mexico, western Canada, the
Appalachian Basin and other selected regions in the continental United States.

 Principal Legal Subsidiaries

  Dominion's principal legal subsidiaries include Virginia Electric and Power
Company, a regulated public utility engaged in the generation, transmission,
distribution and sale of electric energy in Virginia and northeastern North
Carolina, Consolidated Natural Gas Company, a producer, transporter,
distributor and retail marketer of natural gas serving customers in
Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia and New York and Dominion Energy, Inc., an
independent power and natural gas exploration and production subsidiary.

 Opportunities

  Dominion is operating in an industry undergoing fundamental change. Dominion
believes that the United States energy markets are currently characterized by
increasing

demand that is outpacing supply. This situation results from increased use of
energy, inadequate investment in new generation facilities and the need to
replace older power plants. Further, a new competitive environment is emerging
from a past characterized by cost-of-service rate regulation and monopoly
franchise territories. This situation creates opportunities for development of
new generation capacity and acquisition of existing generation assets. Dominion
believes these opportunities will be significant as capacity shortages persist
and various industry participants seek to divest generation assets to comply
with regulatory directives and implement changing business strategies.

  Dominion believes similar opportunities exist in its delivery and exploration
and production businesses as demand outpaces supply. Today's commodity prices
reflect the current demand for natural gas and oil and, with more than 90% of
new power plants under development planning to use natural gas for fuel,
Dominion believes the long term fundamentals of delivery and production of
natural gas and oil will remain strong.

  Changes in the energy markets also require that producers and their principal
customers manage the risks associated with producing and delivering energy
commodities. Knowledgeable industry participants are able to market energy
commodities profitably and to manage the risks associated with commodity market
price fluctuations.

 Competitive Strengths

  Dominion believes that it is well positioned in the new energy environment
based on its following competitive strengths:

  Size and Scale--Dominion's size and scale give it the critical mass needed to
provide the financial strength, flexibility and economies of scale necessary to
compete in the new energy marketplace. In addition, its size has provided
better access to capital and improved opportunities for expansion.

  MAIN to Maine Focus--Dominion is concentrating its efforts in the Midwest,
Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States, which Dominion calls
the "MAIN to Maine" region. In the power industry, "MAIN" means the Middle
American Interconnected Network, which comprises the states of Missouri,
Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan and Indiana. The MAIN to Maine region is home to
approximately 40% of the nation's demand for energy. It also has some of the
nation's highest energy prices and, as a result, is rapidly moving toward
industry deregulation and restructuring.

  Integrated Asset Base--Dominion has the capability to discover and produce
gas, store it, sell it or use it to generate power; it can generate electricity
to sell to customers in its retail markets or in wholesale transactions. This
optionality gives Dominion the ability to produce and sell energy in whatever
form it finds most useful and economic. Dominion also operates North America's
largest natural gas storage system, which gives it the flexibility to provide
supply when it is most economically advantageous to do so. As a fully
integrated enterprise active in all aspects of the energy supply chain,
Dominion has the ability to optimize the value of its energy portfolio to
maximize return on invested capital.

  Market Knowledge--Dominion capitalizes on its in-depth knowledge of its
trading and customer markets. Specifically, its knowledge of the energy trading
market allows it to not only manage market risks but also to maximize the value
of its energy portfolio. As Dominion's industry deregulates, Dominion knows
that it must remain focused on reliably and efficiently serving its customer
base in order to retain existing customers and add new ones.

  Investor Focus--The financial interests of Dominion's employees and
management are strongly aligned with the interests of its investor base. They
own more than 16 million shares and together would be Dominion's largest
shareholder. Incentive programs in the form of stock options further align the
interests of Dominion's employees with those of its investors.

 Focused Growth

  Dominion's growth strategy is focused on the MAIN to Maine region and
building on the platform provided by its current asset base.

  Dominion Energy--During the period from 2000 to 2005, Dominion plans to have
added nearly 10,000 megawatts of generation capacity through new plants,
expanded capacity and acquisitions. As part of this plan, 1,100 megawatts of
gas-fired generation capacity are already on line. An additional 800 megawatts
is under construction or in regulatory approval stages in Virginia. Dominion
recently acquired, for approximately $1.3 billion, the 2,000 megawatt Millstone
nuclear facility in Connecticut. Dominion sited four new generation plants with
combined capacity of approximately 2,000 megawatts along the Dominion gas
pipelines in Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. Additional anticipated
capacity expansion of 4,000 megawatts is also planned, including capacity
expansions at its Elwood facility in Illinois. To support these plans, Dominion
has acquired or has options to acquire 45 General Electric turbines and eight
steam turbines which will be sufficient to support its 8,000 megawatts of
generation expansion.

  Dominion Delivery--Dominion expects continued growth in its distribution
business as a result of increasing its customer base and improving its
operational efficiencies through technological advances and development.
Dominion has targeted expansion of Dominion Telecom's fiber optic network by
focusing on smaller markets not yet targeted by the expansion strategies of
major telecommunications companies.

  Dominion Exploration & Production--Over the next four years, Dominion plans
10 to 15 percent average annual growth in Bcfe production. Dominion anticipates
that this growth will be both drill-bit driven from existing resources
including its offshore and Gulf Coast exploration program and through
acquisitions.

  Because of the changes Dominion's industry is undergoing, Dominion continues
to encounter opportunities for acquisitions of assets and business combinations
that would be consistent with its strategic principles. Dominion regularly
investigates any opportunities it

learns about that may increase shareholder value or build on its existing asset
platform. Dominion often participates in bidding and negotiating processes for
those transactions. Any acquisitions or combinations of this type will likely
require Dominion to access external financing sources or issue additional
equity.

Louis Dreyfus

  Louis Dreyfus is one of the largest independent natural gas companies in the
United States engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration, production
and marketing of natural gas and crude oil. Louis Dreyfus' acquisition,
development and exploration activities are primarily conducted in three
geographically concentrated core areas: the Permian Region which includes west
Texas, southeast New Mexico and the San Juan Basin; the Mid-Continent Region
which includes Oklahoma, Kansas, the panhandle of Texas, east Texas, southwest
Arkansas and north Louisiana; and the Gulf Coast Region, which includes south
Texas and offshore Gulf of Mexico. Louis Dreyfus' proved reserves as of
December 31, 2000 totaled 1.8 Tcfe and future net revenues from these reserves
had a discounted present value of $3.7 billion. Properties that Louis Dreyfus
operates contain approximately 79% of Louis Dreyfus' total proved reserves.
Natural gas reserves comprised 89% of Louis Dreyfus' year-end proved reserve
position and 82% of Louis Dreyfus' reserves were proved developed. The average
reserve life of its proved reserves was 13.2 years.

                     DESCRIPTION OF DOMINION CAPITAL STOCK

General

  As of June 30, 2001, Dominion's authorized capital stock was 520,000,000
shares. Those shares consisted of 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of
which 665,000 shares were issued to a subsidiary trust. The trust is
beneficially owned by Dominion and consolidated in the preparation of
Dominion's consolidated financial statements. The authorized shares also
consisted of 500,000,000 of common stock of which approximately 248,100,000
shares were outstanding as of June 30, 2001. No holder of shares of common
stock or preferred stock has any preemptive rights.

Common Stock

 Listing

  Dominion's outstanding shares of common stock are listed on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol "D." Any additional common stock Dominion
issues will also be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

 Dividends

  Common shareholders may receive dividends when declared by the board of
directors. Dividends may be paid in cash, stock or other form. In certain
cases, common shareholders may not receive dividends until Dominion has
satisfied its obligations to any preferred shareholders. Under certain
circumstances Dominion's ability to pay cash dividends is restricted by the
terms of an indenture.

 Fully Paid

  All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Any
additional common stock Dominion issues will also be fully paid and non-
assessable.

 Voting Rights

  Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote in the election of
directors and other matters. Common shareholders are not entitled to cumulative
voting rights.

 Other Rights

  Dominion will notify common shareholders of any shareholders' meetings
according to applicable law. If Dominion liquidates, dissolves or winds up its
business, either voluntarily or not, common shareholders will share equally in
the assets remaining after Dominion pays its creditors and preferred
shareholders.

 Transfer Agents and Registrars

  Dominion, along with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, is transfer
agent and registrar.

Preferred Stock

  Dominion's board of directors can, without approval of its shareholders,
issue one or more series of preferred stock. The board can also determine the
number of shares of each series and the rights, preferences and limitations of
each series, including the dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights,
redemption rights and any liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series
of preferred stock, the number of shares constituting each series and the terms
and conditions of issue. In some cases, the issuance of preferred stock could
delay a change in control of Dominion and make it harder to remove present
management. Under certain circumstances, preferred stock could also restrict
dividend payments to holders of Dominion's common stock.

  Dominion's board of directors has designated 665,000 shares of the preferred
stock as Series A Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock. All of these shares
were issued to a subsidiary trust. The trust is beneficially owned by Dominion
and consolidated in the preparation of Dominion's consolidated financial
statements.

                       COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

  Following the merger, you will own Dominion common stock. The rights of
Dominion shareholders are governed by Virginia law and by Dominion's articles
of incorporation and bylaws. Currently, the rights of Louis Dreyfus
shareholders are governed by Oklahoma law and the certificate of incorporation
and bylaws of Louis Dreyfus. There are differences in the rights of
shareholders under Virginia and Oklahoma laws and under the charter documents
and bylaws of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus. Below is a summary of the more
significant differences in the rights of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus
shareholders.

  Dominion and Louis Dreyfus have filed their charter documents as exhibits to
the reports they file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or, in the
case of Dominion, as exhibits to the registration statement of which this proxy
statement/prospectus is a part. For information on obtaining those documents,
see "Where You Can Find More Information."

                                     Dominion                          Louis Dreyfus
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Board of Directors    Members of the Dominion board of    Members of the Louis Dreyfus board
                        directors serve one-year terms and  of directors serve one-year terms
                        are elected annually.               and are elected annually.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Payment of Dividends  After the merger, dividends paid    Under Oklahoma law, dividends are
                        by Dominion on its capital stock    also declared and paid as
                        will be governed by Virginia law.   determined by the board of
                        Under Virginia law, dividends may   directors. However, the ability of
                        be declared and paid as determined  Louis Dreyfus to pay dividends on
                        by the board of directors,          its capital stock is limited by
                        provided that no dividends may be   certain restrictions imposed upon
                        paid if, after giving effect to     corporations under Oklahoma law.
                        the distribution (i) the            Under Oklahoma law, dividends may
                        corporation would not be able to    be declared and paid out of
                        pay its debts as they become due    surplus, or, in case there is no
                        in the usual course of business,    surplus, out of the corporations'
                        or (ii) the corporation's total     net profits for the fiscal year in
                        assets would be less than the sum   which the dividend is declared
                        of its total liabilities plus any   and/or the net profits from the
                        amount required to be paid to       preceding fiscal year. The
                        holders of preferred stock in the   distribution of dividends is not
                        event of liquidation of the         permitted by an Oklahoma
                        corporation.                        corporation in the event the
                                                            capital of such corporation has
                                                            been diminished by depreciation of
                                                            property or losses to an amount
                                                            less than the aggregate amount of
                                                            the capital represented by issued
                                                            and outstanding stock having a
                                                            preference upon distribution of
                                                            assets.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Cumulative Voting     The articles of incorporation and   The certificate of incorporation
                        bylaws of Dominion do not permit    and bylaws of Louis Dreyfus do not
                        cumulative voting.                  permit cumulative voting.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Preemptive Rights     None of the shareholders of         None of the shareholders of Louis
                        Dominion has preemptive rights.     Dreyfus has preemptive rights.

                                         Dominion                          Louis Dreyfus
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Removal of Directors      Under the articles of               Under Oklahoma law, any director
                            incorporation of Dominion and       or the entire board of directors
                            Virginia law, a director may be     may be removed, with or without
                            removed only at a meeting called    cause, by the holders of a
                            for such purpose. Dominion          majority of the shares then
                            directors may be removed from       entitled to vote at an election of
                            office for cause by the vote of     directors.
                            two-thirds of the outstanding
                            shares entitled to vote.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Board of Director         Any vacancies on the board of       Vacancies, including those due to
  Vacancies                 directors, however caused, and      removal without cause, and newly
                            newly created directorships may be  created directorships may be
                            filled by a majority vote of the    filled by majority vote of the
                            directors then in office, whether   directors then in office, even if
                            or not a quorum. Directors          less than a quorum. Directors
                            appointed in this manner hold       appointed in this manner hold
                            office until the next annual        office until the next annual
                            meeting of shareholders.            meeting of shareholders.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Shareholder Proposals     Dominion's shareholders can submit  Louis Dreyfus' bylaws do not have
  and Director Nominations  shareholder proposals and nominate  a provision similar or comparable
                            candidates for the board of         to Dominion's bylaws regarding
                            directors if the shareholders       advance notice of director
                            follow advance notice procedures    nominations and other shareholder
                            described in Dominion's bylaws.     proposals.
                            Director nominations and
                            shareholder proposals that are
                            late or that do not include all
                            required information may be
                            rejected by Dominion. This could
                            prevent shareholders from bringing
                            certain matters before an annual
                            or special meeting, including
                            making nominations for directors.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Meetings of Shareholders  Under Dominion's bylaws, meetings   Under Louis Dreyfus' bylaws,
                            of the shareholders may be called   special meetings of the
                            only by the chairman of the board,  shareholders, for any purpose or
                            the president or a majority of the  purposes described in the notice
                            board of directors. This provision  of the meeting, may be called by
                            could have the effect of delaying   the board of directors or by the
                            until the next annual               president and shall be held at
                            shareholders' meeting shareholder   such place, on such date and at
                            actions which are favored by the    such time as they, she or he shall
                            holders of a majority of            fix.
                            outstanding voting securities,
                            because such person or entity,
                            even if it acquired a majority of
                            the outstanding voting securities
                            of Dominion, would be able to take
                            action as a shareholder, such as
                            electing new directors or
                            approving a merger, only at a duly
                            called shareholders' meeting.

                                         Dominion                          Louis Dreyfus
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Shareholder Action        Virginia law permits action by the  Under the certificate of
  Without a Meeting         shareholders of a public company    incorporation and bylaws of Louis
                            such as Dominion without a          Dreyfus, any action which may be
                            meeting, provided that all the      taken at any special meeting may
                            shareholders consent in writing to  be taken without a meeting if a
                            the action taken.                   consent in writing, setting forth
                                                                the action, is signed by the
                                                                holders of outstanding stock
                                                                having not less than the minimum
                                                                number of votes that would be
                                                                necessary to authorize or take
                                                                such action at a meeting at which
                                                                all shares entitled to vote were
                                                                present and voted. Oklahoma law
                                                                provides that directors may not be
                                                                elected by less than unanimous
                                                                shareholder consent unless there
                                                                are no board members in office.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Shareholders' Inspection  Under Virginia law, a shareholder   Under Oklahoma law, a shareholder
  Rights                    may inspect a corporation's         may inspect a corporation's stock
                            shareholder records, shareholder    ledgers, the shareholders' list
                            minutes, accounting records and     and its other books and records
                            some board of directors minutes if  for any purpose reasonably related
                            the shareholder makes a demand for  to such person's interest as a
                            the records in good faith and for   shareholder.
                            a proper purpose. The shareholder
                            also must comply with a six months
                            record ownership requirement and
                            certain other procedural
                            requirements when making an
                            inspection demand.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Directors' Duties         The standard of conduct for         The Oklahoma standards of conduct
                            directors of Virginia corporations  for directors have developed
                            is set forth in Section 13.1-690    through written opinions of the
                            of the Code of Virginia. Directors  Oklahoma courts. Generally,
                            must discharge their duties in      directors of Oklahoma corporations
                            accordance with their good faith    are subject to a duty of loyalty
                            business judgment of the best       and a duty of care. The duty of
                            interest of the corporation.        loyalty has been said to require
                            Directors may rely on the advice    directors to refrain from self-
                            or acts of others, including        dealing. The duty of care requires
                            officers, employees, attorneys,     directors to use the amount of
                            accountants and board committees    care which ordinarily careful and
                            if they have a good faith belief    prudent men would use in similar
                            in their competence. Directors'     circumstances.
                            actions are not subject to a
                            reasonableness or prudent person
                            standard. Virginia's federal and
                            state courts have focused on the
                            process involved with directors'
                            decisionmaking and are generally
                            supportive of directors if they
                            have based their decision on an
                            informed process. These elements
                            of Virginia law could make it more
                            difficult to take over a Virginia
                            corporation than corporations in
                            other states.

                                        Dominion                          Louis Dreyfus
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Limitations on Director  Dominion's articles of              Louis Dreyfus' certificate of
  and Officer Liability;   incorporation provide that its      incorporation provides that its
  Indemnification          directors and officers will not be  directors shall not be liable for
                           personally liable for monetary      monetary damages for breach of the
                           damages to the corporation for      director's fiduciary duty of care
                           breaches of their fiduciary duty    to its shareholders. The provision
                           as directors or officers, unless    in the certificate of
                           they violated their duty of         incorporation does not eliminate
                           loyalty to the corporation or its   the duty of care and, in
                           shareholders, acted in bad faith,   appropriate circumstances,
                           knowingly or intentionally          equitable remedies such as
                           violated the law, authorized        injunctive or other forms of non-
                           illegal dividends or redemptions    monetary relief will remain
                           or derived an improper personal     available under Oklahoma law. In
                           benefit from their action as        addition, each director will
                           directors or officers. This         continue to be subject to
                           provision applies only to claims    liability for breach of the
                           against directors or officers       director's duty of loyalty, as
                           arising out of their role as        well as for acts or omissions not
                           directors or officers and not in    in good faith or involving
                           any other capacity. Directors and   intentional misconduct, for
                           officers remain liable for          knowing violations of law, for
                           violations of the federal           actions leading to improper
                           securities laws and Dominion        personal benefit to the director,
                           retains the right to pursue legal   and for payment of dividends or
                           remedies other than monetary        approval of stock repurchases or
                           damages, such as an injunction or   redemptions that are unlawful
                           rescission for breach of the        under Oklahoma law. The provision
                           officer's or director's duty of     also does not affect a director's
                           care.                               responsibilities under any other
                                                               law, such as the state or federal
                           Dominion indemnifies its officers   securities laws. Under the
                           and directors to the fullest        Oklahoma statutes, Louis Dreyfus
                           extent permitted under Virginia     has broad powers to indemnify its
                           law against all liabilities         directors and officers against
                           incurred in connection with their   liabilities they may incur in such
                           service as officers and directors.  capacities, including liabilities
                                                               under the Securities Act of 1933.
                           Dominion has, in connection with    Louis Dreyfus' certificate of
                           certain acquisition transactions,   incorporation provides that it
                           entered into agreements with        shall indemnify its directors and
                           directors and officers of the       officers to the fullest extent
                           entities that were the subject of   permitted by Oklahoma law. Louis
                           such acquisitions to indemnify      Dreyfus has entered into
                           them for periods of time following  Indemnification Agreements with
                           the acquisition closing for their   each director, which require Louis
                           acts or omissions as directors and  Dreyfus to indemnify such persons
                           officers of the acquired entity.    against certain liabilities and
                           Some of these individuals are now   expenses incurred by any such
                           directors and officers of           persons by reason of their status
                           Dominion.                           or service as directors. The
                                                               Indemnification Agreements also
                                                               set forth procedures that will
                                                               apply in the event of a claim for
                                                               indemnification under such
                                                               agreements. In addition, the
                                                               Indemnification Agreements require
                                                               that Louis Dreyfus use
                                                               commercially reasonable efforts to
                                                               maintain policies of directors'
                                                               liability insurance.

                                       Dominion                          Louis Dreyfus
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Common Stock Purchase   Dominion does not have a            Louis Dreyfus does not have a
  Rights                  shareholders rights plan.           shareholders rights plan.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Anti-Takeover Statutes  Section 13.1-725 of the Code of     Louis Dreyfus has opted out of all
                          Virginia contains several           of the anti-takeover provisions
                          provisions relating to              under Oklahoma law.
                          transactions with interested
                          shareholders. Interested
                          shareholders are holders of more
                          than 10% of any class of a
                          corporation's outstanding voting
                          shares. Transactions between a
                          corporation and an interested
                          shareholder are referred to as
                          affiliated transactions. Virginia
                          law requires that material
                          affiliated transactions must be
                          approved by at least two-thirds of
                          the shareholders not including the
                          interested shareholder. Affiliated
                          transactions requiring this two-
                          thirds approval include mergers,
                          share exchanges, material
                          dispositions of corporate assets,
                          dissolution or any
                          reclassification of the
                          corporation with its subsidiaries
                          which increases the percentage of
                          voting shares owned by an
                          interested shareholder by more
                          than five percent.
                          For three years following the time
                          that a shareholder becomes an
                          interested shareholder, a Virginia
                          corporation cannot engage in an
                          affiliated transaction with the
                          interested shareholder without
                          approval of two-thirds of the
                          disinterested voting shares, and
                          majority approval of disinterested
                          directors. A disinterested
                          director is a director who was a
                          director on the date on which an
                          interested shareholder became an
                          interested shareholder or was
                          recommended for election or
                          elected by a majority of the
                          disinterested directors then on
                          the board. After three years, the
                          approval of the disinterested
                          directors is no longer required.
                          The provisions of Virginia law
                          relating to affiliated
                          transactions do not apply if a
                          majority of disinterested
                          directors approve the acquisition
                          of shares making a person an
                          interested shareholder.

                                       Dominion                          Louis Dreyfus
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Anti-Takeover Statutes  Virginia law permits corporations
  (continued)             to opt out of the affiliated
                          transactions provisions. Dominion
                          has not opted out.
                          Virginia law also contains
                          provisions regulating certain
                          control share acquisitions, which
                          are transactions causing the
                          voting strength of any person
                          acquiring beneficial ownership of
                          shares of a public corporation in
                          Virginia to meet or exceed certain
                          threshold voting percentages (20%,
                          33 1/3%, 50%). Shares acquired in
                          a control share acquisition have
                          no voting rights unless the voting
                          rights are granted by a majority
                          vote of all outstanding shares
                          other than those held by the
                          acquiring person or any officer or
                          employee-director of the
                          corporation. The acquiring person
                          may require that a special meeting
                          of the shareholders be held to
                          consider the grant of voting
                          rights to the shares acquired in
                          the control share acquisition.
                          Dominion's bylaws give it the
                          right to redeem the shares
                          purchased by an acquiring person
                          in a control share acquisition.
                          Dominion can do this if the
                          acquiring person fails to deliver
                          a statement to it listing
                          information required by the
                          Virginia Act or if its
                          shareholders vote not to grant
                          voting rights to the acquiring
                          person.
                          Virginia law permits corporations
                          to opt out of the control share
                          acquisition provisions. Dominion
                          has not opted out.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Consolidation, Merger,  In addition to the anti-takeover    Oklahoma law requires mergers and
  Share Exchange and      provisions discussed above,         consolidations of an Oklahoma
  Transfer of Assets      Virginia law requires               corporation or sales of
                          consolidations, mergers, share      substantially all of its assets to
                          exchanges and certain asset         be approved by a majority vote of
                          transfers to be approved by         the holders of the outstanding
                          shareholders. Under Virginia law    shares of the corporation entitled
                          and Dominion's articles of          to vote thereon. Abstentions,
                          incorporation, the vote required    failures to vote and broker non-
                          for approval by each voting group   votes have the same effect as a
                          entitled to vote is a plurality of  vote against the matter.
                          the shares represented at a
                          meeting at which a quorum of the
                          voting group is present.
                          Abstentions and broker non-votes
                          have the same effect as a vote
                          against the matter.

                                        Dominion                          Louis Dreyfus
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Shareholders' Rights in  Virginia law provides generally,    Under Oklahoma law and Louis
  Certain Transactions     with certain exceptions, that a     Dreyfus' certificate of
                           shareholder of a Virginia           incorporation, a shareholder may
                           corporation has the right to        demand and receive the fair value
                           demand and receive payment of the   of his shares of stock if: (i) the
                           fair value of the shareholder's     corporation merges or consolidates
                           stock from a successor corporation  with another corporation or (ii)
                           if: (i) the corporation merges or   another corporation acquires all
                           consolidates with another           or part of the outstanding shares
                           corporation; (ii) the               of the corporation in a
                           shareholder's stock is to be        transaction subject to shareholder
                           acquired in a share exchange;       approval. These rights are not
                           (iii) the corporation transfers     available in connection with the
                           its assets other than in the        sale of all or substantially all
                           ordinary course of business; or     of the assets or an amendment to
                           (iv) the corporation alters its     Louis Dreyfus' certificate of
                           charter in a way which alters       incorporation because Louis
                           contractual rights, as expressly    Dreyfus has not elected for these
                           set forth in the charter, of any    rights to be available in such
                           outstanding stock and               circumstances.
                           substantially adversely affects
                           the shareholder's rights, unless    Before a shareholder may assert
                           the right to do so is reserved by   his or her appraisal rights, the
                           the charter of the corporation.     shareholder must have voted
                                                               against the decision. Each
                           In order for a shareholder to       shareholder electing to demand the
                           perfect his or her dissenters'      appraisal of the shares must
                           rights, the shareholder must file   deliver to the corporation, before
                           with the corporation prior to the   the taking of the vote on the
                           vote a demand in writing for the    merger or consolidation, a written
                           fair cash value of his or her       demand for appraisal of the shares
                           shares of his or her intent to      of the shareholder. The demand
                           demand payment. Virginia law        will be sufficient if it
                           provides that the right to fair     reasonably informs the corporation
                           value does not apply, with certain  of the identity of the shareholder
                           exceptions unless shareholders are  and that the shareholder intends
                           required by the terms of agreement  thereby to demand the appraisal of
                           to accept consideration other       the shares of the shareholder.
                           than, among other things, shares
                           of stock of any stock listed on a   Within ten (10) days after the
                           national securities exchange or     effective date of the merger or
                           cash or a combination thereof.      consolidation, the surviving or
                                                               resulting corporation must notify
                                                               each shareholder of each
                                                               constituent corporation who has
                                                               provided a written demand for
                                                               appraisal and who has not voted in
                                                               favor of or consented to the
                                                               merger or consolidation that the
                                                               merger or consolidation has become
                                                               effective. Oklahoma law provides
                                                               that no appraisal rights are
                                                               available for shares of stock
                                                               listed on a national securities
                                                               exchange or held of record by more
                                                               than two thousand holders.
                                                               However, appraisal rights are
                                                               available for shares of stock if
                                                               the holders are required by the
                                                               terms of an agreement of merger or
                                                               consolidation to accept for the
                                                               stock anything except; (a) shares
                                                               of stock of the surviving

                                         Dominion                          Louis Dreyfus
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Shareholders' Rights in                                       corporation; (b) shares of stock
  Certain Transactions                                          of any other corporation which
  (continued)                                                   will be either listed on a
                                                                national securities exchange or
                                                                designated as a national market
                                                                system security on an interdealer
                                                                quotation system or held of record
                                                                by more than two thousand holders;
                                                                (c) cash in lieu of fractional
                                                                shares; or (d) any combination of
                                                                shares of stock, depository
                                                                receipts, and cash in lieu of
                                                                fractional shares.
                                                                Shareholders of Louis Dreyfus have
                                                                rights appraisal in connection
                                                                with the proposed merger. See "The
                                                                Merger--Appraisal Rights of
                                                                Shareholders."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Amendment of Articles of  Generally, the Dominion articles    Louis Dreyfus' certificate of
  Incorporation             of incorporation may be amended by  incorporation may be amended by a
                            a plurality of the shares           vote of the holders of a majority
                            represented at a meeting where a    of outstanding shares of common
                            quorum is present. Some provisions  stock. Except upon the affirmative
                            of the articles of incorporation,   vote of all of the shares issued
                            however, may only be amended or     and outstanding, no amendment to
                            repealed by a vote of at least      the certificate of incorporation
                            two-thirds of the outstanding       may be adopted which would impose
                            shares entitled to vote.            personal liability for the debts
                                                                of the corporation on the
                                                                shareholders.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

  The legality of the Dominion shares being offered hereby is being passed upon
for Dominion by James F. Stutts, Esquire, its Vice President and General
Counsel. Mr. Stutts is a full-time employee and officer of Dominion and
beneficially owned 221,672 shares (including 156,000 options) of Dominion
common stock as of September 20, 2001.

                                    EXPERTS

Dominion

  The consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement
schedules incorporated in this prospectus by reference from Dominion's Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their reports (which
reports express an unqualified opinion and include an explanatory paragraph
relating to changes in accounting principle for the method of accounting used
to develop the market-related value of pension plan assets, and for the method
of accounting for oil and gas exploration and production activities to the full
cost method), which are incorporated herein by reference, and have been so
incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their
authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

Louis Dreyfus

  The consolidated financial statements and the related financial statement
schedule of Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp. at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000, incorporated
in this prospectus by reference from Louis Dreyfus' Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2000 have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP,
independent auditors, as set forth in their report thereon included therein and
incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements and
related financial statement schedule have been incorporated in reliance upon
such report given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

  Certain estimates of Louis Dreyfus' oil and gas reserves and related
information as of December 31, 2000 included in Louis Dreyfus' Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement/prospectus have been derived from engineering reports
prepared by Louis Dreyfus' engineers and reviewed and reported on by Ryder
Scott Company L.P., independent petroleum engineers, and all such information
has been so incorporated in reliance on the authority of such firm as experts
regarding the matters contained in their reports.

       UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

  The following unaudited pro forma information reflects the historical
combined condensed consolidated financial data of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus
after accounting for the merger as a purchase business combination.
Accordingly, you should read the following information together with the
historical consolidated financial statements of Dominion and Louis Dreyfus and
all related notes, which are incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus
by reference. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated balance
sheet assumes the merger became effective as of June 30, 2001. The unaudited
combined condensed consolidated statements of income from continuing operations
assume the merger became effective on January 1, 2000.

  The information presented below is not necessarily indicative of the results
of operations that might have occurred had the merger actually closed on
January 1, 2000, or the actual financial position that might have resulted had
the merger actually closed on June 30, 2001. The information is also not
indicative of the future results of operations or financial position of
Dominion.

The Transaction

  The merger agreement provides that Louis Dreyfus will merge into a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of Dominion.

  The unaudited pro forma combined condensed consolidated financial data assume
that 1) all Louis Dreyfus shares of common stock were exchanged for cash
consideration of $20.00 per share plus an exchange ratio of 0.3226 per share of
Dominion common stock and 2) all employee and director stock options were
exchanged for equivalent options to purchase shares of Dominion common stock.
The total consideration for the transaction using this value was approximately
$1.8 billion, excluding the assumption of $523 million of Louis Dreyfus debt.

Accounting Treatment

  The merger will be accounted for by the purchase method of accounting. Under
the purchase method, identifiable assets and liabilities of Louis Dreyfus will
be recorded at their fair values. The remaining difference between the purchase
price of Louis Dreyfus, including direct costs of the acquisition, will be
recorded as goodwill. Allocations included in the unaudited pro forma
statements are based on preliminary analysis. Accordingly, the final value of
the purchase price and its allocation may differ, perhaps significantly, from
the amount included in these pro forma statements.

                  DOMINION RESOURCES AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

  UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME FROM
                             CONTINUING OPERATIONS

                                      Year Ended December 31, 2000
                          ------------------------------------------------------
                            Dominion     Louis Dreyfus    Pro Forma    Pro Forma
                          (As Reported) (As Reported)(A) Adjustments   Combined
                          ------------- ---------------- -----------   ---------
                                  (Millions, except per share amounts)

Operating Revenue........    $9,260          $ 474                      $9,734
Operating Expenses:
 Electric fuel and energy
  purchases, net.........     1,106                                      1,106
 Purchased electric
  capacity...............       741                                        741
 Purchased gas, net......     1,453                                      1,453
 Liquids, pipeline
  capacity and other
  purchases..............       299                                        299
 Restructuring and other
  acquisition-related
  costs..................       460                                        460
 Other operations and
  maintenance............     2,011            117          $(36)(G)     2,092
 Depreciation, depletion
  and amortization.......     1,176            129            28 (E)     1,333
 Other taxes.............       485             31                         516
                             ------          -----          ----        ------
  Total operating
   expenses..............     7,731            277            (8)        8,000
                             ------          -----          ----        ------
Income from operations...     1,529            197             8         1,734
Other income.............        93              3                          96
Interest and related
 charges.................     1,024             41            44 (B)     1,109
                             ------          -----          ----        ------
Income before income
 taxes...................       598            159           (36)          721
Income taxes.............       183             61           (14)(D3)      230
                             ------          -----          ----        ------
Income from continuing
 operations..............    $  415          $  98          $(22)       $  491
                             ======          =====          ====        ======
Average shares of common
 stock--basic............     235.2           41.8                       249.3
Earnings per share--
 basic:
 Income from continuing
  operations.............    $ 1.76          $2.35                      $ 1.97
                             ======          =====                      ======
Average shares of common
 stock--diluted..........     235.9           42.8                       250.3
Earnings per share--
 diluted:
 Income from continuing
  operations.............    $ 1.76          $2.29                      $ 1.96
                             ======          =====                      ======

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial
Data.

                  DOMINION RESOURCES AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

  UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME FROM
                             CONTINUING OPERATIONS

                                     Six Months Ended June 30, 2001
                          ------------------------------------------------------
                            Dominion     Louis Dreyfus    Pro Forma    Pro Forma
                          (As Reported) (As Reported)(A) Adjustments   Combined
                          ------------- ---------------- -----------   ---------
                                  (Millions, except per share amounts)

Operating Revenue........    $5,507          $ 368                      $5,875
Operating Expenses:
 Electric fuel and energy
  purchases, net.........       660                                        660
 Purchased electric
  capacity...............       346                                        346
 Purchased gas, net......     1,305                                      1,305
 Liquids, pipeline
  capacity and other
  purchases..............       112                                        112
 Other operations and
  maintenance............     1,257             68          $(21)(G)     1,304
 Depreciation, depletion
  and amortization.......       596             65            14 (E)       675
 Other taxes.............       217             23                         240
                             ------          -----          ----        ------
  Total operating
   expenses..............     4,493            156            (7)        4,642
                             ------          -----          ----        ------
Income from operations...     1,014            212             7         1,233
Other income.............        40              1                          41
Interest and related
 charges.................       510             17            22 (B)       549
                             ------          -----          ----        ------
Income before income
 taxes...................       544            196           (15)          725
Income taxes.............       226             75            (6)(D3)      295
                             ------          -----          ----        ------
Income from continuing
 operations..............    $  318          $ 121          $ (9)       $  430
                             ======          =====          ====        ======
Average shares of common
 stock--basic............     246.8           43.9                       260.9
Earnings per share--
 basic:
 Income from continuing
  operations.............    $ 1.29          $2.76                      $ 1.65
                             ======          =====                      ======
Average shares of common
 stock--diluted..........     249.4           44.7                       264.0
Earnings per share--
 diluted:
 Income from continuing
  operations.............    $ 1.27          $2.71                      $ 1.63
                             ======          =====                      ======

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial
Data.

                  DOMINION RESOURCES AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

       UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                 June 30, 2001

                                           At June 30, 2001
                         ----------------------------------------------------------
                           Dominion     Louis Dreyfus    Pro Forma        Pro Forma
                         (As Reported) (As Reported)(A) Adjustments       Combined
                         ------------- ---------------- -----------       ---------
                                              (Millions)
         ASSETS
         ------

Current Assets:
 Cash and cash
  equivalents...........    $   476         $    2                         $   478
 Accounts receivable,
  net...................      2,794            103                           2,897
 Inventories............        437                                            437
 Investment securities-
  trading...............        307                                            307
 Mortgage loans held
  for sale..............        639                                            639
 Commodity contract
  assets................      1,430             68                           1,498
 Prepayments............        216                                            216
 Other..................        372              4                             376
                            -------         ------                         -------
   Total current
    assets..............      6,671            177                           6,848
                            -------         ------                         -------
Investments.............      3,447                                          3,447
Property, Plant and
 Equipment:
 Property, plant and
  equipment.............     29,978          2,097        $  585 (D1)       32,660
 Accumulated
  depreciation,
  depletion, and
  amortization..........    (14,211)          (642)          642 (D1)      (14,211)
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
   Total property, plant
    and equipment.......     15,767          1,455         1,227            18,449
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
Deferred Charges and
 Other Assets:
 Goodwill, net..........      3,663                          242 (D2)        3,905
 Prepaid pension
  costs.................      1,419                                          1,419
 Other..................      1,286             64                           1,350
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
   Total deferred
    charges and other
    assets..............      6,368             64           242             6,674
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
Total assets............    $32,253         $1,696        $1,469           $35,418
                            =======         ======        ======           =======

 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 ------------------------------------

Current Liabilities:
 Securities due within
  one year..............    $   975                                        $   975
 Short-term debt........      1,491                       $  875 (B)         2,366
 Accounts payable,
  trade.................      2,175         $   81            19 (F)         2,275
 Commodity contract
  liabilities...........      1,279             26                           1,305
 Other..................      1,425             35                           1,460
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
   Total current
    liabilities.........      7,345            142           894             8,381
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
Long-Term Debt:
 Long-term debt.........     11,487            523                          12,010
 Notes payable-
  affiliates............        643                                            643
                            -------         ------                         -------
   Total long-term
    debt................     12,130            523                          12,653
                            -------         ------                         -------
Deferred Credits and
 Other Liabilities:
 Deferred taxes.........      3,013            146           449 (D3)        3,608
 Other..................      1,131             95                           1,226
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
   Total deferred
    credits and other
    liabilities.........      4,144            241           449             4,834
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
   Total liablilities...     23,619            906         1,343            25,868
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
Obligated manditorily
 redeemable preferred
 securities of
 subsidiary trusts......        935                                            935
                            -------                                        -------
Subsidiary preferred
 stock not subject to
 mandatory redemption...        509                                            509
                            -------                                        -------
Common Shareholders'
 Equity:
 Common stock...........      6,086                           14 (C)         6,100
 Other paid-in
  capital...............         23            509           393 (C,H,I)       925
 Accumulated other
  comprehensive
  income................         51             35          (35) (I)            51
 Retaining earnings.....      1,030            248         (248) (I)         1,030
 Treasury stock.........                        (2)            2 (I)
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
 Total common
  shareholders'
  equity................      7,190            790           126             8,106
                            -------         ------        ------           -------
Total liabilities and
 shareholders' equity...    $32,253         $1,696        $1,469           $35,418
                            =======         ======        ======           =======

See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial
Data.

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

  The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial Data are
based on the following assumptions:

A. Certain revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities of Louis Dreyfus have
   been reclassified to conform with Dominion's presentation.

B. The issuance of $875 million of commercial paper by Dominion at 5% to fund
   the cash distributed in exchange for the outstanding shares of Louis Dreyfus
   at the closing of the merger. Dominion anticipates replacing a significant
   portion of the commercial paper with proceeds from the issuance of debt
   and/or preferred securities.

C. The issuance of 14.1 million shares of Dominion common stock at the closing
   of the merger based on the exchange ratio of 0.3226 share of Dominion common
   stock for each share of Louis Dreyfus common stock, amounting to $884
   million, and the conversion of Louis Dreyfus employee stock options into
   Dominion common stock options with an estimated fair value of $32 million.

D. Purchase adjustments which have been made to the assets and liabilities of
   Louis Dreyfus to reflect the effect of the merger accounted for as a
   purchase business combination are as follows (in millions):

   Purchase Adjustments
   --------------------

   Total exploration and production properties (1)...................... $1,227
   Goodwill (2).........................................................    242
   Deferred taxes (3)...................................................    449

  1. Exploration and production properties are adjusted to reflect the Louis
     Dreyfus exploration and production properties at estimated fair value.
     The fair value of proved reserves were estimated to be $1.8 billion and
     unproved properties were estimated to be $842 million.

  2. Goodwill is recognized, representing the portion of the purchase price
     in excess of the estimated fair value of identified assets and
     liabilities. No amortization of goodwill is included in the Unaudited
     Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial Data, as provided in
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other
     Intangible Assets, for business combinations completed after June 30,
     2001. The allocation of the purchase price will be based on the fair
     value of identified assets and liabilities as of the date the business
     combination is completed. Accordingly, goodwill will be adjusted as a
     result of the determination of such fair values and thus will differ
     from the amount reported in the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed
     Consolidated Balance Sheet.

  3. Deferred taxes are adjusted to record the additional deferred taxes,
     resulting primarily from the recognition of the estimated fair value of
     the Louis Dreyfus exploration and production properties. The estimated
     provision for income taxes related to the pro forma adjustments are
     based on an assumed combined federal and state income tax rate of 38%.

E. Pro forma adjustments reflect the additional depletion related to the
   adjustment of the Louis Dreyfus exploration and production properties to
   estimated fair value under the full cost method of accounting. See Note G.

F. The companies expect to record direct costs of the merger (including fees of
   financial advisors, legal counsel, independent auditors and payments under
   certain employment contracts). The direct costs of the merger are estimated
   to be $19 million. The estimated charges and nature of costs included
   therein are subject to change, as more accurate estimates become available.

   The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial Data do
   not reflect the nonrecurring costs and expenses associated with integrating
   the operations of the two companies, nor any of the anticipated recurring
   expense savings arising from the integration.

G. Dominion uses the full cost method to account for its oil and gas
   operations. Louis Dreyfus utilizes the successful efforts method of
   accounting for its oil and gas operations. The pro forma data reflect an
   estimate of the change from the successful efforts method to the full cost
   method for the Louis Dreyfus oil and gas operations. This change resulted in
   a $5 million increase in earnings in the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income from Continuing Operations for
   the year ended December 31, 2000 and the six months ended June 30, 2001,
   respectively.

H. The Louis Dreyfus Stock Option Plan ("Stock Option Plan") provides for
   awards of stock options to certain employees and non-employee directors.
   Approval by the shareholders of the merger will constitute a change of
   control under the Stock Option Plan. Unless the Louis Dreyfus Compensation
   Committee provides otherwise, upon a change of control (i) all stock options
   previously granted will become fully vested and exercisable, and (ii) for 60
   days after the change of control, the option holders may surrender their
   options and receive a cash payment in an amount equal to the difference
   between the fair market value on the date preceding the date of surrender of
   the shares subject to the option and the aggregate exercise price for the
   shares under the options. However, the merger agreement provides that before
   the approval of the merger by the shareholders, Louis Dreyfus will cause its
   Compensation Committee to exercise its authority under the Stock Option Plan
   to make a determination that option holders will not be permitted to
   surrender for cancellation their outstanding options for a cash payment
   following a change in control. As of the date of the merger agreement,
   Louis Dreyfus employees held 1.9 million outstanding and unvested stock
   options that would vest as a result of a change in control. The Unaudited
   Pro Forma Combined Condensed Consolidated Financial Data assumes that such
   options are exchanged for options for 1.2 million shares of Dominion common
   stock.

I. The application of the purchase method of accounting eliminates the
   preexisting balances of Louis Dreyfus' other paid-in capital, accumulated
   other comprehensive income, retained earnings and treasury stock.

                      SUBMISSION OF SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

  In order for proposals of Louis Dreyfus shareholders intended to be presented
for action at the annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2002 (if the
merger does not close before that time) and to be considered for inclusion in
the Louis Dreyfus proxy statement and form of proxy relating to that meeting,
such proposals must be received by Louis Dreyfus on or before December 16,
2001. In addition, the proxy solicited by the board of directors for the 2002
annual meeting will confer discretionary authority to vote on any proposal
presented at the 2002 annual meeting, unless Louis Dreyfus is provided with
notice of the proposal no later than March 2, 2002. All shareholder proposals
should be delivered to the attention of the corporate secretary of Louis
Dreyfus at its principal corporate offices, 14000 Quail Springs Parkway, Suite
600, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73134.

                                 OTHER MATTERS

  Louis Dreyfus management does not know of any matters to be presented for
action at the special meeting other than those listed in the Notice of Meeting.
If any other matters properly come before the special meeting, it is intended
that the proxy solicited by the Louis Dreyfus board of directors will be voted
in accordance with the recommendation of the board of directors.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

  Dominion and Louis Dreyfus file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. Dominion's and Louis Dreyfus'
SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC's web site
at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document Dominion or
Louis Dreyfus filed at the SEC's public reference rooms in Washington, D.C.,
New York and Chicago. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the public reference rooms. You may also read and copy these
documents at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street, New
York, New York 10005.

  The SEC allows companies to "incorporate by reference" the information filed
with them, which means that Dominion and Louis Dreyfus can disclose important
information to you by referring you to those documents. The information
incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and information that is later filed by the companies with
the Securities and Exchange Commission will automatically update and supersede
this information. The documents listed below and any future filings made with
the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 are incorporated by reference, until such time as all of the offering
of the securities covered by this proxy statement/prospectus has been
completed:

  Filed by Dominion:

  .  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000;

  .  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2001
     and June 30, 2001;

  .  Current Reports on Form 8-K filed January 12, 2001, January 24, 2001,
     May 25, 2001 and September 10, 2001; and

  .  The description of Dominion's common stock contained in Form 8-B (Item
     4) dated April 29, 1983.

  Filed by Louis Dreyfus:

  .  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000;

  .  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2001
     and June 30, 2001; and

  .  Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 12, 2001.

  You may request a copy of these filings at no cost, by writing or telephoning
the respective companies at the following addresses:

    Corporate Secretary
    Dominion Resources, Inc.
    120 Tredegar Street
    Richmond, Virginia 23219
    (804) 819-2000

    Corporate Secretary
    Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp.
    14000 Quail Springs Parkway, Suite 600
    Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73134
    (405) 749-1300

  You should rely on the information incorporated by reference or provided in
this proxy statement/prospectus. No one else is authorized to provide you with
different information. No offer is being made of these securities in any state
where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in
this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date
on the front of this document.

                                    ANNEXES

A. Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended and restated).

B. Principal Shareholders Agreement.

C. Fairness Opinion of Lehman Brothers Inc.

D. Section 1091 of the Oklahoma General Corporation Act.

                                                                         ANNEX A
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
                           (as amended and restated)

                                  BY AND AMONG

                           DOMINION RESOURCES, INC.,

                        CONSOLIDATED NATURAL GAS COMPANY

                                      AND

                        LOUIS DREYFUS NATURAL GAS CORP.

                         Dated as of September 9, 2001

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                   ARTICLE I
                                THE ACQUISITION

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

 Section 1.1  Formation of Newco; the Merger; Contribution to Sub.........   A-2
 Section 1.2  The Closing.................................................   A-2
 Section 1.3  Effective Time..............................................   A-2
 Section 1.4  Certificate of Incorporation................................   A-3
 Section 1.5  Bylaws......................................................   A-3
 Section 1.6  Board of Directors and Officers.............................   A-3
                                   ARTICLE II
                          CONVERSION OF COMPANY SHARES
 Section 2.1  Effect On Capital Stock.....................................   A-3
 Section 2.2  Exchange of Certificates for Shares.........................   A-4
 Section 2.3  Dissenters' Rights..........................................   A-7
 Section 2.4  Adjustments to Prevent Dilution.............................   A-7
                                  ARTICLE III
                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY
 Section 3.1  Existence; Good Standing; Corporate Authority...............   A-7
 Section 3.2  Authorization, Validity and Effect of Agreements............   A-8
 Section 3.3  Capitalization..............................................   A-8
 Section 3.4  Subsidiaries................................................   A-8
 Section 3.5  No Violation................................................   A-9
 Section 3.6  No Conflict.................................................   A-9
 Section 3.7  SEC Documents and Financial Statements......................  A-10
 Section 3.8  Litigation..................................................  A-11
 Section 3.9  Absence of Certain Changes..................................  A-11
 Section 3.10 Taxes.......................................................  A-11
 Section 3.11 Employee Benefit Plans......................................  A-14
 Section 3.12 Labor and Employment Matters................................  A-15
 Section 3.13 Environmental Matters.......................................  A-16
 Section 3.14 Compliance with Laws........................................  A-17
 Section 3.15 Intellectual Property.......................................  A-17
 Section 3.16 Oil and Gas Reserves........................................  A-18
 Section 3.17 Financial and Commodity Hedging.............................  A-18
 Section 3.18 Indebtedness and Certain Contracts..........................  A-18
 Section 3.19 Title to Properties.........................................  A-19
 Section 3.20 Insurance...................................................  A-20
 Section 3.21 No Brokers..................................................  A-20
 Section 3.22 Opinion of Financial Advisors...............................  A-20
 Section 3.23 Board Recommendation; Vote Required.........................  A-20
 Section 3.24 Holding Company; Investment Company; Utility................  A-21
 Section 3.25 Certain Approvals...........................................  A-21

                                       i

                                   ARTICLE IV
                REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

 Section 4.1  Existence; Good Standing; Corporate Authority.............   A-21
 Section 4.2  Authorization, Validity and Effect of Agreements..........   A-22
 Section 4.3  Capitalization............................................   A-22
 Section 4.4  No Violation..............................................   A-23
 Section 4.5  No Conflict...............................................   A-23
 Section 4.6  SEC Documents.............................................   A-24
 Section 4.7  Financing.................................................   A-24
 Section 4.8  No Brokers................................................   A-24
 Section 4.9  No Vote Required..........................................   A-24
 Section 4.10 Absence of Changes........................................   A-25
                                   ARTICLE V
                     CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER
 Section 5.1  Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger.....   A-25
 Section 5.2  Conduct of Business of Parent.............................   A-27
                                   ARTICLE VI
                             ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS
 Section 6.1  No Solicitation by the Company............................   A-28
 Section 6.2  Shareholders' Meeting.....................................   A-30
 Section 6.3  Filings; Reasonable Best Efforts..........................   A-30
 Section 6.4  Access to Information.....................................   A-32
 Section 6.5  Notification of Certain Matters...........................   A-33
 Section 6.6  Registration Statement; Proxy Statement...................   A-33
 Section 6.7  Listing Application.......................................   A-34
 Section 6.8  Agreements of Affiliates..................................   A-34
 Section 6.9  Indemnification and Insurance.............................   A-34
 Section 6.10 Employee Benefits.........................................   A-36
 Section 6.11 Reorganization............................................   A-38
 Section 6.12 Public Statements.........................................   A-38
 Section 6.13 Fees and Expenses.........................................   A-39
 Section 6.14 Company Name and Trademarks...............................   A-39
                                  ARTICLE VII
                                   CONDITIONS
              Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger
 Section 7.1  ..........................................................   A-39
                   Conditions to Obligation of the Company to Effect the
 Section 7.2  Merger....................................................   A-39
 Section 7.3  Conditions to Obligation of Parent to Effect the Merger...   A-39

                                       ii

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  TERMINATION

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

 Section 8.1  Termination by Mutual Consent..............................   A-41
 Section 8.2  Termination by Parent or the Company.......................   A-41
 Section 8.3  Termination by the Company.................................   A-42
 Section 8.4  Termination by Parent......................................   A-42
 Section 8.5  Effect of Termination......................................   A-43
 Section 8.6  Extension; Waiver..........................................   A-44
                                   ARTICLE IX
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS
 Section 9.1  Nonsurvival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements..   A-45
 Section 9.2  Notices....................................................   A-45
 Section 9.3  Assignment; Binding Effect; Benefit........................   A-46
 Section 9.4  Entire Agreement...........................................   A-46
 Section 9.5  Amendments.................................................   A-46
 Section 9.6  Governing Law..............................................   A-46
 Section 9.7  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.......................................   A-46
 Section 9.8  Counterparts; Facsimile Transmission of Signatures.........   A-47
 Section 9.9  Headings...................................................   A-47
 Section 9.10 Interpretation.............................................   A-47
 Section 9.11 Waivers....................................................   A-48
 Section 9.12 Incorporation of Exhibits..................................   A-48
 Section 9.13 Severability...............................................   A-48
 Section 9.14 Enforcement of Agreement...................................   A-48
 Section 9.15 Obligation of Sub..........................................   A-48

                                      iii

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

  THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") dated as of September 9,
2001, is among DOMINION RESOURCES, INC., a Virginia corporation ("Parent"),
CONSOLIDATED NATURAL GAS COMPANY, a Delaware corporation and a direct and
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), and LOUIS DREYFUS NATURAL GAS CORP.,
an Oklahoma corporation (the "Company").

                                    RECITALS

[from Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 9, 2001]

  A.  The respective Boards of Directors of each of Parent, Sub and the Company
have determined that the merger of the Company with and into Sub (the
"Merger"), in the manner contemplated herein, is advisable and in the best
interests of their respective corporations and shareholders, and, by
resolutions duly adopted, have approved and adopted this Agreement.

  B.  It is intended for federal income tax purposes that the Merger qualify as
a reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and the regulations promulgated
thereunder (the "Treasury Regulations").

  C.  As a condition and inducement to the willingness of Parent to enter into
this Agreement, certain principal shareholders of the Company have entered into
an agreement with Parent and Sub pursuant to which such shareholders have (i)
agreed, among other things, to vote their Company Shares in favor of the Merger
and (ii) granted to Parent and Sub an irrevocable proxy to vote their Company
Shares upon the terms and conditions set forth therein (the "Principal
Shareholders Agreement").

[from Amendment No. 1 dated as of September 17, 2001]

  Parent, Sub and the Company have entered into the Agreement and Plan of
Merger dated as of September 9, 2001 (the "Original Agreement") which provides
for the merger of the Company with and into Sub. Section 1.1 of the Original
Agreement provides that Parent may, at its election, substitute for Sub any
direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent as a constituent corporation to the
Merger. Parent has determined to form a new corporation ("Newco") as a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and that Newco rather than Sub shall be the
corporation with and into which the Company shall merge. In order to accomplish
the intended purpose of the transaction that the Company be acquired by Sub,
promptly following the Effective Time of the Merger, Parent will contribute to
Sub all of the outstanding capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.
Accordingly, the parties have entered into this Amendment. The Original
Agreement and this Amendment are referred to collectively as the "Agreement."
Capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein have the meaning given to such
terms in the Original Agreement.

                                      A-1

  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                                THE ACQUISITION

    Section 1.1  Formation of Newco; the Merger; Contribution to Sub.
  Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall form a new corporation
  ("Newco") under the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL"). Newco
  shall be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and shall be
  formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
  contemplated hereby, and will engage in no other business activities,
  will not have any material liabilities and will conduct its operations
  only as contemplated under this Agreement. Parent shall take all
  necessary action to cause the Agreement, as amended, to be duly
  authorized, executed, delivered and performed by Newco. Subject to the
  terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as
  defined in Section 1.3), the Company shall be merged with and into
  Newco in accordance with this Agreement, and the separate corporate
  existence of the Company shall thereupon cease. Newco (sometimes
  hereinafter referred to as the "Surviving Corporation") shall be the
  surviving corporation in the Merger and shall be a wholly owned
  subsidiary of Parent. The Merger shall have the effects specified in
  the DGCL and the Oklahoma General Corporation Act (the "OGCA").
  Promptly following the Effective Time Parent shall contribute to Sub
  all of the outstanding capital stock of the Surviving Corporation and
  the Surviving Corporation shall become a wholly owned subsidiary of
  Sub. At the election of Parent, any direct wholly owned subsidiary of
  Parent may be substituted for Newco as a constituent corporation in
  the Merger. In such event, the parties hereto agree to execute an
  appropriate amendment to this Agreement in order to reflect such
  substitution.

    Section 1.2  The Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of
  this Agreement, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take
  place (i) at the offices of McGuireWoods LLP, One James Center,
  Richmond, Virginia, at 9:00 a.m., local time, on the first business
  day immediately following the day on which the last to be fulfilled or
  waived of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than those
  conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing,
  but subject to fulfillment or waiver of those conditions) shall be
  fulfilled or waived in accordance herewith or (ii) at such other time,
  date or place as Parent and the Company may agree in writing. The date
  on which the Closing occurs is hereinafter referred to as the "Closing
  Date."

    Section 1.3  Effective Time. If all the conditions to the Merger set
  forth in Article VII shall have been fulfilled or waived in accordance
  herewith and this Agreement shall not have been terminated as provided
  in Article VIII, on the

                                      A-2

  Closing Date, certificates of merger (the "Certificates of Merger")
  meeting the requirements of Section 251 of the DGCL and Section 1082
  of the OGCA shall be properly executed and filed with the Secretary of
  State of the State of Delaware and the Secretary of State of the State
  of Oklahoma, respectively. The Merger shall become effective upon the
  filing of the Certificates of Merger with the Secretaries of State of
  the State of Delaware and Oklahoma in accordance with the DGCL and the
  OGCA, or at such later time that the parties hereto shall have agreed
  upon and designated in such filing as the effective time of the Merger
  (the "Effective Time").

    Section 1.4  Certificate of Incorporation. The certificate of
  incorporation of Newco in effect immediately prior to the Effective
  Time shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
  Corporation, until duly amended in accordance with applicable law.

    Section 1.5  Bylaws. The bylaws of Newco in effect immediately prior
  to the Effective Time shall be the bylaws of the Surviving
  Corporation, until duly amended in accordance with applicable law.

    Section 1.6  Board of Directors and Officers. The board of directors
  of the Surviving Corporation shall consist of the board of directors
  of Newco, as it existed immediately prior to the Effective Time. The
  officers of Newco immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
  officers of the Surviving Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE II
                          CONVERSION OF COMPANY SHARES

    Section 2.1  Effect On Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, the
  Merger shall have the following effects on the capital stock of the
  Company and Newco, without any action on the part of the holder of any
  capital stock of the Company or Newco:

    (a) Conversion of the Company Shares. Subject to the provisions of
  this Section 2.1 and Section 2.3, each share of common stock, $0.01
  par value, of the Company (each a "Company Share" and collectively the
  "Company Shares") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
  Effective Time (but not including any Dissenting Shares (as defined
  below) and any Company Shares that are owned by (i) Parent, Newco or
  any other direct or indirect Subsidiary of Parent or (ii) by the
  Company (the "Excluded Company Shares")) shall, by virtue of the
  Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be
  converted into the right to receive (i) $20.00 in cash (the "Cash
  Consideration"), (ii) 0.3226 (the "Exchange Ratio") of a Parent Common
  Share (the "Share Consideration" and, together with the Cash
  Consideration, the "Merger Consideration") and (iii), in the event the
  Effective Time does not occur on or before the record date for the
  regular quarterly dividend on Parent Common Shares payable in December
  2001 (the "December 2001 Dividend") and/or March 2002 (the "March 2002

                                      A-3

  Dividend"), as the case may be, and such failure was not the result of
  a failure by the Company to perform or observe in any material respect
  any of its obligations under this Agreement, an amount in cash equal
  to the December 2001 Dividend and/or the March 2002 Dividend, as the
  case may be, payable in respect of a Parent Common Share multiplied by
  the Exchange Ratio (which sum shall be part of the Cash
  Consideration). "Parent Common Share" shall mean the common shares, no
  par value, of Parent.

    (b) Cancellation of Excluded Company Shares. Each Excluded Company
  Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
  shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
  the holder thereof, no longer be outstanding, shall be canceled and
  retired without payment of any consideration therefor and shall cease
  to exist.

    (c) Newco. At the Effective Time, each share of common stock, no par
  value, of Newco issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
  Effective Time shall
  remain outstanding as shares of common stock of the Surviving
  Corporation, and the Surviving Corporation shall continue as a wholly
  owned subsidiary of Parent.

  Section 2.2 Exchange of Certificates for Shares.

    (a) Exchange Procedures. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
designate a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to act
as agent for the holders of Company Shares in connection with the Merger (the
"Exchange Agent") to receive the Merger Consideration to which holders of such
shares shall become entitled pursuant to Section 2.1(a). Prior to the Effective
Time, Parent will deposit with the Exchange Agent certificates representing
Parent Common Shares and cash sufficient to make all payments pursuant to
Sections 2.1(a) and 2.2(d) and, when and as needed, Parent shall deposit with
the Exchange Agent cash sufficient to make all payments pursuant to Section
2.2(b). As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record as
of the Effective Time of a certificate which immediately prior to the Effective
Time represented Company Shares (each a "Certificate") (other than holders of a
Certificate in respect of Excluded Company Shares) (i) a letter of transmittal
specifying that delivery of the Certificates shall be effected, and that risk
of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the
Certificates (or, in lieu of such Certificates, affidavits of loss together
with either a reasonable undertaking to indemnify Parent or the Surviving
Corporation, if Parent believes that the person providing the indemnity is
sufficiently creditworthy, or, if Parent does not so believe, indemnity bonds)
to the Exchange Agent, such letter of transmittal to be in such form and have
such other provisions as Parent and the Surviving Corporation may reasonably
agree, and (ii) instructions for exchanging the Certificates and receiving the
Merger Consideration to which such holder shall be entitled therefor pursuant
to Section 2.1(a). Subject to Section 2.2(g), upon surrender of a Certificate
for cancellation to the Exchange Agent together with such letter of
transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to
receive in exchange therefor (i) a certificate representing that number of
whole Parent

                                      A-4

Common Shares that such holder is entitled to receive pursuant to Section
2.1(a) and (ii) a check in the aggregate amount (after giving effect to any
required tax withholdings) of (A) the cash that such holder is entitled to
receive pursuant to Section 2.1(a) plus (B) any cash in lieu of fractional
shares determined in accordance with Section 2.2(d) plus (C) any cash dividends
and any other dividends or other distributions that such holder has the right
to receive pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.2(b). The Certificate so
surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. No interest will be paid or accrued on
any amount payable upon due surrender of any Certificate. In the event of a
transfer of ownership of Company Shares that occurred prior to the Effective
Time, but is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, the Merger
Consideration may be issued and/or paid to such a transferee if the Certificate
formerly representing such Company Shares is presented to the Exchange Agent,
accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer and
to evidence that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid. If any
certificate for Parent Common Shares is to be issued in a name other than that
in which the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it
shall be a condition of such exchange that the Person requesting such exchange
shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of
certificates for Parent Common Shares in a name other than that of the
registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or shall establish to the
satisfaction of Parent or the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is
not applicable.

    (b) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares. Whenever a dividend
or other distribution is declared by Parent in respect of Parent Common Shares,
the record date for which is at or after the Effective Time, that declaration
shall include dividends or other distributions in respect of all Parent Common
Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement. No dividends or other distributions
so declared in respect of such Parent Common Shares shall be paid to any holder
of any unsurrendered Certificate until such Certificate is surrendered for
exchange in accordance with this Section 2.2. Subject to the effect of
applicable laws, following surrender of any such Certificate, there shall be
issued or paid, less the amount of any withholding taxes that may be required
thereon, to the holder of the certificates representing whole Parent Common
Shares issued in exchange for such Certificate, without interest, (i) at the
time of such surrender, the dividends or other distributions with a record date
that is at or after the Effective Time and a payment date on or prior to the
date of surrender of such whole Parent Common Shares and not previously paid
and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the dividends or other distributions
payable with respect to such whole Parent Common Shares with a record date at
or after the Effective Time but with a payment date subsequent to surrender.
For purposes of dividends or other distributions in respect of Parent Common
Shares, all Parent Common Shares to be issued pursuant to the Merger shall be
deemed issued and outstanding as of the Effective Time.

    (c) Transfers. After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the
stock transfer books of the Company of the Company Shares that were outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time.

                                      A-5

    (d) No Fractional Shares. No certificates or scrip or Parent Common Shares
representing fractional Parent Common Shares shall be issued upon the surrender
for exchange of Certificates and such fractional interests will not entitle the
owner thereof to vote or to have any rights of a shareholder of Parent or a
holder of Parent Common Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, each holder of Company Shares exchanged pursuant to the Merger who
would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a Parent Common
Share (after taking into account all Certificates delivered by such holder)
shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount equal to
the product of (i) such fractional part of a Parent Common Share multiplied by
(ii) the closing price of Parent Common Shares as reported on the New York
Stock Exchange Composite Transaction Tape on the Closing Date.

    (e) Termination of Exchange Period; Unclaimed Merger Consideration. Any
Parent Common Shares and any portion of the cash, dividends or other
distributions with respect to the Parent Common Shares deposited by Parent with
the Exchange Agent (including the proceeds of any investments thereof) that
remain unclaimed by the shareholders of the Company 180 days after the
Effective Time shall be paid to Parent upon demand. Any shareholders of the
Company who have not theretofore complied with this Article II shall thereafter
be entitled to look only to Parent (subject to abandoned property, escheat and
other similar laws) for payment of their Merger Consideration and any cash,
dividends and other distributions in respect thereof issuable and/or payable
pursuant to Section 2.1, Section 2.2(b) and Section 2.2(d) upon due surrender
of their Certificates (or, in lieu of such Certificates, affidavits of loss
together with either a reasonable undertaking to indemnify Parent or the
Surviving Corporation, if Parent believes that the Person providing the
indemnity is sufficiently creditworthy, or, if Parent does not so believe,
indemnity bonds), in each case, without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation, the Exchange Agent or
any other Person shall be liable to any former holder of Company Shares for any
amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar laws.

    (f) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any Certificate
shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of
that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or
destroyed, and if Parent believes that the Person providing the indemnity is
sufficiently creditworthy, the making of a reasonable undertaking to indemnify
Parent or the Surviving Corporation, or, if Parent does not so believe, the
posting by such Person of a bond in the form customarily required by Parent to
indemnify against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate, Parent will issue the Parent Common Shares and the Exchange Agent
will distribute such Merger Consideration, dividends and other distributions in
respect thereof issuable or payable in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificate pursuant to Section 2.1, Section 2.2(b) and Section
2.2(d), in each case, without interest.

    (g) Affiliates. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
Certificates surrendered for exchange by any Rule 145 Affiliate (as determined
pursuant to Section 6.8) of the Company shall not be exchanged until Parent has
received a written agreement from such Person as provided in Section 6.8.

                                      A-6

  Section 2.3 Dissenters' Rights. Company Shares that are outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time and that are held by shareholders who
shall have not voted in favor of the Merger and who shall have made written
demand for payment of the fair value for such shares in accordance with Section
1091 of the OGCA (collectively, the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted
into or represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Such
shareholders shall be entitled to receive payment of the fair value of the
Company Shares held by them in accordance with the OGCA, except that all
Dissenting Shares held by shareholders who shall have failed to perfect or who
effectively shall have withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal of such
Company Shares under the OGCA shall thereupon be deemed to have been converted
into and to be exchangeable, as of the Effective Time, for Merger Consideration
in the manner provided in Section 2.1(a).

  Section 2.4 Adjustments to Prevent Dilution. In the event that prior to the
Effective Time, there shall have been declared or effected a reclassification,
stock split (including a reverse split), stock dividend, stock distribution or
similar event made with respect to the Company Shares or the Parent Common
Shares, the Merger Consideration shall be equitably adjusted to reflect such
event.

                                  ARTICLE III
                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

  Except as publicly disclosed by the Company in the Company Reports (as
defined in Section 3.7) filed with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement
and except as set forth in the disclosure letter (each section of which
qualifies the correspondingly numbered representation and warranty or covenant
to the extent specified therein, provided that any disclosure set forth with
respect to any particular section shall be deemed to be disclosed in reference
to all other applicable sections of this Agreement if the disclosure in respect
of the particular section is sufficient on its face without further inquiry
reasonably to inform Parent of the information required to be disclosed in
respect of the other sections to avoid a breach under the representation and
warranty or covenant corresponding to such other sections) previously delivered
by the Company to Parent (the "Company Disclosure Letter"), the Company hereby
represents and warrants to Parent as follows:

  Section 3.1 Existence; Good Standing; Corporate Authority. The Company is a
corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Oklahoma. The Company is duly qualified to do business as
a foreign corporation and is in good standing under the laws of any
jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it
therein or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 9.10). The Company has
all requisite corporate power and authority to own, operate and lease its
properties and to carry on its business as now conducted. The copies of the
Company's articles of incorporation and bylaws previously made available to
Parent are true and correct and contain all amendments as of the date hereof.

                                      A-7

  Section 3.2 Authorization, Validity and Effect of Agreements. The Company has
the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and all other agreements and documents contemplated hereby, to which
it is a party. The consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action, other than,
with respect to the Merger, the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the
Company's shareholders. Assuming the valid authorization, execution and
delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Sub, this Agreement constitutes the
valid and legally binding obligation of the Company, enforceable in accordance
with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or
other similar laws affecting or relating to creditors' rights generally or
general principles of equity.

  Section 3.3 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the Company
consists of 100,000,000 Company Shares, and 10,000,000 shares of the Company
preferred stock, $0.01 par value ("Company Preferred Stock"). As of August 31,
2001, there were (i) 43,758,077 Company Shares issued and outstanding
(excluding 359,315 treasury shares), (ii) no shares of Company Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding and (iii) 1,911,552 Company Shares subject to
outstanding employee or director stock options, of which the weighted average
exercise price was approximately $23.30 per share. All issued and outstanding
Company Shares (i) are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, (ii) were not issued in violation
of the terms of any agreement or other understanding binding upon the Company
and (iii) were issued in compliance with all applicable charter documents of
the Company and all applicable federal and state securities laws, rules and
regulations. Except as set forth in this Section 3.3 and except for any Company
Shares issued pursuant to the plans listed in Section 3.11 of the Company
Disclosure Letter, as of the date of this Agreement there are no outstanding
shares of capital stock and there are no options, warrants, calls,
subscriptions, shareholder rights plan or similar instruments, convertible
securities, or other rights, agreements or commitments which obligate the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, transfer or sell any shares of
capital stock or other voting securities of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. The Company has no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other
obligations the holders of which have the right to vote (or which are
convertible into or exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with
the shareholders of the Company on any matter on which the shareholders of the
Company are entitled to vote.

  Section 3.4 Subsidiaries. Section 3.4 of the Company Disclosure Letter sets
forth for each Subsidiary of the Company, its name and jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization and indicates whether such Subsidiary is a
Significant Subsidiary, in each case as of the date of this Agreement. For
purposes of this Agreement, "Significant Subsidiary" shall mean significant
subsidiary as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Each of the Company's
Subsidiaries is a corporation, limited liability company or partnership duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing (where applicable) under the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has the corporate or
partnership power and authority to own, operate and lease its properties and to
carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the

                                      A-8

failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing or to have such power
and authority would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, and is duly qualified to do
business and is in good standing (where applicable) in each jurisdiction in
which the ownership, operation or lease of its property or the conduct of its
business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so
qualified or to be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. All of the
outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other ownership interests in, each
of the Company's Subsidiaries is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid
and nonassessable, and is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company free
and clear of all liens, pledges, security interests, claims, preferential
purchase rights or other rights, interests or encumbrances ("Liens"). Other
than joint ventures, operating agreements and similar arrangements typical in
the Company's industry entered into in the ordinary course of business, neither
the Company nor any of the Company's Subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns
any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for, any other person that would reasonably be
expected to be material to the Company and the Company's Subsidiaries taken as
a whole.

  Section 3.5 No Violation. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is,
or has received notice that it would be with the passage of time, in violation
of any term, condition or provision of (i) its charter documents or bylaws,
(ii) any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract,
agreement, lease, license or other instrument or (iii) any order of any court,
governmental authority or arbitration board or tribunal, or any law, ordinance,
governmental rule or regulation to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or any of their respective properties or assets is subject, or is delinquent
with respect to any report required to be filed with any governmental entity,
except, in the case of matters described in clause (ii) or (iii), as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Except where it would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, the
Company and its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions,
orders, franchises and approvals of all governmental authorities necessary for
the lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the "Company Permits") and
the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the
Company Permits. No investigation by any governmental authority with respect to
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened, other than those that would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

  Section 3.6 No Conflict.

  (a) Neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement nor
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby in
accordance with the terms hereof will: (i) conflict with or result in a breach
of any provisions of the charter documents or bylaws of the Company; (ii)
violate, or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or
constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both,
would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination or in a right
of

                                      A-9

termination or cancellation of, or give rise to a right of purchase under, or
accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any Lien
upon any of the properties of the Company or its Subsidiaries under, or result
in being declared void, voidable, or without further binding effect, or
otherwise result in the loss of a material benefit to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, Company Permit, lease, contract,
agreement, joint venture or other instrument or obligation to which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their properties is bound or affected; or (iii) subject
to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in paragraph (b) of
this Section 3.6, contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation of any
provision of any law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree binding upon
or applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except, in the case of
matters described in clause (ii) or (iii), as would not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

  (b) Neither the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement nor
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby in
accordance with the terms hereof will require any consent, approval or
authorization of, or filing or registration with, any governmental or
regulatory authority, other than (i) the filings provided for in Article I and
appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which
the Company is qualified to do business and (ii) filings required under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR
Act"), the Exchange Act, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act") or applicable state securities and "Blue Sky" laws ((i) and
(ii) collectively, the "Regulatory Filings"), except for any consent, approval
or authorization the failure of which to obtain and for any filing or
registration the failure of which to make would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

  Section 3.7 SEC Documents and Financial Statements. The Company has made
available to Parent, each registration statement, report, proxy statement or
information statement (other than preliminary materials) filed by the Company
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") since January 1, 2000, each
in the form (including exhibits and any amendments thereto) filed with the SEC
prior to the date hereof (collectively, the "Company Reports"), and the Company
has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed by it with the
SEC pursuant to relevant securities statutes, regulations, policies and rules
since such time. As of their respective dates, the Company Reports (i) were
prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder and complied with
the then applicable accounting requirements and (ii) did not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading except for such
statements, if any, as have been modified by subsequent filings with the SEC
prior to the date hereof. Each of the consolidated balance sheets included in
or incorporated by reference into the Company Reports (including the related
notes and schedules) fairly presents in all material respects the consolidated
financial position of the Company and its

                                      A-10

Subsidiaries as of its date and each of the consolidated statements of
earnings, cash flows and stockholders' equity included in or incorporated by
reference into the Company Reports (including any related notes and schedules)
fairly presents in all material respects the results of operations, cash flows
or changes in stockholders' equity, as the case may be, of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein (subject, in the case of
unaudited statements, to such exceptions as may be permitted by Form 10-Q under
the Exchange Act), in each case in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles consistently applied during the periods involved, except
as may be noted therein.

  Section 3.8 Litigation. There are no actions, suits or proceedings pending
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Company's knowledge,
threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, at law or in equity,
or before or by any federal, state or foreign commission, board, bureau, agency
or instrumentality, other than those that would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.
There are no outstanding judgments, decrees, injunctions, awards or orders
against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than those that would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

  Section 3.9 Absence of Certain Changes. Since June 30, 2001, the Company has
conducted its business in all material respects only in the ordinary and usual
course of business, and during such period there have not been (i) events,
conditions, actions, occurrences or omissions that would reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect;
(ii) any change by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any of its
accounting methods, principles or practices or any of its tax accounting
methods or elections, except for changes required by law or generally accepted
accounting principles; (iii) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any
dividend or other distribution in respect of the capital stock of the Company,
or any direct or indirect redemption, purchase or any other acquisition by the
Company of any such stock; (iv) any change in the capital stock or in the
number of shares or classes of the Company's authorized or outstanding capital
stock (other than as a result of issuances under the Employee Benefit Plans or
issued as permitted hereunder); (v) any increase in or establishment of any
bonus, insurance, severance, deferred compensation, pension, retirement, profit
sharing, stock option, stock purchase or other employee benefit plan, except in
the ordinary course of business; or (vi) any event, condition, action,
occurrence or omission that is prohibited on or after the date of this
Agreement under Section 5.1(b) of this Agreement (other than clauses (i), (xiv)
or (xx) of Section 5.1(b)), and (vii) neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has incurred any liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether
accrued, contingent or absolute or otherwise (including without limitation
under royalty arrangements), except for those arising in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice and that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.

  Section 3.10 Taxes.

  (a) The Company and its Subsidiaries have timely filed (after taking into
account any extensions to file) all federal, state, local, and other tax
returns, estimates and reports

                                      A-11

required to be filed on or before the Effective Time by the Company and each of
its Subsidiaries under applicable laws and all such tax returns and reports
were true, complete and correct, and the Company and its Subsidiaries have paid
all other taxes (including any additions to taxes and penalties and interest
thereon) required to be paid on or before the date hereof, except for such
failures to file or pay or failures to be true and correct as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries have withheld and
paid over all taxes required to have been withheld and paid over, and complied
with all information reporting and backup withholding requirements, including
the maintenance of required records with respect thereto, in connection with
amounts paid or owing to any employee, creditor, independent contractor or
other third party, except for such failures to withhold or pay over and such
failures to comply as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. There are no
encumbrances on any of the assets, rights or properties of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries with respect to taxes, other than liens for taxes not yet
due and payable or for taxes that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
contesting in good faith through appropriate proceedings, except for such
encumbrances that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

  (b) No audit of the tax returns of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. No deficiencies or
adjustments have been asserted against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
as a result of or in connection with examinations by any state, local, federal
or foreign taxing authority which would, individually and in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any private letter ruling of
the Internal Revenue Service or comparable rulings of other tax authorities
that will be binding on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to
any period following the Effective Time.

  (c) There are no agreements, waivers of statutes of limitations, or other
arrangements providing for extensions of time in respect of the assessment or
collection of any unpaid taxes against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have disclosed on their federal income
tax returns all positions taken therein that could, if not so disclosed, give
rise to a substantial understatement penalty within the meaning of Section 6662
of the Code.

  (d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any safe
harbor lease within the meaning of Section 168(f)(8) of the Code, as in effect
prior to amendment by The Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982.
None of the property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is "tax-
exempt use property" within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to make any adjustment
under Code Section 481(a) by reason of a change in accounting method or
otherwise except possibly by reason of the Merger. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries has been a member of an affiliated group of corporations
filing a consolidated federal income tax return (other than a group the common
parent of which was

                                      A-12

the Company) or has any liability for the taxes of another person arising
pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or analogous provision of
state, local or foreign law, or as a transferee or successor, or by contract,
tax sharing agreement, tax indemnification agreement, or otherwise. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has filed a consent under Section 341(f) of
the Code with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or agreed to
have Section 341(f)(2) of the Code apply to a subsection (f) asset (as defined
in Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as of the date of this Agreement,
including but not limited to the provisions of this Agreement, covering any
employee or former employee of the Company that, individually or collectively,
would reasonably be expected to give rise to the payment of any amount that
would not be deductible pursuant to Sections 280G, 404 or 162(m) of the Code,
or in respect of which an excise tax would be payable under Section 4999 of the
Code. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been a "distributing
corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a distribution to which Section
355 of the Code applies (x) in the two years prior to the date of this
Agreement or (y) in a distribution which could otherwise constitute a "plan" or
"series of related transactions" (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the
Code) in conjunction with the Merger.

  (e) The Company is not a party to, nor does it have any obligation under, any
tax sharing, tax indemnification or tax allocation agreement or arrangement.

  (f) The Company has not taken, or agreed to take any action, and has no
knowledge of any condition, that would prevent the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization under section 368(a) of the Code.

  (g) None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been a United States
real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of
the Code at any time during the five year period ending at the Effective Time.

  (h) None of the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' material assets
constitutes either an interest in, or property of, an unincorporated
organization that files a tax return as a partnership for federal income tax
purposes. None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries owns an interest in
any controlled foreign corporation (as defined in Section 957 of the Code),
passive foreign investment company (as defined in section 1297 of the Code) or
other Person the income of which is required to be included in the income of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

  (i) For purposes of this Agreement, "tax" or "taxes" means all federal,
state, county, local, foreign or other net income, gross income, gross
receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, accumulated earnings, personal
holding, excess profits, franchise, profits, license, withholding, payroll,
employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property,
disability, capital stock, or windfall profits taxes, customs duties or other
taxes, fees, assessments or governmental charges of any kind whatsoever,
together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional
amounts imposed by any taxing authority (domestic or foreign).

                                      A-13

  Section 3.11 Employee Benefit Plans.

  (a) Other than as set forth in Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure
Letter, there are no Employee Benefit Plans established, maintained or
contributed to by the Company. An "Employee Benefit Plan" means any employee
benefit plan, program, policy, practice, agreement or other arrangement
providing benefits to any current or former employee, officer or director of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any beneficiary or dependent thereof
that is sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries contributes or is obligated to
contribute, whether or not written, including without limitation any employee
welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), any employee
pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (whether or
not such plan is subject to ERISA) and any bonus, incentive, deferred
compensation, vacation, stock purchase, stock option, severance, employment,
change of control or fringe benefit plan, program or policy.

  (b) With respect to each Employee Benefit Plan, the Company has made
available to Parent a true, correct and complete copy of: (i) each writing
constituting a part of such Employee Benefit Plan (or to the extent no copy
exists, a materially accurate description); (ii) for the three most recent plan
years, Annual Report (Form 5500 Series), if any; (iii) the current summary plan
description and any material modifications thereto, if required to be furnished
under ERISA; and (iii) the most recent determination letter from the Internal
Revenue Service, if any.

  (c) Each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to be a "qualified plan"
within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service that has not been
revoked, and to the knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred and no
condition exists that could reasonably be expected to result in the revocation
of any such determination letter.

  (d) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, all contributions
required to be made to any Employee Benefit Plan (or to any person pursuant to
the terms thereof) have been made or the amount of such payment or contribution
obligation has been reflected in the Company Reports filed with the SEC prior
to the date of this Agreement.

  (e) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, with respect to each
Employee Benefit Plan, the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied, and are
now in compliance, with all provisions of ERISA, the Code and all laws and
regulations applicable to such Employee Benefit Plans and each Employee Benefit
Plan has been established and administered in accordance with its terms.

  (f) No Employee Benefit Plan is subject to Title IV of ERISA (including,
without limitation, any multiemployer plan with the meaning of Section
4001(a)(3) of ERISA) and

                                      A-14

no liability (other than for premiums to the PBGC) under Title IV of ERISA has
been or is expected to be incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

  (g) The Company and its Subsidiaries have no material liability for life,
health or medical benefits to former employees or beneficiaries or dependents
thereof, except for health continuation coverage as required by Section 4980B
of the Code or Part 6 of Title I of ERISA.

  (h) Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not, either alone or in
connection with termination of employment, (i) entitle any current or former
director, employee or officer of the Company or its Subsidiaries to severance
pay or any other material payment, except as expressly provided in this
Agreement, (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting, or increase the
amount of compensation due any such employee or officer or (iii) increase any
benefit payable under any Employee Benefit Plan.

  (i) Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, there are no pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened claims, actions or suits by or on
behalf of any Employee Benefit Plan or by any employee or beneficiary covered
under any such Employee Benefit Plan, involving any such Employee Benefit Plan
(other than claims in the ordinary course of business) and, to the knowledge of
the Company, no facts or circumstances exist that could reasonably be expected
to give rise to any such claims, actions or suits.

  (j) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has outstanding loans to
any employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries, other than expense advances
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices.

  Section 3.12 Labor and Employment Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries: (i) is a party to or otherwise bound by any collective bargaining
agreement, contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or
labor organization, nor is any such contract or agreement presently being
negotiated, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, is there, nor has there been
in the last five years, a representation campaign respecting any of the
employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of
the Company, there are no campaigns being conducted to solicit cards from
employees of Company or any of its Subsidiaries to authorize representation by
any labor organization; (ii) is a party to, or bound by, any consent decree
with, or citation by, any governmental agency relating to employees or
employment practices which would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect; or (iii) is the subject of any proceeding asserting
that it has committed an unfair labor practice or is seeking to compel it to
bargain with any labor union or labor organization nor, as of the date of this
Agreement, is there pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened,
any labor strike, dispute, walkout, work stoppage, slow-down or lockout
involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, with respect to any
event described in this clause (iii), would, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

                                      A-15

  Section 3.13 Environmental Matters. Except for such matters that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect:

  (a) To the knowledge of the Company, there is no condition existing on any
real property or other asset owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or resulting from operations conducted thereon that would
reasonably be expected to give rise to any liability to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries under Environmental Laws or constitute a violation of any
Environmental Laws, and the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is otherwise
in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws.

  (b) None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, no current or former real
property or other asset owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, nor the operations currently or formerly conducted thereon or in
relation thereto by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by any prior
owner, lessee or operator of such real property or other asset, is subject to
any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit,
investigation, inquiry or proceeding relating to any Environmental Laws by or
before any court or other governmental authority.

  (c) All material permits, notices and authorizations, if any, required to be
obtained or filed in connection with the operation or use of any real property
or other asset owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, including without limitation past or present treatment, storage,
disposal or release of a Hazardous Substance or solid waste into the
environment, have been duly obtained or filed, and the Company is in compliance
in all material respects with the terms and conditions of all such permits,
notices and authorizations. The Company does not know of any reason that would
preclude it from renewing or obtaining a reissuance of the material permits and
other authorizations required pursuant to applicable Environmental Laws
required to operate or use any of the Company's or its Subsidiaries' material
assets for their current purposes or uses.

  (d) Hazardous Substances have not been Released, disposed of or arranged to
be disposed of by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in violation of, or
in a manner or to a location that would reasonably be expected to give rise to
liability under, any Environmental Laws.

  (e) None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has assumed, contractually
or, to the knowledge of the Company, by operation of law, any liabilities or
obligations of third parties under any Environmental Laws, except in connection
with the acquisition of assets or entities associated therewith.

  (f) "Environmental Laws" means any federal, state and local energy, public
utility, health, safety and environmental laws, regulations, orders, permits,
licenses, approvals, ordinances, rule of common law, and directives relating to
the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, health and
safety or the use, management, disposal, Release or threatened Release of or
exposure to, Hazardous Substances or noxious odors, including

                                      A-16

without limitation the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"), the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act ("CERCLA"), the Occupational Health
and Safety Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Endangered Species Act,
the Oil Pollution Act and any similar foreign, state or local law.

  (g) "Hazardous Substance" means (i) any "hazardous substance," as defined by
CERCLA, (ii) any "hazardous waste," as defined by RCRA, or (iii) any pollutant
or contaminant or hazardous, dangerous or toxic chemical or material or any
other substance including, but not limited to asbestos, buried contaminants,
regulated chemicals, flammable explosives, radioactive materials (including
without limitation naturally occurring radioactive materials), polychlorinated
biphenyls, natural gas, natural gas liquids, liquified natural gas,
condensates, petroleum (including without limitation crude oil and petroleum
products), regulated by, or that could result in the imposition of liability
under, any Environmental Law or other applicable law of any applicable
governmental authority relating to or imposing liability or standards of
conduct concerning any hazardous, toxic, or dangerous waste, substance or
material, all as amended or hereafter amended.

  (h) "Release" means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting,
purging, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping,
migrating or disposing into the environment (including the abandonment or
discarding of barrels, containers, and other closed receptacles containing any
Hazardous Substance).

  Section 3.14 Compliance with Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in
compliance with any applicable law, rule or regulation of any United States
federal, state, local or foreign government or agency thereof except where the
failure to comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. No notice, charge, claim,
action or assertion has been received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
or, to the Company's knowledge, has been filed, commenced or threatened against
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries alleging any such violation, in each
case that would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. All licenses, permits and approvals required under such laws, rules and
regulations are in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in
full force and effect would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no representation or warranty in this Section 3.14 is made with
respect to permits issued under or matters relating to Environmental Laws,
which are covered exclusively by the provisions set forth in Section 3.13, or
with respect to permits to conduct exploratory operations that have not been
commenced as of the date of this Agreement.

  Section 3.15 Intellectual Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries own or
possess all necessary licenses (including seismic licenses) or other valid
rights to use all patents, patent rights, trademarks, trademark rights and
proprietary information used or held for use in connection with their
respective businesses as currently being conducted, free and clear of Liens,
except where the failure to own or possess such licenses and other rights

                                      A-17

would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect, and to the knowledge of the Company, there are
no assertions or claims challenging the validity of any of the foregoing which
would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect. Except in the ordinary course of business,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted to any other person
any license to use any of the foregoing. The conduct of the Company's and its
Subsidiaries' respective businesses as currently conducted does not conflict
with any patents, patent rights, licenses (including seismic licenses),
trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights or copyrights of
others in a way which would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. There is no infringement of
any proprietary right owned by or licensed by or to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries in a way which would reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

  Section 3.16 Oil and Gas Reserves. The Company has furnished to Parent the
Company's estimate of Company's and its Subsidiaries' oil and gas reserves as
of January 1, 2001, as reviewed by Ryder Scott Company ("Company Reserve
Report"). Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the factual, non-
interpretive data on which the Company Reserve Report was based for purposes of
estimating the oil and gas reserves set forth in the Company Reserve Report was
accurate in all material respects.

  Section 3.17 Financial and Commodity Hedging. The Company Reports accurately
summarize, in all material respects the outstanding hydrocarbon and financial
hedging positions attributable to the production of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (including fixed price contracts, collars, swaps, caps, hedges and
puts) as of the date reflected therein, and there have been no changes since
the date thereof.

  Section 3.18 Indebtedness and Certain Contracts.

  (a) Set forth in Section 3.18(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter is the
aggregate amount of outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company
or its Subsidiaries as of the date of this Agreement under all loan or credit
agreements, notes, bonds, mortgages, indentures and other agreements evidencing
such indebtedness.

  (b) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by
any agreement or other arrangement that would, after the Effective Time, to the
knowledge of the Company, materially limit or restrict Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective affiliates or any successor thereto,
from engaging or competing in the oil and gas exploration and production
business in any significant geographic area, except for joint ventures, area of
mutual interest agreements entered into in connection with prospect reviews and
similar arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business.

  (c) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or bound by
(i) any non-competition agreement, confidentiality, joint venture, area of
mutual interest or any other

                                      A-18

agreement or obligation which purports to limit the manner in which, or the
localities in which, the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, or Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is conducted or (ii)
any executory agreement or obligation which pertains to the acquisition or
disposition of any asset, or which provides any third party any lien, claim,
right of first refusal or first offer or preferential right with regard
thereto, except, in the case of either clause (i) or (ii), for such agreements
or obligations that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

  (d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any material
advance, take-or-pay, production or other similar payments that entitle
purchasers of production to receive deliveries of hydrocarbons without paying
therefor, and, on a net, Company-wide basis, the Company is neither materially
underproduced nor overproduced under gas balancing or similar arrangements.

  (e) There are no contracts, agreements or binding arrangements between the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and S. A. Louis Dreyfus et
Cie or any of its affiliates, on the other hand.

  Section 3.19 Title to Properties. Except for goods and other property sold,
used or otherwise disposed of since December 31, 2000 in the ordinary course of
business, the Company has defensible title to all oil and gas properties
forming the basis for the reserves reflected in the Company Reserve Report as
attributable to interests owned by the Company and its Subsidiaries, and to all
other properties, interests in properties and assets, real and personal,
reflected in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2000 (the "2000 10-K"), free and clear of any Lien, except: (i) Liens reflected
in the 2000 10-K; (ii) Liens for current taxes not yet due and payable; and
(iii) such imperfections of title, easements, Liens, or other matters and
failures to title as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The leases and other
agreements pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries leases or
otherwise acquires or obtains operating rights affecting any real or personal
property are in good standing, valid, and effective except where the failure to
be in good standing, valid and effective would not, individually or the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;
and there is not, under any such leases, any existing or prospective default or
event of default or event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would
constitute a default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. All operating
equipment of the Company and its Subsidiaries has in all material respects been
maintained in reasonable operating condition and repair, ordinary wear and tear
excepted, and is in all material respects sufficient to permit the Company and
its Subsidiaries to conduct their operations in the ordinary course of business
in a manner consistent with their past practices, except for any such
deficiency as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect. No claim, notice or order from any Governmental Authority has
been received by the Company or any Subsidiary due to hydrocarbon production in
excess of allowables or similar violations which could result in curtailment of
production after the

                                      A-19

Closing Date, reformation, amendment, cancellation or other alteration of any
unit or taking (whether permanent, temporary, whole, or partial) of any part of
the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary by reason of eminent domain or
otherwise, except any such violations which would not reasonably be expected,
individually or in the aggregate, to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
There are no wells on any lease in which the Company currently has or
previously had an interest that have been permanently plugged and abandoned
that were not plugged and abandoned in accordance in all material respects with
applicable laws or contracts, except any such violations which would not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. The Company has the ability and right to obtain access
to, produce, treat, transport, process and otherwise market hydrocarbons from
all of the oil and gas properties for which reserves are shown in the Company
Reserve Report, except any such inability which would not reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.

  Section 3.20 Insurance. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain insurance
coverage adequate and customary in the industry for the operation of their
respective businesses.

  Section 3.21 No Brokers. Except for Lehman Brothers, Inc. ("Lehman"), whose
fees and expenses will be paid by the Company in accordance with the Company's
agreement with Lehman, a copy of which has been provided to Parent, no agent,
broker, person or firm acting on behalf of the Company or under its authority
is or will be entitled to any advisory, commission or broker's or finder's fee
from any of the parties hereto in connection with any of the transactions
contemplated herein.

  Section 3.22 Opinion of Financial Advisors. The board of directors of the
Company has received the opinion of Lehman to the effect that, as of the date
of this Agreement, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of the Company Shares (other than Parent); it being
understood and acknowledged by Parent that such opinion has been rendered for
the benefit of the board of directors of the Company, and is not intended to,
and may not, be relied upon by Parent, its affiliates or their respective
Subsidiaries. The Company has been authorized by Lehman to include such opinion
in its entirety in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, so long as such inclusion is
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Lehman and its counsel.

  Section 3.23 Board Recommendation; Vote Required.

  (a) The board of directors of the Company has by resolutions duly adopted by
the unanimous vote of its entire board of directors at a meeting of such board
duly called and held on September 9, 2001, determined that the Merger is fair
to and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, approved and
declared advisable this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby and recommended that the shareholders of the Company
approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger.

                                      A-20

  (b) The affirmative vote of shareholders of the Company required for approval
and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger is and will be no greater than a
majority of the outstanding Company Shares (the "Company Requisite Vote") and
no other vote of any holder of the Company's securities is required for the
approval and adoption of this Agreement or the Merger.

  Section 3.24 Holding Company; Investment Company; Utility. None of the real
property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been or is certified by
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC") under Section 7(c) of the NGA
or is now subject to FERC jurisdiction under the Natural Gas Act nor has it
been or is it now providing service pursuant to Section 311 of the Natural Gas
Policy Act. The Company or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, has complied
with Texas law relating to its Texas gas gathering system, except to the extent
any failure to comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
reasonably expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

  Section 3.25 Certain Approvals. The Company has opted out of Section 1090.3
of the OGCA and the Company's board of directors has taken any and all
necessary and appropriate action to render inapplicable to the Merger and the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Principal Shareholders
Agreement the provisions of any other "fair price," "moratorium," control share
acquisition, interested shareholder or other similar antitakeover provision or
regulation and any restrictive provision of any antitakeover provision in the
certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB

  Except as publicly disclosed by Parent in the Parent Reports (as defined in
Section 4.6) filed with the SEC prior to the date of this Agreement and except
as set forth in the disclosure letter (each section of which qualifies the
correspondingly numbered representation and warranty or covenant to the extent
specified therein, provided that any disclosure set forth with respect to any
particular section shall be deemed to be disclosed in reference to all other
applicable sections of this Agreement if the disclosure in respect of the
particular section is sufficient on its face without further inquiry reasonably
to inform the Company of the information required to be disclosed in respect of
the other sections to avoid a breach under the representation and warranty or
covenant corresponding to such other sections) previously delivered by Parent
to the Company (the "Parent Disclosure Letter"), Parent and Sub hereby
represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

  Section 4.1 Existence; Good Standing; Corporate Authority. Parent is a
corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. Sub is a corporation duly incorporated,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Each of Parent and Sub is duly qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing under the laws of any jurisdiction in which
the character of the properties owned or leased by it therein or in

                                      A-21

which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary,
except where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent
Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 9.10). Each of Parent and Sub
has all requisite corporate power and authority to own, operate and lease its
properties and to carry on its business as now conducted. As of the date
hereof, the copies of each of Parent's and Sub's certificate of incorporation
and bylaws previously made available to the Company are true and correct and
contain all amendments.

  Section 4.2 Authorization, Validity and Effect of Agreements. Each of Parent
and Sub has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver
this Agreement and all other agreements and documents contemplated hereby, to
which it is a party. The consummation by each of Parent and Sub of the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the issuance and delivery by Parent
of Parent Common Shares pursuant to the Merger, has been duly authorized by all
requisite corporate action. Assuming the valid authorization, execution and
delivery of this Agreement by the Company, this Agreement constitutes the valid
and legally binding obligation of each of Parent and Sub, enforceable in
accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to creditors' rights
generally and general principles of equity.

  Section 4.3 Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of Parent consists
of 500,000,000 Parent Common Shares and 20,000,000 preferred shares, no par
value. 665,000 of the preferred shares have been designated as Series A
Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock. As of September 5, 2001, (i) there
were 248,362,308 Parent Common Shares issued and outstanding, (ii) there were
665,000 shares of Series A Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock issued and
outstanding, all of which were owned by a trust of which Parent is the
beneficial owner, (iii) 20,661,169 Parent Common Shares were subject to
outstanding employee stock options (including 333 options exercised but not yet
settled) and (iv) 8,250,000 Premium Income Equity Security stock purchase units
("PIES") were outstanding which require the holders to purchase up to 8,088,300
Parent Common Shares by November 16, 2004. All issued and outstanding Parent
Common Shares and preferred shares (i) are duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, (ii) were not issued
in violation of the terms of any agreement or other understanding binding upon
Parent and (iii) were issued in compliance with all applicable charter
documents of Parent and all applicable federal and state securities laws, rules
and regulations. The Parent Common Shares to be issued in connection with the
Merger, when issued in accordance with this Agreement, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive rights. As
of the date of this Agreement, except as set forth in this Section 4.3 and
except for any Parent Common Shares issued pursuant to employee benefit plans,
upon conversion of the Series A Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock and in
connection with the PIES, there are no outstanding shares of capital stock and
there are no options, warrants, calls, subscriptions, convertible securities,
or other rights, agreements or commitments which obligate Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries to issue, transfer or sell any shares of capital stock or other
voting securities of Parent. As of the date of this Agreement, Parent has no
outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the
holders of which have the right to vote (or which are convertible into or
exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the shareholders of
Parent on any matter.

                                      A-22

  Section 4.4 No Violation. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is, or
has received notice that it would be with the passage of time, in violation of
any term, condition or provision of (i) its charter documents or bylaws, (ii)
any loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract,
agreement, lease, license or other instrument or (iii) any order of any court,
governmental authority or arbitration board or tribunal, or any law, ordinance,
governmental rule or regulation to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties or assets is subject, or is delinquent with
respect to any report required to be filed with any governmental entity,
except, in the case of matters described in clause (ii) or (iii), as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent
Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect, Parent and
its Subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders,
franchises and approvals of all governmental authorities necessary for the
lawful conduct of their respective businesses (the "Parent Permits") and Parent
and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of the Parent Permits. No
investigation by any governmental authority with respect to Parent or any of
its Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened, other
than those that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

  Section 4.5 No Conflict

  (a) Neither the execution and delivery by Parent and Sub of this Agreement
nor the consummation by Parent and Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby
in accordance with the terms hereof will: (i) conflict with or result in a
breach of any provisions of the charter documents or bylaws of Parent or Sub;
(ii) violate, or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or
constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both,
would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination or in a right
of termination or cancellation of, or give rise to a right of purchase under,
or accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the properties of Parent or its Subsidiaries under, or result
in being declared void, voidable, or without further binding effect, or
otherwise result in the loss of a material benefit to Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, any note,
bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, franchise, permit, lease,
contract, agreement, joint venture or other instrument or obligation to which
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their properties is bound or affected; or (iii) subject
to the governmental filings and other matters referred to in paragraph (b) of
this Section 4.5, contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation of any
provision of any law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree binding upon
or applicable to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, except, in the case of
matters described in clause (ii) or (iii), as would not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

  (b) Neither the execution and delivery by Parent or Sub of this Agreement nor
the consummation by Parent or Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby in
accordance with the terms hereof will require any consent, approval or
authorization of, or filing or

                                      A-23

registration with, any governmental or regulatory authority, other than
Regulatory Filings, and listing of the Parent Common Shares to be issued in the
Merger on the New York Stock Exchange, except for any consent, approval or
authorization the failure of which to obtain and for any filing or registration
the failure of which to make would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

  Section 4.6 SEC Documents. Parent has made available to the Company each
registration statement, report, proxy statement or information statement (other
than preliminary materials) filed by Parent with the SEC since January 1, 2000,
each in the form (including exhibits and any amendments thereto) filed with the
SEC prior to the date hereof (collectively, the "Parent Reports"), and Parent
has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed by it with the
SEC pursuant to relevant securities statutes, regulations, policies and rules
since such time. As of their respective dates, the Parent Reports (i) were
prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act,
the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder and complied with
the then applicable accounting requirements and (ii) did not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading except for such
statements, if any, as have been modified by subsequent filings with the SEC
prior to the date hereof. Each of the consolidated balance sheets included in
or incorporated by reference into the Parent Reports (including the related
notes and schedules) fairly presents in all material respects the consolidated
financial position of Parent and its Subsidiaries as of its date and each of
the consolidated statements of income, cash flows and stockholders' equity
included in or incorporated by reference into the Parent Reports (including any
related notes and schedules) fairly presents in all material respects the
results of operations, cash flows or changes in stockholders' equity, as the
case may be, of Parent and its Subsidiaries for the periods set forth therein
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to such exceptions as may be
permitted by Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act), in each case in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied during the
periods involved, except as may be noted therein.

  Section 4.7 Financing. Parent has available to it sources of financing
sufficient to satisfy its obligation to make the payment of the aggregate Cash
Consideration required under this Agreement when such payment is required
pursuant to this Agreement.

  Section 4.8 No Brokers. Except for Merrill Lynch & Co. ("Merrill"), whose
fees and expenses will be paid by Parent in accordance with Parent's agreement
with Merrill, no agent, broker, person or firm acting on behalf of Parent or
under its authority is or will be entitled to any advisory, commission or
broker's or finder's fee from any of the parties hereto in connection with any
of the transactions contemplated herein.

  Section 4.9 No Vote Required. No vote is required by the holders of any class
or series of Parent's or Sub's (other than Parent) capital stock to approve the
adoption of this Agreement or the Merger or pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the New York Stock Exchange as a result of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby.

                                      A-24

  Section 4.10 Absence of Changes. Since June 30, 2001, there have not been any
events, conditions, actions, occurrences or omissions that would reasonably be
expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

                                   ARTICLE V
                     CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

  Section 5.1 Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger. The
Company covenants and agrees that from the date hereof to the Effective Time or
the earlier termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII, except as
set forth in Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter or as expressly
contemplated by any other provision of this Agreement, unless Parent shall
otherwise agree in writing (such agreement by Parent not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed):

  (a) The businesses of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall be
conducted only in the ordinary, regular and usual course, consistent with past
practices, and the Company and each of its Subsidiaries shall use all
reasonable efforts to maintain and preserve intact their respective business
organizations, to maintain significant beneficial business relationships with
suppliers, contractors, distributors, customers, licensors, licensees and
others having business relationships with it, keep available the services of
its current key officers and employees, and use reasonable best efforts to
maintain with financially responsible insurance companies insurance in such
amounts and against such risks and losses as are customary for such party; and

  (b) Without limiting the generality of Section 5.1(a), except as set forth in
Section 5.1 of the Company Disclosure Letter, the Company shall not directly or
indirectly, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, do any of the following:

      (i) acquire, sell, encumber, lease, transfer or dispose of any assets,
  rights or securities that are material to the Company or its Subsidiaries
  or terminate, cancel, materially modify or enter into any material
  commitment, transaction, line of business or other agreement, in each case
  out of the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or
  acquire by merging or consolidating with or by purchasing a substantial
  equity interest in or a substantial portion of the assets of, or by any
  other manner, any business, corporation, partnership, association or other
  business organization or division thereof;

      (ii) amend or propose to amend its certificate of incorporation or
  bylaws or, in the case of its Subsidiaries, their respective constituent
  documents;

      (iii) split, combine or reclassify any outstanding shares of, or
  interests in, its capital stock;

      (iv) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or distribution, payable
  in cash, stock, property or otherwise, with respect to any of its capital
  stock;

                                      A-25

      (v) other than pursuant to the terms of Employee Benefit Plans,
  redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, or offer to redeem, purchase or
  otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock or any options,
  warrants or rights to acquire capital stock of the Company;

      (vi) except for the Company Shares issuable upon exercise of options
  outstanding on the date hereof as disclosed in Section 3.3, issue, sell,
  pledge, dispose of or encumber, or authorize, propose or agree to the
  issuance, sale, pledge or disposition or encumbrance by the Company or any
  of its Subsidiaries of, any shares of, or any options, warrants or rights
  of any kind to acquire any shares of, or any securities convertible into
  or exchangeable for any shares of, its capital stock of any class, or any
  other securities in respect of, in lieu of, or in substitution for any
  class of its capital stock outstanding on the date hereof;

      (vii) modify the terms of any existing indebtedness for borrowed money
  or incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any debt securities,
  except indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent
  with past practice for working capital management purposes pursuant to the
  terms of existing lines of credit and the Company's bank credit agreement;

      (viii) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise as an accommodation
  become responsible for, the obligations of any other person, or make any
  loans or advances, except to or for the benefit of the Company's
  Subsidiaries or except for those not in excess of $5,000,000 in the
  aggregate;

      (ix) authorize, recommend or propose to shareholders any material
  change in its capitalization;

      (x) take any action with respect to the grant or increase of severance
  or termination pay;

      (xi) adopt or establish any new employee benefit plan or, terminate or
  amend in any material respect any employee benefit plan or, other than in
  the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, increase
  the compensation or fringe benefits of any employee (except as required by
  any existing employee benefit plans or employment agreements or applicable
  law) or pay any material benefit not required by any existing employee
  benefit plan (other than payment of annual bonuses for the year 2001 on or
  after February 15, 2002 in the aggregate amount of no more than $3.4
  million);

      (xii) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
  past practice, enter into or amend in any material respect (other than as
  required by existing employee benefit plans or employment agreements or by
  applicable law) any employment, consulting, severance or indemnification
  agreement entered into or made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
  with any of their respective directors, officers, agents, consultants or
  employees, or any collective bargaining agreement or other obligation to
  any labor organization or employee incurred or entered into by the Company
  or any of its Subsidiaries (other than as required by existing employee
  benefit plans or employment agreements or by applicable law);

                                      A-26

      (xiii) (A) settle or compromise any material claim for taxes, (B)
  compromise, settle or otherwise resolve litigation involving a payment of
  more than $5,000,000 in any one case by or to the Company or any of its
  Subsidiaries or (C) other than in the ordinary course of business, pay or
  discharge any claims, liens or liabilities involving more than $5,000,000
  individually or $10,000,000 in the aggregate, which are not reserved for
  on the balance sheet included in the Company Reports;

      (xiv) make or commit to make capital expenditures in excess of
  $5,000,000 net to the Company and its Subsidiaries for any individual
  authorization for expenditures, or, without having notified Parent, make
  or commit to make capital expenditures in excess of $1,000,000 net to the
  Company and its Subsidiaries (and less than $5,000,000 net) for any
  individual authorization for expenditures, except, in each case, with
  respect to emergency operations on any well, pipeline or other facility;

      (xv) make any material changes in tax accounting methods except as
  required by applicable law or generally accepted accounting principles;

      (xvi) write off any accounts or notes receivable in excess of
  $5,000,000 except in the ordinary course of business;

      (xvii) take any action that would reasonably be expected to prevent
  the Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of
  Section 368(a) of the Code;

      (xviii) enter into or amend any agreement with any holder of Company
  Shares with respect to holding, voting or disposing of shares;

      (xix) by resolution of its board of directors cause the acceleration
  of rights, benefits or payments under any Employee Benefit Plans other
  than as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

      (xx) except for gas sales agreements with Parent or any of its
  Subsidiaries, enter into any additional fixed price forward sales
  contracts or fixed price purchase or sale contracts that would result in
  physical delivery of its oil or gas production for the year 2001, 2002 or
  2003, as the case may be, or any fixed price financial swaps, collars,
  options or other hedging arrangements with respect to (A) its oil
  production or (B) more than 10% of its budgeted gas production for the
  year 2001, 2002 or 2003, as the case may be, and, in any event, for a term
  longer than 12 months;

      (xxi) for the five full trading days immediately following the
  parties' execution of this Agreement, sell gas-related financial
  derivatives in excess of fifty (50) NYMEX gas contracts equivalents per
  month for the calendar years 2002 and 2003; or

      (xxii) take or agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the
  actions precluded by clauses (i) through (xxi) of this Section 5.1.

  Section 5.2 Conduct of Business of Parent. Except as contemplated by this
Agreement, during the period from the date hereof to the Effective Time or
earlier termination of this Agreement, neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries (including Sub), without the prior written consent of the Company
(which consent will not unreasonably be withheld or delayed), shall:

                                      A-27

      (i) acquire, by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing an
  equity interest in or the assets of, or by any other manner, any business
  or corporation, partnership or other business organization or division
  thereof, or otherwise acquire any assets of any other entity (other than
  the purchase of assets from suppliers, clients or vendors in the ordinary
  course of business and consistent with past practice) unless, at the time
  it enters into a definitive agreement with respect to such transaction,
  Parent has a good faith belief that such transaction would not prevent or
  materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
  Agreement;

      (ii) adopt or propose to adopt any amendments to its articles of
  incorporation which would have a material adverse impact on the
  consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

      (iii) take any action that would reasonably be expected to prevent the
  Merger from qualifying as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
  368(a) of the Code;

      (iv) with respect to Parent only, split, combine or reclassify any
  shares of its capital stock, declare, set aside or pay any dividend or
  other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination
  thereof) in respect of its capital stock, make any other actual,
  constructive or deemed distribution in respect of its capital stock or
  otherwise make any payments to shareholders in their capacity as such,
  except for the payment of ordinary cash dividends in respect of the Parent
  Common Shares, unless the Exchange Ratio and Per Share Amount (as defined
  in Section 6.10) are proportionately increased or decreased, as
  applicable, in which case the prior written consent of the Company shall
  not be required, but the Company shall be entitled to written notice of
  such event;

      (v) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution of
  Parent; or

      (vi) take or agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions
  precluded by clauses (i) through (v) of this Sections 5.2.

                                  ARTICLE VI
                             ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

  Section 6.1 No Solicitation by the Company.

  (a) The Company agrees that it and its Subsidiaries (i) will not (and it
will not permit their officers, directors, employees, agents or
representatives, including any investment banker, attorney or accountant
retained by it or any of its Subsidiaries to) (A) solicit, initiate or
encourage (including by way of furnishing material non-public information) any
inquiry, proposal or offer, whether or not in writing (including any proposal
or offer to its shareholders), with respect to a third party tender offer,
merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving
all or more than 10% of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole or 10% or more of any class of capital stock of the Company, or any
acquisition, directly or indirectly, of 10% or more of the capital stock or
assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in a single
transaction

                                     A-28

or a series of related transactions, or any combination of the foregoing (any
such proposal, offer or transaction being hereinafter referred to as a "Company
Acquisition Proposal"), (B) participate or engage in any discussions or
negotiations concerning, furnish to any person any information with respect to,
or take any action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal or
offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to, a Company
Acquisition Proposal or (C) approve or recommend any Company Acquisition
Proposal, accept any Company Acquisition Proposal or enter into a letter of
intent, agreement in principle or agreement with respect to any Company
Acquisition Proposal (or resolve to or publicly propose to do any of the
foregoing); and (ii) will immediately cease and cause to be terminated any
existing negotiations with any third parties conducted heretofore with respect
to any of the foregoing; provided that, subject to Section 6.1(b), (A) nothing
contained in clause (i) above shall prohibit the Company or its board of
directors from disclosing to the Company's shareholders a position with respect
to a tender offer by a third party pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and 14e-2
promulgated under the Exchange Act, provided that the board of directors of the
Company shall not recommend that the shareholders of the Company tender their
Company Shares in connection with any such tender or exchange offer unless the
board of directors shall have determined in good faith, after consultation with
its financial advisors and outside counsel, that the relevant Company
Acquisition Proposal is a Superior Proposal and (B) prior to the Shareholders'
Meeting, if the Company receives an unsolicited bona fide written Company
Acquisition Proposal from a third party that the board of directors of the
Company determines in good faith (after receiving the advice of a financial
adviser of nationally recognized reputation) is reasonably likely to be a
Superior Proposal (as defined below), the Company and its representatives may
conduct such discussions or provide such information as the board of directors
of the Company shall determine, but only if, prior to such provision of
information or conduct of such discussions (x) such third party shall have
entered into a confidentiality agreement not materially less favorable to the
Company than the existing confidentiality agreement dated June 5, 2001, between
the Parent and the Company (the "Parent/Company Confidentiality Agreement")
(and containing additional provisions that expressly permit the Company to
comply with the provisions of this Section 6.1) and (y) the board of directors
of the Company determines in its good faith judgment, after consultation with
outside counsel, that it is required to do so in order to comply with its
fiduciary duties. For purposes of this Agreement, "Superior Proposal" means any
unsolicited bona fide written Company Acquisition Proposal which (i)
contemplates (A) a merger or other business combination, reorganization, share
exchange, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, tender offer, exchange
offer or similar transaction involving the Company as a result of which the
Company's shareholders prior to such transaction in the aggregate cease to own
at least 50% of the voting securities of the ultimate parent entity resulting
from such transaction or (B) a sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other
disposition (including, without limitation, a contribution to a joint venture)
of at least 50% of the value of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, and (ii) is on terms which the board of directors of the
Company determines (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside
counsel), taking into account, among other things, all legal, financial,
regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the person making the
proposal, (A) would, if consummated, result in a transaction that is more
favorable to its shareholders from a financial point of view (in their

                                      A-29

capacities as such) than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(including the terms of any proposal by the Parent to modify the terms of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement) and (B) is reasonably likely to be
financed and otherwise completed without undue delay.

  (b) The Company will promptly (but in any event within 24 hours) notify
Parent of any requests referred to in Section 6.1(a) for information or the
receipt of any Company Acquisition Proposal, including the identity of the
person or group engaging in such discussions or negotiations, requesting such
information or making such Company Acquisition Proposal, and the material terms
and conditions of any Company Acquisition Proposal, and shall keep Parent
informed on a timely basis (but in any event within 24 hours) of any material
changes with respect thereto. Prior to taking any action referred to in the
proviso of Section 6.1(a), if the Company intends to participate in any such
discussions or negotiations or provide any such information to any such third
party, the Company shall give prompt prior notice to Parent of each such
action.

  (c) Nothing in this Section 6.1 shall permit the Company to enter into any
agreement with respect to a Company Acquisition Proposal during the term of
this Agreement, it being agreed that, during the term of this Agreement, the
Company shall not enter into any agreement with any person that provides for,
or in any way facilitates, a Company Acquisition Proposal, other than a
confidentiality agreement not materially less favorable to the Company than the
Parent/Company Confidentiality Agreement.

  Section 6.2 Shareholders' Meeting. The Company, acting through its board of
directors, shall, in accordance with applicable law and the Company's
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, (i) duly call, give notice of, convene
and hold a meeting of its shareholders as soon as practicable following the
date hereof for the purpose of considering and taking action on this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Shareholders' Meeting") and (ii)
subject to its fiduciary duties under applicable law after consultation with
outside counsel, (A) include in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus (as defined in
Section 6.6) the unanimous recommendation of the board of directors that the
shareholders of the Company vote in favor of the approval and adoption of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and (B) use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain the necessary approval and adoption of this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby by its shareholders. Notwithstanding
the Company's failure to include the recommendation contemplated by clause (A)
of the preceding sentence (in the circumstances permitted thereby), unless this
Agreement shall have been terminated pursuant to Article VIII, the Company
shall submit this Agreement to its shareholders at the Shareholders' Meeting
for the purpose of adopting this Agreement and nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to relieve the Company of such obligation.

  Section 6.3 Filings; Reasonable Best Efforts.

  (a) Subject to the terms and conditions herein provided, the Company and
Parent each agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all action, and to do, or

                                      A-30

cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or advisable under
applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement as promptly as is practicable,
including:

      (i) promptly make their respective filings under the HSR Act with
  respect to the Merger and thereafter shall promptly make any other
  required submissions under the HSR Act and respond to any requests for
  additional information, and cause the waiting periods under the HSR Act to
  terminate or expire at the earliest possible date after the date of
  filing;

      (ii) satisfy the conditions to closing in Article VII (including, in
  the case of the Company, obtaining the opinion described in Section 7.2(b)
  and, in the case of Parent, obtaining the opinion described in Section
  7.3(b)) and to cooperate with one another in (A) determining which filings
  are required to be made prior to the Effective Time with, and which
  consents, approvals, permits or authorizations are required to be obtained
  prior to the Effective Time from governmental or regulatory authorities of
  the United States, the several states, and foreign jurisdictions in
  connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
  consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby; and
  (B) timely making all such filings and timely seeking all such consents,
  approvals, permits or authorizations;

      (iii) promptly notify each other of any communication concerning this
  Agreement or the Merger to that party from any governmental authority and
  permit the other party to review in advance any proposed communication
  concerning this Agreement or the Merger to any governmental entity;

      (iv) not agree to participate in any meeting or discussion with any
  governmental authority in respect of any filings, investigation or other
  inquiry concerning this Agreement or the Merger unless it consults with
  the other party in advance and, to the extent permitted by such
  governmental authority, gives the other party the opportunity to attend
  and participate thereat;

      (v) furnish the other party with copies of all correspondence, filings
  and communications (and memoranda setting forth the substance thereof)
  between them and their affiliates and their respective representatives on
  the one hand, and any government or regulatory authority or members or
  their respective staffs on the other hand, with respect to this Agreement
  and the Merger; and

      (vi) furnish the other party with such necessary information and
  reasonable assistance as such other parties and their respective
  affiliates may reasonably request in connection with their preparation of
  necessary filings, registrations or submissions of information to any
  governmental or regulatory authorities, including without limitation, any
  filings necessary or appropriate under the provisions of the HSR Act.

  (b) Without limiting Section 6.3(a), Parent and the Company shall:

      (i) each use its reasonable best efforts to avoid the entry of, or to
  have vacated or terminated, any decree, order or judgment, including
  without limitation defending

                                      A-31

  through litigation on the merits any claim asserted in any court by any
  party, that would restrain, prevent or delay the Closing; and

      (ii) each use reasonable best efforts to avoid or eliminate each and
  every impediment under any antitrust, competition or trade regulation law
  that may be asserted by any governmental entity with respect to the Merger
  so as to enable the Closing to occur as soon as reasonably possible
  following the termination of all applicable waiting periods under the HSR
  Act.

  (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) the
Company shall not, without Parent's prior written consent, commit to any
divestitures, licenses, hold separate arrangements or similar matters,
including covenants affecting business operating practices (or allow its
Subsidiaries to commit to any divestitures, licenses, hold separate
arrangements or similar matters), and the Company shall commit to, and shall
use reasonable best efforts to effect (and shall cause its Subsidiaries to
commit to and use reasonable best efforts to effect), any such divestitures,
licenses, hold separate arrangements or similar matters as Parent shall
request, but solely if such divestitures, licenses, hold separate arrangements
or similar matters are contingent on consummation of the Merger and (ii)
neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required (pursuant to
Section 6.3(a)(ii) or otherwise) to agree (with respect to (x) Parent or its
Subsidiaries or (y) the Company or its Subsidiaries) to any divestitures,
licenses, hold separate arrangements or similar matters, including covenants
affecting business operating practices, if such divestitures, licenses,
arrangements or similar matters, individually or in the aggregate, would
reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect or a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

  Section 6.4 Access to Information. From the date hereof through Effective
Time, the Company and Parent shall allow all designated officers, attorneys,
accountants and other representatives of the other party access at all
reasonable times upon reasonable notice to the records and files,
correspondence, audits and properties, as well as to all information relating
to commitments, contracts, titles and financial position, or otherwise
pertaining to the business and affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries or
Parent and its Subsidiaries, including inspection of such properties; provided
that no investigation pursuant to this Section 6.4 shall affect any
representation or warranty given by any party hereunder, and provided further
that notwithstanding the provision of information or investigation by any
party, no party shall be deemed to make any representation or warranty except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither party shall be required to provide any information which it reasonably
believes it may not provide to the other party by reason of applicable law,
rules or regulations, which that party reasonably believes constitutes
information protected by attorney/client privilege, or which it is required to
keep confidential by reason of contract or agreement with third parties. The
parties hereto will make reasonable and appropriate substitute disclosure
arrangements under circumstances in which the restrictions of the preceding
sentence apply. The Company and Parent agree that they will not, and will cause
their representatives not to, use any information obtained pursuant to this
Section 6.4 for any purpose unrelated to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

                                      A-32

  Section 6.5 Notification of Certain Matters. Each of the Company and Parent
agrees to give prompt notice to the other of, and to use its respective
reasonable best efforts to prevent or promptly remedy, to the extent within
their control, (i) the occurrence or failure to occur, or the impending or
threatened occurrence or failure to occur, of any event which occurrence or
failure to occur would reasonably be expected to cause any of its
representations or warranties in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in
any material respect at the Effective Time and (ii) any material failure on its
part to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be
complied with or satisfied by it hereunder; provided that the delivery of any
notice pursuant to this Section 6.5 shall not limit or otherwise affect the
remedies available hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

  Section 6.6 Registration Statement; Proxy Statement.

  (a) Each of Parent and the Company shall cooperate and promptly prepare and
Parent shall file with the SEC as soon as practicable a Registration Statement
on Form S-4 under the Securities Act (the "Registration Statement"), with
respect to the Parent Common Shares issuable in the Merger. A portion of the
Registration Statement shall also serve as the proxy statement (the "Proxy
Statement/Prospectus") with respect to the Shareholders' Meeting. The
respective parties will cause the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the
Registration Statement to comply as to form in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. Each of Parent and the Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC
as promptly as practicable. Each of Parent and the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to obtain, prior to the effective date of the
Registration Statement, all necessary state securities law or "Blue Sky"
permits or approvals required to carry out the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. Parent will advise the Company, promptly after it receives
notice thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement has become
effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, the issuance of any
stop order, the suspension of the qualification of the Parent Common Shares
issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC for amendment of the Registration
Statement or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for
additional information. The Company will advise Parent, promptly after it
receives notice thereof, of any request by the SEC for amendment of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by
the SEC for additional information.

  (b) The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to its shareholders as promptly as
practicable after the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC.

  (c) Each of Parent and the Company agrees that the information provided by it
for inclusion in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and each amendment or
supplement thereto, at the time of mailing thereof and at the time of the
respective meetings of shareholders of Parent and of the Company, or, in the
case of information provided by it for inclusion in the Registration Statement
or any amendment or supplement thereto, at the time it is filed or

                                      A-33

becomes effective, (i) will comply as to form in all material respects with the
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations of the SEC thereunder and (ii) will not include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

  Section 6.7 Listing Application. Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts
to cause the Parent Common Shares to be issued in the Merger and the Parent
Common Shares to be issued upon exercise of Substituted Options and Assumed
Options (as such terms are defined in Section 6.10(f)) to be approved for
listing, subject to official notice of issuance, on the New York Stock Exchange
prior to the Effective Time.

  Section 6.8 Agreements of Affiliates. Not less than thirty (30) days before
the Effective Time, the Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to
Parent a list identifying all persons who the Company believes may be deemed,
at the time of the Shareholders' Meeting, to be "affiliates" of the Company,
for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act (the "Rule 145 Affiliates").
Parent shall be entitled to place restrictive legends on any Parent Common
Shares received by such Rule 145 Affiliates relating to transfer restrictions
imposed by Rule 145 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to cause each person who is identified as a Rule 145
Affiliate in such list to deliver to Parent, at or prior to the Effective Time,
a written agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

  Section 6.9 Indemnification and Insurance.

  (a) From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to indemnify, defend and hold harmless to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law each person who is, or has been at any time
prior to the Effective Time, an officer or director of the Company (or any
Subsidiary or division thereof) and each person who served at the request of
the Company as a director, officer, trustee or fiduciary of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, pension or other employee
benefit plan or enterprise (individually, an "Indemnified Party" and,
collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") against all losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs or expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines,
penalties and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or pertaining to acts or
omissions, or alleged acts or omissions, by them in their capacities as such,
whether commenced, asserted or claimed before or after the Effective Time. In
the event of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation (an
"Action"), (i) Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to pay, as
incurred, the fees and expenses of counsel selected by the Indemnified Party,
which counsel shall be reasonably acceptable to Parent, in advance of the final
disposition of any such Action to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, and, if required, upon receipt of any undertaking required by applicable
law, and (ii) Parent will, and will cause the Surviving Corporation to,
cooperate in the defense of any such matter; provided that neither Parent nor
the Surviving Corporation shall be liable for any settlement effected without
its written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), and provided

                                      A-34

further that neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be obligated
pursuant to this Section 6.9(a) to pay the fees and disbursements of more than
one counsel for all Indemnified Parties in any single Action, unless, in the
good faith judgment of any of the Indemnified Parties, there is or may be a
conflict of interests between two or more of such Indemnified Parties, in which
case there may be separate counsel for each similarly situated group.

  (b) The parties agree that the rights to indemnification, including
provisions relating to advances of expenses incurred in defense of any action
or suit, in the certificate of incorporation, bylaws and any indemnification
agreement of the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to matters occurring
through the Effective Time, shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full
force and effect for a period of six years from the Effective Time; provided
that all rights to indemnification in respect of any Action pending or asserted
or claim made within such period shall continue until the disposition of such
Action or resolution of such claim.

  (c) For a period of six years after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall maintain officers' and directors' liability insurance
covering the Indemnified Parties who are or at any time prior to the Effective
Time were covered by the Company's existing officers' and directors' liability
insurance ("D&O Insurance") policies on terms substantially no less
advantageous to the Indemnified Parties than such existing insurance with
respect to acts or omissions, or alleged acts or omissions, prior to the
Effective Time (whether claims, actions or other proceedings relating thereto
are commenced, asserted or claimed before or after the Effective Time);
provided that after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall not be
required to pay annual premiums in excess of 200% of the last annual premium
paid by the Company prior to the date hereof (the amount of which premiums are
set forth in the Company Disclosure Letter) (the "Maximum Premium"), but in
such case shall purchase as much coverage as reasonably practicable for such
amount. Parent shall have the right to cause coverage to be extended under the
Company's D&O Insurance by obtaining "tail" coverage for such six-year period
on terms and conditions no less advantageous than the Company's existing D&O
Insurance, and such "tail" policy shall satisfy the provisions of this Section
6.9(c).

  (d) The rights of each Indemnified Party hereunder shall be in addition to
any other rights such Indemnified Party may have under the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, under the
OGCA, under existing indemnification agreements, or otherwise, all of which
will be assumed by the Surviving Corporation and remain in effect for a period
of at least six years following the Effective Time.

  (e) In the event Parent or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates
with or merges into any other person and shall not be the continuing or
surviving corporation or entity in such consolidation or merger or (ii)
transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person,
then and in either such case, proper provision shall be made so that the
successors and assigns of Parent, as the case may be, shall assume the
obligations set forth in this Section 6.9.

                                      A-35

  (f) The provisions of this Section 6.9 shall survive the consummation of the
Merger and expressly are intended to benefit each of the Indemnified Parties.

  Section 6.10 Employee Benefits.

  (a) From and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall assume
and honor, all Employee Benefit Plans including all employment agreements with
officers of the Company in accordance with their terms as in effect immediately
before the consummation of the Merger, subject to any amendment or termination
thereof that may be permitted by such terms; provided that the foregoing shall
not be construed as prohibiting Parent or the Surviving Corporation from
terminating the employment of any employee of the Surviving Corporation after
the Effective Time. It is acknowledged and agreed that the approval of the
Merger by the Company Requisite Vote will constitute a "change of control" for
purposes of all those Employee Benefit Plans containing "change of control"
provisions including existing change of control agreements between the Company
and certain of its officers ("CIC Agreements"). Notwithstanding any provisions
in the CIC Agreements to the contrary, the amounts payable thereunder shall be
paid on the Closing Date.

  (b) For 12 months following the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
shall continue to provide to those individuals who are employed by the Company
as of the Effective Time and who remain employed following the Effective Time
by the Surviving Corporation or any Subsidiary of the Surviving Corporation
("Affected Employees"), compensation and employee benefits which, in the
aggregate, are no less favorable than the compensation and benefits provided by
the Company to such employees immediately prior to consummation of the Merger;
provided that (i) as of January 1, 2002, Affected Employees shall become
eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans, programs, policies and
arrangements of Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent (the "Parent Plans") on the
same basis as similarly situated employees of the Parent, and (ii) the Parent
Plans shall be deemed to satisfy this Section 6.10(b). Additionally, any
employee of Company who is not covered by a CIC Agreement whose employment is
terminated by the Surviving Corporation on or after the Effective Time other
than for cause will be eligible for the severance benefits under the Parent
Severance Program effective January 27, 2000 which provides for, among other
things, two months advance notice prior to termination, severance payments of
one month's salary for each year of service or partial year of more than six
months with the Company and the Surviving Corporation (including credited
service with the Company as provided in Section 6.10(c) below), up to six
months of paid COBRA coverage, outplacement services and minimum and maximum
severance payment periods of 2 and 18 months, respectively.

  (c) The Surviving Corporation shall give Affected Employees full credit for
their continuous service with the Company and its Subsidiaries (including
deemed service credited by such entities) for purposes of eligibility to
participate and vesting (but not benefit accruals under any defined benefit
pension plan) under all employee benefit plans, programs, policies or
arrangements which are maintained by Parent or any Subsidiary of Parent or the
Surviving Corporation for such Affected Employees to the same extent recognized
by the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time under similar Employee
Benefit Plans.

                                      A-36

  (d) Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall (i) waive all limitations as
to preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to
participation and coverage requirements applicable to the Affected Employees
under any welfare benefit plans that such employees may be eligible to
participate in after the Effective Time, other than limitations or waiting
periods that are already in effect with respect to such employees under the
Employee Benefit Plans and that have not been satisfied as of the Effective
Time and (ii) provide each Affected Employee with credit for any co-payments
and deductibles paid prior to the Effective Time (in the calendar year of the
Effective Time) in satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-pocket
requirements for the year in which the Effective Time occurs under any welfare
plans that such employees are eligible to participate in after the Effective
Time.

  (e) The Surviving Corporation shall sponsor the Company's 401(k) Plan as of
the Effective Time. The Surviving Corporation either shall continue to sponsor
such 401(k) Plan or shall merge such Plan into the 401(k) Plan of Parent with
the result that the participants in the Company's 401(k) Plan shall be entitled
to repay any outstanding participant loans pursuant to the terms of the
Company's 401(k) Plan and to avoid any deemed distribution.

  (f) With respect to each outstanding option to acquire Company Shares (the
"Company Options") under the Company's Stock Option Plan, (the "Stock Option
Plan") :

      (i) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company will offer to all
  employees and directors of the Company holding Company Options the
  opportunity to elect to amend their Company Options so that they may be
  converted into Substituted Options (as defined below). Prior to approval
  of the Merger by shareholders of the Company, the Company shall cause the
  Committee to exercise its authority under the Stock Option Plan to make a
  determination that optionees will not be permitted to surrender for
  cancellation their outstanding Company Options for a cash payment
  following a Change in Control (as defined in the Stock Option Plan).

      (ii) Parent shall take all necessary action to provide that, at the
  Effective Time, for each Company employee and director who holds a Company
  Option and who elects to receive a Substituted Option, each then
  outstanding Company Option will automatically be converted into an option
  of equivalent value in Parent Common Shares (the "Substituted Option") as
  follows. Each Company Option will be converted into a Substituted Option
  to purchase a number of Parent Common Shares equal to the product of (A)
  the number of shares of Company Shares that could have been purchased
  under such Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time
  multiplied by (B) the quotient of (1) the Per Share Amount (as defined
  below) divided by (2) the Average Price (as defined below) (rounded to the
  nearest whole number of Parent Common Shares). The exercise price per
  share of the Substituted Option shall be equal to the quotient of (C) the
  per-share option exercise price specified in the Company Option divided by
  (D) the quotient of (1) the Per Share Amount divided by (2) the Average
  Price (rounded up to the nearest whole cent). The "Per Share Amount" shall
  mean the sum of the (E) the Cash Consideration and (F) the product of the
  Exchange Ratio and the Average Price. The Average Price shall mean the
  average

                                      A-37

  (rounded to the nearest 1/10,000) of the volume weighted averages (rounded
  to the nearest 1/10,000) of the trading prices of Parent Common Shares on
  the New York Stock Exchange, as reported by Bloomberg Financial markets
  (or such other source as the parties shall agree in writing), for the ten
  consecutive Trading Days ending on the third Trading Day immediately
  before the Effective Time. Trading Day shall mean any day on which
  securities are traded on the New York Stock Exchange.

      (iii) Parent shall take all necessary action to provide that, at the
  Effective Time, for each Company employee and director holding a Company
  Option who does not elect to accept a Substituted Option, each then
  outstanding Company Option will automatically be converted into an option
  ("Assumed Option") to acquire the Merger Consideration (including the cash
  payment to be made pursuant to Section 2.2(d) in lieu of a fraction of a
  Parent Common Share), and the per share exercise price shall be
  appropriately adjusted, as if such Company Option had been exercised
  immediately prior to the Effective Time.

      (iv) Except as provided above, the terms and conditions of the
  Substituted Options and the Assumed Options shall be the same as the terms
  of the Company Options and the existing individual agreements with the
  holders thereof.

  (g) If the Effective Time occurs prior to the payment of 2001 annual bonuses
to employees as provided in Section 5.1(b)(xi), the Surviving Corporation shall
pay such bonuses as set forth on a schedule delivered by Company to Parent
prior to Closing. The aggregate amount of 2001 annual bonuses set forth on such
schedule shall not exceed $3.4 million multiplied by (A) the quotient of the
number of days of calendar 2001 elapsed prior to the Effective Time divided by
(B) 365. Bonuses set forth on the schedule shall be paid by the Surviving
Corporation to employees who are parties to CIC Agreements (as defined in
Section 6.10(a) hereof) on the Closing Date. All other employees listed on the
schedule who do not prior thereto voluntarily terminate employment with the
Surviving Corporation or who are not terminated by the Surviving Corporation
for cause shall be paid their 2001 annual bonuses on or before February 15,
2002.

  Section 6.11 Reorganization. From and after the date hereof and until the
Effective Time, none of Parent, the Company or any of their respective
Subsidiaries shall knowingly (i) take any action, or fail to take any
reasonable action, as a result of which the Merger would fail to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Code or (ii) enter
into any contract, agreement, commitment or arrangement to take or fail to take
any such action. Following the Effective Time, Parent shall not knowingly take
any action or knowingly cause any action to be taken which would cause the
Merger to fail to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code.

  Section 6.12 Public Statements. The parties will consult with each other and
will mutually agree upon any press releases or public announcements pertaining
to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not issue
any such press releases or make any such public announcements prior to such
consultation and agreement, except as may be required by applicable law or by
obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange.

                                      A-38

  Section 6.13 Fees and Expenses. Except as set forth in Section 8.5, all costs
and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether
or not the Merger is consummated.

  Section 6.14 Company Name and Trademarks. As soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cease using the Company's name
and logo in any manner. At the Effective Time, the Company shall assign its
rights to such name to S. A. Louis Dreyfus et Cie or one or more of its
affiliates subject to the terms of a licensing agreement permitting the
Surviving Corporation to use the name and trademark for a limited transitional
period not to exceed one year.

                                  ARTICLE VII
                                   CONDITIONS

  Section 7.1 Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger. The
respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to
the fulfillment at or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

  (a) The Company Requisite Vote shall have been obtained.

  (b) The waiting period applicable to the consummation of the Merger shall
have expired or been terminated under the HSR Act.

  (c) None of the parties hereto shall be subject to any decree, order or
injunction of a court of competent jurisdiction, U.S. or foreign, which
prohibits the consummation of the Merger; and no statute, rule or regulation
shall have been enacted by any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction
which prohibits or makes unlawful the consummation of the Merger.

  (d) The Registration Statement shall have become effective and no stop order
with respect thereto shall be in effect and no proceedings for that purpose
shall have been commenced or threatened by the SEC.

  (e) The Parent Common Shares to be issued pursuant to the Merger shall have
been authorized for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official
notice of issuance.

  Section 7.2 Conditions to Obligation of the Company to Effect the Merger. The
obligation of the Company to effect the Merger shall be subject to the
fulfillment or waiver by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:

  (a) (i) Parent shall have performed in all material respects its covenants
and agreements contained in this Agreement required to be performed on or prior
to the Closing Date and (ii) the representations and warranties of Parent and
Sub contained in this Agreement and in any document delivered in connection
herewith (A) to the extent qualified

                                      A-39

by Parent Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualification shall
be true and correct and (B) to the extent not qualified by Parent Material
Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualification shall be true and correct
in all material respects, in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as
of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties made as of a
specified date, which need be true and correct only as of the specified date);
provided that the condition set forth in clause (ii) shall be deemed to have
been satisfied unless such breaches of representations and warranties (without
regard to Parent Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualification
or threshold), individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected
to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect; and the Company shall have received a
certificate of Parent, executed on its behalf by its President or a Senior Vice
President of Parent, dated the Closing Date, certifying to such effect.

  (b) The Company shall have received the opinion of Crowe & Dunlevy, counsel
to the Company, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company,
on the basis of certain facts, representations and assumptions set forth in
such opinion, dated the Closing Date, a copy of which shall be furnished to
Parent, to the effect that (i) the Merger will qualify for United States
federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code and Parent, Newco and the Company will be "parties" to a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code, (ii) no gain
or loss will be recognized by the Company in connection with the Merger and
(iii) a shareholder of the Company that is a United States Person (within the
meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) and that receives both (A) Parent
Common Shares and (B) cash in the Merger in exchange for Company Shares will
recognize realized gain only to the extent of the lesser of such realized gain
or the cash received in the exchange (but will not recognize any loss). In
rendering such opinion, such counsel shall be entitled to receive and rely upon
representations of officers of the Company, Newco and Parent as to such matters
as such counsel may reasonably request.

  Section 7.3 Conditions to Obligation of Parent to Effect the Merger. The
obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger shall be subject to the
fulfillment or waiver by Parent at or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:

  (a) (i) The Company shall have performed in all material respects its
covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement required to be performed
on or prior to the Closing Date and (ii) the representations and warranties of
the Company contained in this Agreement and in any document delivered in
connection herewith (A) to the extent qualified by Company Material Adverse
Effect or any other materiality qualification shall be true and correct and (B)
to the extent not qualified by Company Material Adverse Effect or any other
materiality qualification shall be true and correct in all material respects,
in each case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date
(except for representations and warranties made as of a specified date, which
need be true and correct only as of the specified date); provided that the
condition set forth in clause (ii) shall be deemed to have been satisfied
unless such breaches of representations and warranties (without regard to
Company Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualification or
threshold),

                                      A-40

individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect; and Parent shall have received a certificate
of the Company, executed on its behalf by its President or a Vice President of
the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying to such effect.

  (b) Parent shall have received the opinion of McGuireWoods LLP, counsel to
Parent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent, on the basis
of certain facts, representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion,
dated the Closing Date, a copy of which will be furnished to the Company, to
the effect that (i) the Merger will qualify for United States federal income
tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code and Parent, Newco and the Company will be "parties" to a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code and (ii) no gain or loss will
be recognized in connection with the Merger by any corporation which is a party
to the reorganization. In rendering such opinion, such counsel shall be
entitled to receive and rely upon representations of officers of the Company,
Newco and Parent as to such matters as such counsel may reasonably request.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  TERMINATION

  Section 8.1 Termination by Mutual Consent. This Agreement may be terminated
at any time prior to the Effective Time by the mutual written consent of the
Company and Parent.

  Section 8.2 Termination by Parent or the Company. This Agreement may be
terminated by action of the board of directors of the Company (upon payment of
the Termination Amount (as defined below), if payable pursuant to Section
8.5(a)) or by action of the board of directors of Parent, if:

      (i) the Merger shall not have been consummated by March 31, 2002;
  provided that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this
  clause (i) shall not be available to any party whose failure to perform or
  observe in any material respect any of its obligations under this
  Agreement in any manner shall have been the cause of, or resulted in, the
  failure of the Merger to occur on or before such date; provided further
  that such time period shall be tolled for any period during which any
  party shall be subject to a non-final order, decree, ruling or action
  restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the
  Merger; or

      (ii) if the Company Requisite Vote shall not have been obtained at the
  Shareholders' Meeting (including adjournment and postponement thereof); or

      (iii) a United States federal or state court of competent jurisdiction
  or United States federal or state governmental, regulatory or
  administrative agency or commission shall have issued an order, decree or
  ruling or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or
  otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such order, decree, ruling or other
  action shall have become final and non-appealable; provided that the party

                                      A-41

  seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (iii) shall
  have complied with Section 6.3 and with respect to other matters not
  covered by Section 6.3 shall have used its reasonable best efforts to
  remove such injunction, order or decree.

  Section 8.3 Termination by the Company. This Agreement may be terminated
prior to the Effective Time, by action of the board of directors of the Company
after consultation with its legal advisors, if:

      (i) prior to the Shareholders' Meeting, the Company receives a
  Superior Proposal as described in Section 6.1(a) and resolves to accept
  such Superior Proposal, but only if the Company has acted in all material
  respects in accordance with, and has otherwise complied in all material
  respects with the terms of, Section 6.1, including the notice provisions
  therein; provided 