URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/31235/000095013001505857/0000950130-01-505857.txt

	CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14650
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7167244000

S-4

ds4.txt

INITIAL FORM S-4

   As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 5, 2001
                                                          Registration No. 333-
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C. 20549
                               -----------------
                                   FORM S-4
                            REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     Under
                          THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                               -----------------
                             Eastman Kodak Company
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           New Jersey                         3861                 16-0417150
 (State or other jurisdiction of  (Primary Standard Industrial  (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)   Classification Code Number)  Identification No.)

                             Eastman Kodak Company
                               343 State Street
                        Rochester, New York 14650-0218
                                (585) 724-4000
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                         principal executive offices)

                           Joyce P. Haag, Secretary
                             Eastman Kodak Company
                               343 State Street
                        Rochester, New York 14650-0218
                                (585) 724-4368
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)

                                  Copies to:

         Craig S. Wittlin                Richard S. Chernicoff
   Harter, Secrest & Emery LLP      Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
     1600 Bausch & Lomb Place            550 South Hope Street
  Rochester, New York 14604-2711   Los Angeles, California 90071-2604
          (585) 231-1260                     (213) 489-4060
        Fax (585) 232-2152                 Fax (213) 745-3345

   Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale of the securities to the
public: As soon as practicable following completion of the merger described in
this Registration Statement.

   If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]
   If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [_]
   If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]
                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                               Proposed          Maximum
   Title of each class of     Amount to be maximum offering aggregate offering    Amount of
 securitiesto be registered    registered  price per share        price        registration fee
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, par value $2.50
  per share.................. 1,019,396(1)        --          $23,940,517(2)        $5,722

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) Represents the maximum number of shares of Kodak common stock issuable in
    connection with the merger based upon (A) $2.00 (the merger consideration
    to be paid per share of Encad common stock) times (x) 12,001,632
    outstanding shares of Encad common stock, plus (y) an estimated 390,000
    options to purchase shares of Encad common stock that could be exercised
    prior to the closing of the merger and which are "in the money" (based upon
    merger consideration of $2.00 per share of Encad common stock), plus (z)
    45,000 shares of Encad common stock that could be purchased pursuant to
    Encad's employee stock purchase plan on December 31, 2001, divided by (B)
    $24.40, the 52-week low closing price of Kodak common stock.
(2) Pursuant to Rule 457(f), represents (x) the average of the high and low
    prices of shares of Encad common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National
    Market on November 30, 2001 times (y) 12,436,632, the sum of the number of
    outstanding shares of Encad common stock, the number of "in the money"
    options (using a $2.00 value) to purchase shares of Encad common stock, and
    shares of Encad common stock that could be purchased pursuant to Encad's
    employee stock purchase plan.

   The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until this Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a),
may determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   Encad Logo

                                    , 2001

Dear Fellow Stockholder:

   I am pleased to ask you to vote at a special meeting of Encad's stockholders
to consider the merger agreement Encad signed with Eastman Kodak Company. Upon
completion of the merger, Encad will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak.

   In the proposed merger, each share of Encad's common stock will be converted
into $2.00 of consideration. The consideration will be paid in Kodak stock or,
if Kodak's stock price is below $27.00, then Kodak may elect to pay the
consideration in cash. Kodak has registered approximately one million shares of
its common stock in connection with the merger. Kodak's common stock is traded
on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "EK" and its closing price on
the New York Stock Exchange was $   on     .

   Your board of directors has carefully considered the proposed merger and
unanimously recommends that you vote to adopt the merger agreement.

   We have scheduled a special meeting of our stockholders to be held on      ,
2002 to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement. Your
vote is very important regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or
not you plan to attend the special meeting, please vote as soon as possible to
ensure that your shares will be represented at the special meeting. You may
vote by completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in
the enclosed prepaid envelope. If you do not vote, it will have the same effect
as voting against the merger.

   We look forward to the successful combination of Encad and Kodak and to your
continued support as a shareholder of Kodak if Kodak uses stock to complete the
transaction.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          Terry E. Vandewarker
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

    You should carefully read the "Risk Factors Relating to the Merger" section
that begins at page  .

   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved of the securities to be issued in connection with the
merger or determined if this proxy statement-prospectus is truthful or
complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

   This proxy statement-prospectus is dated     , 2001 and is first being
mailed to Encad's stockholders on or about     , 2001.

                                  ENCAD, Inc.
                          6059 Cornerstone Court West
                          San Diego, California 92121

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                           TO BE HELD ON     , 2002

   On      ,       , 2002, ENCAD, Inc., a Delaware corporation, will hold a
special meeting of stockholders at its principal executive offices located at
6059 Cornerstone Court West, San Diego, California 92121. The meeting will
begin at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Standard Time (local time).

   Only stockholders who owned stock at the close of business on     , 2001 are
entitled to notice of and to vote at this meeting, or any adjournments or
postponements that may occur. At the meeting, stockholders will consider and
vote upon the following matter that is more fully described in this document:

    .  Adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 14,
       2001, by and among Eastman Kodak Company, Kodak Acquisition Corp. and
       ENCAD, Inc.

   All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the meeting in person.
Regardless of whether you plan to attend the meeting, you are urged to sign and
date the enclosed proxy which is solicited by your board of directors, and
return it promptly in the accompanying envelope, postage for which has been
provided if mailed in the United States.

   The prompt return of proxies will ensure a quorum and save Encad the expense
of further solicitation. Any stockholder returning the enclosed proxy may
revoke it prior to its exercise by voting in person at the meeting or by filing
with Encad's Corporate Secretary at Encad's corporate offices in San Diego,
California, a written revocation or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date.

                                          By order of the Board of Directors,

                                          Thomas L. Green, Esq.
                                          Corporate Secretary

San Diego, California
December  , 2001

                            YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT

   In order to ensure your representation at the meeting, you are requested to
complete, sign and date the enclosed proxy and return it as promptly as
possible in the enclosed envelope. No postage is required if mailed in the
United States.

   This document incorporates important business and financial information that
is not included in or delivered with this document. This information is
available without charge upon oral or written request. To be sure that the
documents arrive on time, you should make all requests for documents no later
than     , 2002. To request information, stockholders should contact either:

         ENCAD, Inc.                   Eastman Kodak Company
         6059 Cornerstone Court West   343 State Street
         San Diego, California 92121   Rochester, New York 14650
         Attention: Investor Relations Attention: Shareholder Services
         (888) 436-2347                (585) 724-5492

                               

Questions and Answers About the Merger....................................... iii

Summary......................................................................   1
   The Companies.............................................................   1
   Special Meeting of Encad Stockholders.....................................   1
   Recommendation of Encad's Board of Directors..............................   2
   Opinion of Banc of America Securities LLC.................................   2
   Terms of the Merger.......................................................   2
   What Encad Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger........................   2
   The Merger Agreement......................................................   2
   Accounting Treatment......................................................   4
   Regulatory Requirements...................................................   4
   New York Stock Exchange Listing...........................................   4
   Effects of the Merger on the Rights of Encad Stockholders.................   4
   Special Interests of Encad Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.   4

Selected Kodak Consolidated Financial Data...................................   5

Selected Encad Consolidated Financial Data...................................   6

Comparative Per Share Information............................................   7

Market Prices as of Announcement Date........................................   8

Risk Factors Relating to the Merger..........................................   9

Background of the Merger and Related Matters.................................  12
   Background and Reasons for the Merger.....................................  12
   Recommendation of Encad's Board of Directors..............................  15
   Opinion of Banc of America Securities LLC.................................  16

The Merger...................................................................  22
   General...................................................................  22
   United States Federal Income Tax Consequences.............................  22
   Anticipated Accounting Treatment..........................................  23
   Dissenters' Appraisal Rights..............................................  24
   Resale of Kodak Common Stock Issued in the Merger.........................  25

Merger Agreement.............................................................  26
   General...................................................................  26
   Effect on Capital Stock, Options and Purchase Rights......................  26
   Exchange of Certificates in the Merger....................................  27
   Representations and Warranties............................................  28
   Encad's Covenants Prior to the Effective Time of the Merger...............  29
   Covenants of Kodak........................................................  31
   Other Covenants...........................................................  32
   Conditions to Each Party's Obligations....................................  32
   Conditions to Kodak's Obligations.........................................  33
   Conditions to Encad's Obligations.........................................  34
   Termination of the Merger Agreement.......................................  34

                                      i

The Special Meeting..........................................................................  36
   General Information; Purpose of the Special Meeting.......................................  36
   Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote......................................................  36
   Vote Required.............................................................................  36
   Voting and Revocation of Proxies..........................................................  36
   Other Matters to be Considered............................................................  37
   Solicitation of Proxies...................................................................  37

Interests of Encad's Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger..........................  38

Information About Encad......................................................................  40
   Business..................................................................................  40
   General...................................................................................  40
   Price Range of Encad's Common Stock.......................................................  41
   Security Ownership of Five Percent Beneficial Owners and Management.......................  41

Comparative Rights of Kodak Shareholders and Encad Stockholders..............................  42

Description of Kodak Common Stock............................................................  47

Experts......................................................................................  47

Legal Matters................................................................................  47

Forward-Looking Statements...................................................................  48

Submission of Stockholder Proposals..........................................................  48

Where to Find More Information...............................................................  48

Some Documents are "Incorporated by Reference"...............................................  49

Annex A Agreement and Plan of Merger Dated as of November 14, 2001 by and among Eastman Kodak
        Company, Kodak Acquisition Corp. and ENCAD, Inc...................................... A-1

Annex B Opinion of Banc of America Securities LLC............................................ B-1

Annex C Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.................................. C-1

                                      ii

                    QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: WHAT IS THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION?

A: A wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak will merge into Encad. As a result, Encad
   will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak, and you will receive merger
   consideration that will consist of either shares of Kodak common stock or
   cash, as described below.

Q: WHAT WILL I RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A: Each share of Encad common stock will be converted into shares of Kodak
   common stock or, under the circumstances described below, cash. The number
   of shares of Kodak common stock to be issued for each share of Encad common
   stock is calculated by dividing $2.00 by the average of the closing sales
   prices of Kodak common stock over 10 trading days before the special meeting
   of Encad stockholders ending on the second trading day before the special
   meeting.

      Kodak will not issue fractional shares. Rather, you will receive cash
   payments, without interest, in place of any fractional Kodak shares you
   would have otherwise received.

      If the average of the closing sales price of Kodak common stock over the
   10 trading days ending on the second trading day before the special meeting
   is less than $27.00, Kodak may elect to pay the merger consideration in
   cash, rather than in Kodak common stock. In that event, Kodak will instead
   pay $2.00 in cash for each share of Encad common stock converted in the
   merger. Kodak will make the election on or before the close of business on
   the trading day before the special meeting.

Q: WHAT STEPS DO I TAKE TO CAST MY VOTE?

A: You may vote by mailing a signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope
   as soon as possible so that your shares may be represented at the special
   meeting. You may also attend the special meeting and vote in person.

Q: CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE?

A: Yes. You may change your vote by delivering a written notice of revocation
   to Encad's secretary, by delivering a later-dated, signed proxy card to
   Encad's corporate secretary before the special meeting, or by attending the
   special meeting and voting in person.

Q: IF MY BROKER HOLDS MY SHARES IN "STREET NAME," WILL MY BROKER VOTE MY
   SHARES FOR ME ?

A: Your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions to your
   broker on how to vote. You should follow the directions provided by your
   broker regarding how to instruct your broker to vote your shares. Without
   instructions to your broker, your shares will not be voted and will have the
   same effect as a vote against the merger.

Q: IS THE MERGER TAXABLE TO ME?

A: If Kodak pays the merger consideration in Kodak common stock, Kodak and
   Encad each expect the merger to be tax-free and have structured the merger
   so that you will not recognize any gain or loss for United States federal
   income tax purposes. If Kodak elects to pay the merger consideration in
   cash, you will generally recognize gain or loss for United States income tax
   purposes to the extent the amounts received differ from your tax basis in
   your Encad common stock.

      The material United States federal income tax consequences of the
   transaction are described in more detail beginning on page  .

                                      iii

   The tax consequences to you will depend on the facts of your situation.
   Please consult your tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax
   consequences to you of the merger.

Q: AM I ENTITLED TO DISSENTERS' APPRAISAL RIGHTS?

A: If Kodak pays the merger consideration in stock, you will not have
   dissenters' appraisal rights. If Kodak pays the merger consideration in
   cash, you will be entitled to dissenters' appraisal rights in connection
   with the merger so long as you comply with Delaware law. The availability of
   dissenters' appraisal rights is discussed in more detail on page .

Q: WHEN DO YOU EXPECT TO COMPLETE THE MERGER?

A: Kodak and Encad expect to complete the merger on or about       , 2002.
   Because the merger is subject to factors beyond the parties' control,
   however, Kodak and Encad cannot predict the exact time of completion.

Q: SHOULD I SEND IN MY ENCAD STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A: No. After Encad completes the merger, Kodak will send instructions
   explaining how to exchange your Encad share certificates for Kodak share
   certificates or, if applicable, cash.

Q: ARE THERE ANY SPECIAL RISKS INVOLVED WITH THIS TRANSACTION ABOUT WHICH I
   SHOULD BE AWARE?

A: Yes. All transactions involve risk, and you should be aware that a decision
   to vote in favor of the merger means that, unless Kodak elects prior to the
   special meeting to pay the merger consideration in cash, you are deciding to
   receive and invest in Kodak common stock. Some of the particular risks
   associated with the merger are discussed in this document, beginning on page
    . You should read and understand all of those risks before deciding whether
   you will vote to approve the merger.

Q: WHOM CAN I CALL WITH QUESTIONS?

A: If you have any questions about the merger, or if you would like copies of
   any of the documents referred to in this document, you should call Encad's
   Investor Relations Department at (888) 436-2347 if they relate to Encad, or
   Kodak's Shareholder Services at (585) 724-5492 if they relate to Kodak.

                                      iv

                                    SUMMARY

   The following is a brief summary of selected information from this document
and may not include all of the information that is important to you. To better
understand the merger, and for a more complete description of the legal terms
of the transaction, you should read this entire document carefully, as well as
those additional documents to which you are referred. See "Where to Find More
Information," on page  .

                                 The Companies

Eastman Kodak Company 343 State Street Rochester, New York 14650-0218
Telephone number: (585) 724-4000 website: www.Kodak.com

   Kodak is engaged primarily in developing, manufacturing and marketing
imaging products and services. Kodak is the world's leader in helping people
and businesses take, share, store and print pictures--traditional or digital.
Kodak had sales last year of nearly $14 billion across its photography,
commercial, health, entertainment and components businesses. Kodak's products
include professional and consumer digital cameras, laser images for
radiologists, photographic films for professionals and amateurs, digital
services for cinematographers, high speed document scanners, aerial images,
digital printers for commercial customers and flat panel displays. Kodak's
products are manufactured in a number of countries in North and South America,
Europe, Australia and Asia and are marketed and sold in many countries
throughout the world. Kodak is a corporation organized under the laws of the
State of New Jersey. Kodak's shares are currently listed on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol "EK."

   Please note that information found on Kodak's website is not intended to be
a part of this document.

ENCAD, Inc. 6059 Cornerstone Court West San Diego, California 92121-3734
Telephone number: (858) 452-0882 Website: www.Encad.com

   Encad designs, develops, manufactures and markets wide-format (up to
60-inch) color ink jet printer systems designed to increase productivity in
computer applications requiring quality printed output. Encad's printer product
line consists of the CADJET(R) 2, CADJET(R) 3D, Croma24(TM), NovaJet(R)
500/630/700 series, the NovaJet(R) 850 and the NovaJet(R) 880. To support its
wide-format ink jet printers, Encad offers a variety of accessories, software
and supplies, including specialty ink and media. Typical uses for these
printers and their related accessories and supplies are in graphic arts
production, computer-aided design, outdoor graphics and textiles. For
additional information about Encad, see page  . Encad is a corporation
organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. Encad's shares are currently
listed for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "ENCD."

   Please note that information found on Encad's website is not intended to be
a part of this document.

Special Meeting of Encad Stockholders (see page  )

   Time, Date, Place and Purpose. The special meeting will be held at Encad's
principal executive offices, 6059 Cornerstone Court West, San Diego, California
92121-3734, on       , 2002, beginning at 9:00 a.m., local time, to consider
and to vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

   Record Date and Votes Required. You can vote at the special meeting if you
owned Encad common stock at the close of business on      , 2001. On that date,
there were approximately shares of Encad common stock outstanding and entitled
to vote, held by approximately     stockholders of record. You can cast one
vote for each share of Encad common stock you owned on that date. Adoption of
the merger agreement requires the vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Encad common stock.

   Please be aware that stockholders representing approximately 9.3% of Encad's
total outstanding voting shares, as of the record date, have entered into
voting agreements with Kodak in which they agree to vote all of their shares in
favor of adoption of the merger agreement.

   Encad's directors, executive officers and their affiliates beneficially own
approximately 13.3% of the outstanding shares of Encad common stock as of
November 30, 2001. Kodak's directors, executive officers and their affiliates
beneficially own approximately 0.6% of the outstanding shares of Kodak common
stock as of October 31, 2001.

Recommendation of Encad's Board of Directors (see page  )

   Encad's board of directors believes that the merger is fair to Encad's
stockholders and in their best interests, and has unanimously voted to approve
the merger agreement and unanimously recommends that you vote for the adoption
of the merger agreement.

Opinion of Banc of America Securities LLC (see page  )

   In deciding to approve the merger, Encad's board of directors considered the
opinion of its financial advisor, Banc of America Securities LLC, that, as of
November 14, 2001, and subject to and based on the assumptions and limitations
referred to in its opinion, the consideration to be received by Encad
stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement is fair to them from a financial
point of view. The full text of that opinion is attached to this document as
Annex B. You are encouraged to read Banc of America Securities' opinion
carefully and in its entirety. Banc of America Securities has been paid a fee
of $250,000 and, if the merger is completed, will receive an additional fee of
$750,000 for acting as financial advisor to Encad's board of directors.

Terms of the Merger (See page  )

   If the merger is completed, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak, formed
solely for the purpose of the merger, will merge with and into Encad. As a
result, Encad will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak, and Encad's
stockholders will have their shares exchanged for either (a) shares of Kodak
common stock, or (b) if Kodak elects, which it may do only under limited
circumstances, cash. A copy of the merger agreement, which is the legal
document governing the merger, is attached to this document as Annex A. Encad
encourages you to carefully read the entire merger agreement.

What Encad Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger (see page  )

   Each share of Encad common stock will be exchanged either for shares of
Kodak common stock or, at Kodak's option as described below, for cash. If Kodak
does not elect to pay the merger consideration in cash, the number of shares of
Kodak common stock you will receive for each share of Encad common stock that
you own is determined by dividing $2.00 by the average of the closing sales
price per share of Kodak common stock as reported by the New York Stock
Exchange over 10 trading days prior to the special meeting of Encad
stockholders, ending on the second trading day before the special meeting. In
that event, the number of shares of Kodak common stock that you will receive in
the merger will fluctuate up or down, depending upon the closing prices of
Kodak common stock over this 10-day trading period. Kodak may, however, elect
to pay the merger consideration in cash in the amount of $2.00 for each share
of Encad common stock converted in the merger, if the average closing sales
price per share of Kodak common stock over the 10-day trading period is less
than $27.00.

   After the merger is completed, you will have to surrender your Encad stock
certificates to receive Kodak common stock certificates or cash payable as
merger consideration.

   PLEASE DO NOT SEND ENCAD COMMON STOCK CERTIFICATES UNTIL YOU HAVE RECEIVED
SPECIFIC WRITTEN INSTRUCTIONS AFTER THE MERGER IS COMPLETED.

The Merger Agreement (see page  )

   Conditions (see page  ). The merger will be completed only if the conditions
set forth in the merger agreement are satisfied or waived at or before the
closing. These conditions include the following:

   . the approval of the merger agreement by Encad's stockholders;

   . Encad's consolidated shareholders' equity as of the end of the month
     immediately before the closing must be at least $24 million;

   . the registration statement to which this document relates must have been
     declared effective by the SEC;

   . if the merger consideration is Kodak common stock, rather than cash, Encad
     must have received an opinion of its legal counsel stating their opinion
     that the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization;

   . the receipt of voting agreements signed by all of Encad's directors and
     executive officers, agreeing to vote their shares to adopt the merger
     agreement;

   . if the merger consideration is cash, rather than Kodak stock, Encad must
     not have received notice of dissenters' rights from holders of more than
     10% of Encad's common stock;

   . the accuracy of Kodak's and Encad's representations and warranties, and
     compliance with Kodak's and Encad's agreements and covenants in the merger
     agreement;

   . the occurrence of no events or conditions that have, or could reasonably
     be expected to have, a material adverse effect on Encad; and

   . the receipt of consents and approvals of various third parties.

   Covenants (see page  ). The merger agreement also contains a number of
covenants and agreements by Encad and Kodak, including the following:

   . Encad agreed to conduct its business in the ordinary course prior to
     completing the merger;

   . except for sales under Encad's employee stock purchase program, Encad
     agreed that it will not pay dividends, engage in a stock split or a
     similar transaction, or buy or sell any of its securities, prior to the
     completion of the merger;

   . Encad agreed that it will not, and that it will not permit its
     subsidiaries, officers, directors or representatives, to initiate,
     solicit, encourage, negotiate or take other actions which would lead to
     any proposal or offer from a third party to acquire Encad's capital stock
     or a substantial part of its business or assets, subject only to an
     exception which allows Encad's board of directors to discharge its
     fiduciary duties;

   . Encad agreed to limit its total expenses related to the merger, including
     those payable to its directors, officers, attorneys, accountants and its
     financial advisor, to $1.75 million; and

   . if Kodak issues shares of Kodak common stock as merger consideration,
     Kodak agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause those shares
     to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

   Termination (see page  ). The parties can terminate the merger agreement
under the following circumstances:

   . Kodak and Encad can mutually agree to terminate the merger agreement;

   . either party can terminate the merger agreement if the closing has not
     occurred by March 31, 2002, unless the delay is a result of a review by
     the SEC of the registration statement to which this document relates;

   . either party can generally terminate the merger agreement if any condition
     to its obligations becomes impossible to fulfill, but if Kodak elects to
     terminate the merger agreement for this reason and the underlying cause of
     a condition becoming impossible to fulfill relates solely to Encad's
     intellectual property, Kodak will generally be required to pay $2 million
     to Encad, as liquidated damages; and

   . either party can decide to terminate the merger agreement if Encad's board
     of directors fails to recommend approval of the merger agreement to
     Encad's stockholders, withdraws or changes its recommendation, and enters
     into an agreement to sell Encad's stock or assets on terms which the board
     of directors determines are superior to the terms of the merger. If the
     merger agreement is terminated because Encad's board of directors elects
     to accept a superior proposal, Encad will generally be required to pay $1
     million to Kodak, as liquidated damages.

Accounting Treatment (see page  )

   In accordance with the recently issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 141, Business Combinations, and Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Kodak will use the
purchase method of accounting for a business combination to account for the
merger, as well as the new accounting and reporting regulations for goodwill
and other intangibles. Under this method of accounting, the assets and
liabilities of Encad, including all intangible assets, will be recorded by
Kodak at their respective fair market values. All intangible assets will be
amortized over their estimated useful lives with the exception of goodwill and
any other intangibles with indefinite lives. Goodwill and other intangibles
with indefinite lives will be assessed for impairment on a periodic basis in
the future. The financial position, results of operations and cash flows of
Encad will be included in Kodak's financial statements prospectively as of the
completion of the merger.

Regulatory Requirements

   There are no material federal or state regulatory requirements which must be
complied with or approvals which must be obtained in connection with the merger.

New York Stock Exchange Listing (see page  )

   If Kodak pays the merger consideration in Kodak common stock, it intends to
use shares of common stock from its treasury that previously have been listed
for issuance on the New York Stock Exchange.

Effects of the Merger on the Rights of Encad Stockholders (see page  )

   If Kodak pays the merger consideration in stock, the rights of Encad
stockholders will be governed by New Jersey law and by Kodak's certificate of
incorporation and bylaws. Currently, the rights of Encad's stockholders are
governed by Delaware law and by Encad's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws. Following the merger, the rights of Encad stockholders, as shareholders
of Kodak, will differ in some respects from the rights you currently have.

Special Interests of Encad Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (see
page  )

   Encad's directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that
may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Encad's other
stockholders. These interests include new employment arrangements, the right to
severance payments, the right to acceleration of vesting of stock options and
the right to indemnification and insurance coverage for acts or omissions
occurring before the merger is completed. These arrangements are detailed
beginning at page  . Encad's board of directors was aware of these arrangements
when it considered the proposed merger.

                  SELECTED KODAK CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

   Kodak is providing the following information to aid your analysis of the
financial aspects of the merger. The following tables contain Kodak's
consolidated financial data for the periods presented. The financial data for
the nine-months ended September 30, 2001 and September 30, 2000 have been
derived from Kodak's unaudited financial statements, and the financial data for
each of the five years ended December 31, 2000 have been derived from Kodak's
audited financial statements. This information is only a summary. You should
read it along with Kodak's historical financial statements and related notes
and the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" contained in Kodak's annual reports,
quarterly reports and other information on file with the SEC and incorporated
by reference in this document. See "Where To Find More Information," on page  .

                                              Sept. 30,   Sept. 30,   Dec. 31,   Dec. 31,   Dec. 31,   Dec. 31,   Dec. 31,
                                                2001        2000        2000       1999       1998       1997       1996
                                              ---------   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                      Amounts are year-to-date (in millions, except per share data)

Sales from continuing operations.............  $ 9,875     $10,434    $13,994    $14,089    $13,406    $14,538    $15,968
Earnings from operations.....................      614       1,862      2,214      1,990      1,888        130      1,845
Earnings from continuing operations after tax      282(1)    1,213(2)   1,407(3)   1,392(4)   1,390(5)       5(6)   1,011(7)
Net earnings.................................      282(1)    1,213(2)   1,407(3)   1,392(4)   1,390(5)       5(6)   1,288(7)
Basic earnings per share.....................  $  0.97     $  3.93    $  4.62    $  4.38    $  4.30    $  0.01    $  3.82(8)
Diluted earnings per share...................     0.97        3.91       4.59       4.33       4.24       0.01       3.76(8)
Cash dividends declared per common share.....     1.32        1.32       1.76       1.76       1.76       1.76       1.60
Total assets.................................  $13,910     $14,318    $14,212    $14,370    $14,733    $13,145    $14,438
Short-term borrowings........................    1,701       1,878      2,206      1,163      1,518        611        541
Long-term borrowings.........................    1,792       1,066      1,166        936        504        585        559

- --------
(1) Includes $369 million of restructuring charges, which reduced net earnings
    by $274 million; $77 million of charges related to Wolf Camera, a Kodak
    customer, which reduced net earnings by $52 million; $42 million of charges
    relating to asset impairments associated with one of Kodak's photofinishing
    operations, which reduced net earnings by $26 million; $9 million of
    charges related to the exit of one of Kodak's equipment manufacturing
    facilities, which reduced net earnings by $6 million; and an $11 million
    tax benefit related to favorable tax settlements.
(2) Includes charges related to the sale and exit of a manufacturing facility
    of $41 million, which reduced net earnings by $27 million.
(3) Includes charges related to the sale and exit of a manufacturing facility
    of $50 million, which reduced net earnings by $33 million.
(4) Includes $350 million of restructuring charges, which reduced net earnings
    by $231 million, and an additional $11 million of charges related to this
    restructuring program, which reduced net earnings by $7 million; $103
    million of charges associated with business exits, which reduced net
    earnings by $68 million; a gain of $95 million on the sale of The Image
    Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak, which increased net earnings by
    $63 million; and a gain of $25 million on the sale of Kodak's Motion
    Analysis Systems division, which increased net earnings by $16 million.
(5) Includes $35 million of litigation charges, which reduced net earnings by
    $23 million; $132 million of charges related to Kodak's Office Imaging
    business, which reduced net earnings by $87 million; $45 million of charges
    primarily for a write-off of in-process research and development associated
    with Kodak's acquisition of certain assets of Imation's medical imaging
    business, which reduced net earnings by $30 million; a gain of $87 million
    on the sale of Kodak's subsidiary NanoSystems L.L.C., which increased net
    earnings by $57 million; and a gain of $66 million on the sale of part of
    Kodak's investment in Gretag Imaging Inc., which increased net earnings by
    $44 million.
(6) Includes $1,455 million of restructuring costs, asset impairments and other
    charges, which reduced net earnings by $990 million; $186 million of
    charges for a write-off of in-process research and development associated
    with Kodak's acquisition of the assets of Wang Laboratories' software
    business, which reduced net earnings by $123 million; and a $46 million
    litigation charge, which reduced net earnings by $30 million.
(7) Includes $358 million of restructuring costs, which reduced net earnings by
    $256 million, and a $387 million loss related to Kodak's sale of its Office
    Imaging business, which reduced net earnings by $252 million.
(8) Basic and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $3.00
    and $2.95, respectively.

                  SELECTED ENCAD CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

   The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with Encad's consolidated financial statements, the notes to such
statements and "Encad's Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" incorporated by reference in this
document. The consolidated results of operations and the balance sheet data for
the five years ended December 31, 2000 are derived from the audited
consolidated financial statements of Encad that are incorporated into this
document by reference. The following selected financial data as of and for the
nine months ended September 30, 2001 and 2000 have been derived from Encad's
unaudited consolidated financial statements which are incorporated by reference
in this document, and which, in the opinion of management, reflect all
adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial position and results of operations as of and for
the nine months ended September 30, 2001 and 2000. See "Where to Find More
Information," on page   .

                                                    Sept. 30, Sept. 30, Dec. 31,  Dec. 31,  Dec. 31,  Dec. 31,  Dec. 31,
                                                      2001      2000      2000      1999      1998      1997      1996
                                                    --------- --------- --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
                                                       Amounts are year-to-date (in thousands, except per share data)

Results of Operations
Net sales..........................................  $66,394  $ 67,775  $ 93,558  $117,712  $110,055  $149,041  $107,437
Cost of sales......................................   44,097    41,157    56,853    66,171    80,646    78,259    56,021
Gross profit.......................................   22,297    26,618    36,705    51,541    29,409    70,782    51,416
Marketing and selling..............................   17,081    19,419    25,141    23,983    25,745    25,023    16,552
Research and development...........................    7,611     8,640    11,022    12,078    10,894    10,544     8,794
General and administrative.........................    5,278    11,110    13,015    11,296    13,504     8,722     6,498
Restructuring charges..............................       --        --        --        --     2,934        --        --
Operating cost and expenses........................   29,970    39,169    49,178    47,357    53,077    44,289    31,844
(Loss) income from operations......................   (7,673)  (12,551)  (12,473)    4,184   (23,668)   26,493    19,572
Interest expense...................................     (516)     (450)     (627)     (228)     (436)     (140)       (5)
Interest income....................................      370       574       853        25        24       175       188
Other income.......................................       --        --        --        --       999        --        --
(Loss) income before income tax provision (benefit)   (7,819)  (12,427)  (12,247)    3,981   (23,081)   26,528    19,755
Income tax provision (benefit).....................       71     1,062     1,536       917    (4,775)    9,099     6,902
Net (loss) income..................................   (7,890)  (13,489)  (13,783)    3,064   (18,306)   17,429    12,853
(Loss) earnings per share--basic...................  $ (0.66) $  (1.14) $  (1.17) $   0.26  $  (1.58) $   1.53  $   1.15
(Loss) earnings per share--diluted.................  $ (0.66) $  (1.14) $  (1.17) $   0.26  $  (1.58) $   1.45  $   1.08
Cash dividends.....................................       --        --        --        --        --        --        --
Balance Sheet Data
Cash and cash equivalents..........................  $ 9,273  $ 18,505  $ 17,123  $  3,953  $    586  $  1,265  $  6,949
Working capital....................................   27,232    33,756    33,377    35,822    31,320    47,818    30,326
Total assets.......................................   55,213    66,611    66,728    68,479    72,143    90,295    57,467
Long-term obligations..............................   10,466    11,258    11,094        --        --        --        --
Stockholders' equity...............................   29,995    38,026    37,763    51,244    47,543    64,722    43,042
Common Shares Outstanding*
Weighted average shares--basic.....................   11,937    11,813    11,827    11,707    11,572    11,390    11,217
Weighted average shares--diluted...................   11,937    11,813    11,827    11,883    11,572    12,044    11,871
Number of shares outstanding at period end.........   12,001    11,868    11,893    11,780    11,636    11,501    11,300

- --------
* Common shares outstanding are adjusted for the two-for-one stock split in the
  form of a 100% stock dividend that occurred on May 31, 1996.

                       COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION

   The following table summarizes on a per share basis certain (1) historical
financial information and (2) unaudited pro forma and equivalent pro forma
financial information.

   The unaudited pro forma financial information illustrates the estimated
effects of the merger as if the merger had occurred at January 1, 2000 for the
statement of income information and at December 31, 2000 for the balance sheet
information. The unaudited pro forma financial information has been prepared
based on the purchase method of accounting and does not include the impact of
non-recurring charges directly attributable to the merger. The basic unaudited
pro forma per share information for Kodak is based on the weighted average
number of outstanding shares of Kodak common stock adjusted to include the
estimated number of shares of Kodak common stock that would be issued in the
merger in exchange for the outstanding Encad common stock, based on the number
of shares of Encad common stock outstanding for the period reported. The
diluted unaudited pro forma per share information for Kodak is based on the
weighted average number of outstanding shares of Kodak common stock adjusted to
include (1) the dilutive effect of Kodak employee stock options and (2) the
estimated number of shares of Kodak common stock that would be issued in the
merger.

   The unaudited pro forma per share information for Encad is based on the
unaudited pro forma amounts per share for Kodak multiplied by an exchange ratio
of 0.07 representing $2.00 divided by an assumed market value of Kodak's common
stock of $27.95. The information set forth below is qualified in its entirety
by reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, the historical
consolidated financial information of Kodak and Encad incorporated by reference
in this document. Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Information is not
included because the acquisition is not "significant" to Kodak under the SEC's
accounting rules.

                                                    Nine Months Ended     Year Ended
                                                    September 30, 2001 December 31, 2000
                                                    ------------------ -----------------

Kodak
Income per share from continuing operations:
Basic:
   Historical......................................       $ 0.97            $ 4.62
   Pro forma.......................................       $ 0.94            $ 4.56
Diluted:
   Historical......................................       $ 0.97            $ 4.59
   Pro forma.......................................       $ 0.94            $ 4.53
Book value per share:
   Historical......................................       $11.39            $11.80
   Pro forma.......................................       $11.46            $11.90
Cash dividends declared per share:
   Historical......................................       $ 1.32            $ 1.76
   Pro forma.......................................       $ 1.32            $ 1.76
Encad
Income (loss) per share from continuing operations:
Basic:
   Historical......................................       $(0.66)           $(1.17)
   Pro forma.......................................         0.07              0.33
Diluted:
   Historical......................................       $(0.66)           $(1.17)
   Pro forma.......................................         0.07              0.32
Book value per share:
   Historical......................................       $ 2.51            $ 3.19
   Pro forma.......................................         0.82              0.85
Cash dividends declared per share:
   Historical......................................           --                --
   Pro forma.......................................       $ 0.09            $ 0.13

                     MARKET PRICES AS OF ANNOUNCEMENT DATE

   The following table shows the closing price per share of Kodak's common
stock reported on the New York Stock Exchange on November 14, 2001, which was
the last trading day before the merger was publicly announced on November 15,
2001. The table also shows the closing price of Encad's common stock reported
on the Nasdaq National Market on November 14, 2001. The "Encad Equivalent Per
Share Price as of November 14, 2001" set forth below equals the agreed upon
merger consideration value of $2.00 per share. For a complete description of
the amount payable in the merger, see "The Merger," on page   .

         KODAK                   ENCAD                 ENCAD
PER SHARE CLOSING PRICE PER SHARE CLOSING PRICE EQUIVALENT PER SHARE
         AS OF                   AS OF              PRICE AS OF
   NOVEMBER 14, 2001       NOVEMBER 14, 2001     NOVEMBER 14, 2001
   -----------------    ----------------------- --------------------

        $27.28                   $1.85                 $2.00

   On December  , 2001, the most recent practicable date before the printing of
this document, the closing price of Kodak's common stock on the New York Stock
Exchange was $   per share and the closing price of Encad's common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market was $   per share.

                      RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE MERGER

   By choosing to vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement at the
special meeting, you are electing to invest in Kodak's common stock, unless
Kodak elects to pay the merger consideration in cash. In deciding whether to
vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement, you are urged to consider
carefully the following important risk factors, as well as those other risk
factors that are discussed in various documents Kodak has filed with the SEC
and that are incorporated by reference into this document.

   The number of shares of Kodak common stock you will receive in the merger
will not be adjusted if Encad's stock price changes.

   If Kodak pays the merger consideration in Kodak common stock, then
regardless of the market price of Encad's common stock at the effective time of
the merger, each share of Encad common stock will be exchanged for a number of
shares of Kodak common stock determined by dividing $2.00 by the market value
of Kodak's common stock. Market value is calculated based upon the average
closing price of Kodak's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange over 10
trading days ending on and including the second trading day before the special
meeting. The market value of Encad's common stock may change both before and
after the merger is announced, and it is impossible to predict what the market
value of Encad's common stock will be at a given time. Because the number of
shares of Kodak common stock you will receive in the merger will not change
based upon fluctuations in the price of Encad's common stock, you will not
benefit from an increase in the value of Encad's common stock prior to
completion of the merger.

   The number of shares of Kodak common stock issued to you in connection with
the merger will fluctuate based upon the value of Kodak's common stock prior to
the completion of the merger.

   In the merger, each share of your Encad common stock will be converted into
shares of Kodak common stock, unless Kodak elects to pay the merger
consideration in cash, which it may do only under limited circumstances. The
exact number of shares of Kodak common stock into which your shares of Encad
common stock will be converted is determined by the average value of Kodak's
common stock over a 10-day trading period prior to the special meeting. The
average value of Kodak's common stock over the 10-day trading period may be
higher or lower than the price as of today's date or as of the date of the
special meeting. Kodak will not have the option of paying the merger
consideration in cash unless the average price of Kodak's common stock over the
10-day trading period is less than $27.00. Even if the average price is less
than $27.00 per share, Kodak may choose to pay the merger consideration in
stock. The price of Kodak's common stock could change for a variety of reasons,
including changes in the business, operations or prospects of Kodak and its
subsidiaries; the assessment of, and reaction to, the merger by the market
generally; regulatory considerations; general economic conditions; and other
factors. There is no guarantee that the Kodak common stock that will be issued
to you in exchange for your Encad common stock will equal or exceed the market
value of your Encad common stock as of the date on which the merger was
announced, the date of the special meeting, the date of the closing or at any
other particular time. You are urged to obtain current stock price quotations
for both the Kodak common stock and the Encad common stock.

   The merger may not qualify as a tax-free reorganization, and the merger
consideration may be taxable to you.

   If Kodak pays the merger consideration in cash, the merger will not qualify
as a tax-free reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code, and the cash you
receive would result in gain or loss to you to the extent amounts you received
differ from your tax basis in your Encad common stock. Any gain will be income
reportable for United States federal income tax purposes. It is impossible, as
of the date of this document, to predict whether the average closing price of
Kodak's common stock over the 10-day trading period will be above or below
$27.00 per share, or whether Kodak will elect to pay the merger consideration
in cash if it is below $27.00. If Kodak pays the merger consideration in Kodak
stock, the IRS could challenge the qualification of the merger as a tax-free
reorganization. If this challenge were successful, you would recognize gain or
loss to the extent amounts you received differ from your tax basis in Encad's
common stock.

   Kodak could experience difficulty integrating Encad's business and achieving
the benefits anticipated in the merger.

   There are a number of risks and challenges involved with integrating Encad's
business and operations with Kodak's wide format inkjet printer business, each
of which could be difficult to overcome. These risks and challenges include:

   . retaining key Encad and Kodak employees;

   . retaining Encad's customer base; and

   . integrating Encad's and Kodak's respective operations, procedures and
     systems, including computer, inventory and financial systems.

   Because of these and other challenges, it is possible that the merger may
not achieve the desired benefits and synergies anticipated by the parties.

   Some of Encad's officers and directors have interests in the merger that may
differ from your interests in the merger. These different interests could
influence Encad's officers and directors to support the merger even though the
merger may not be in your best interests.

   When you consider the recommendation of Encad's board of directors to
approve the merger, you should remember that some officers and directors of
Encad participate in arrangements that provide them with interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to, your interests in the
merger. These interests could give rise to conflicts of interest, and they
include new employment arrangements, the right to severance payments, the right
to acceleration of vesting of stock options and the right to indemnification
and insurance coverage for acts or omissions occurring before the merger is
completed. These interests could make it more likely that Encad's directors and
executive officers will support the merger. You should consider carefully
whether these interests might have influenced Encad's directors and officers to
support and recommend the merger and decide for yourself whether the merger is
in your best interests.

   Kodak's and Encad's respective stock prices, businesses and operations could
suffer if the merger is not completed.

   If the merger is not completed, Kodak and Encad could each be harmed in the
following ways:

   . each company's stock price could decline if the prices prior to an
     announcement that the merger is terminated reflect an assumption that the
     merger will, in fact, be completed;

   . each party will incur costs associated with the merger, including legal
     fees, accounting fees and financial printing fees and, with respect to
     Encad, financial advisory fees. Some of these fees must be paid regardless
     of whether the merger is completed;

   . either party can decide to terminate the merger agreement if Encad's board
     of directors withdraws or changes its recommendation that Encad's
     stockholders adopt the merger agreement, and enters into an agreement to
     sell Encad's stock or assets on terms which the board of directors
     determines are superior to the terms of the merger. If the merger
     agreement is terminated because Encad's board of directors elects to
     accept a superior proposal, Encad will generally be required to pay $1
     million to Kodak, as liquidated damages; and

   . each company could find it difficult to recover from lost market position
     and lost opportunities, as well as any disruption to employees and
     relationships with customers and suppliers, because of the diversion of
     management attention while negotiating the merger.

   The merger could adversely affect Encad's and Kodak's ability to attract and
retain key employees.

   Current and potential employees of Kodak and Encad may be unsure about their
role following the merger. Other current or potential Kodak and Encad employees
could decide that they do not wish to work for Kodak following completion of
the merger. The combination of these two factors could impair Kodak's and
Encad's ability to attract and retain key employees.

   Encad has agreed not to enter into transactions similar to the merger and,
if the merger is not completed, similar transactions may be unavailable to
Encad on acceptable terms.

   In the merger agreement, subject to several narrow exceptions, Encad has
agreed that it will not pursue transactions similar to the merger, including
other mergers, sales of assets, sales of capital stock or other business
combinations, with any third party. If Encad relies upon one of the narrow
exceptions to this obligation and pursues a superior proposal, it must pay
Kodak a termination fee of $1 million. If the merger is terminated, and if
Encad's board of directors seeks to engage in a similar transaction with a
different party, that party may not complete the alternative transaction.

   The price of Kodak's common stock is affected by factors different from the
factors that affect the price of your Encad common stock.

   Upon completion of the merger, you will become a holder of Kodak common
stock, unless Kodak has elected to pay you the merger consideration in cash.
Kodak's business is much broader than Encad's business. As a result, Kodak's
results of operations and the price of its common stock may be affected by
factors that did not affect Encad's operations and the trading price of its
common stock.

                 BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER AND RELATED MATTERS

Background and Reasons for the Merger

  Background of the Merger

   Encad's board of directors and senior management team have been focused, as
part of their ongoing management, on the long term prospects of, and strategic
alternatives for, Encad's business. Encad competes in the wide format printing
business with large well-capitalized domestic and foreign competitors. During
the fall of 1999 and the first half of 2000, as part of this ongoing review,
Encad's board of directors explored the possible sale of Encad to a large
foreign company. No transaction resulted from that exploration.

   Throughout 2001, Terry E. Vandewarker, Encad's chief executive officer, had
several informal discussions with other wide format printing companies. In the
spring of 2001, in an attempt to improve its competitive position, Encad
considered the acquisition of one of its competitors. No transaction resulted
from that effort as it became evident that the seller would only accept cash
consideration. Encad believed that raising the funds to complete this
acquisition would have been extremely difficult, if not impossible.

   Kodak has been an original equipment manufacturer customer of Encad since
1997. During the 12-month period ended September 30, 2001, Encad's sales to
Kodak were approximately $6.7 million, or 7.3% of Encad's total sales for the
period. Early in 2001, Encad began discussions of an expanded distribution and
joint product development arrangement with Kodak. During the course of those
discussions, representatives of Kodak indicated to Encad that they believed an
acquisition of Encad would result in greater benefits to their business than
the proposed distribution and joint product development arrangement. Following
that proposal, Encad's board of directors met and authorized Encad's management
team to pursue negotiations with Kodak.

   During the summer of 2001, Encad held multiple discussions with Kodak and
representatives of Kodak visited Encad in San Diego. Representatives of Kodak
reviewed Encad's business, financial and legal affairs. These discussions
resulted in Kodak offering to acquire Encad in an all-stock transaction valuing
each share of Encad common stock at $2.35 per share. Encad's board of directors
met and authorized management to continue negotiations with respect to the
transaction proposed by Kodak. Kodak's counsel delivered to Encad a draft of
the merger agreement and Encad began to negotiate the terms of the proposed
acquisition.

   During the fall of 2001, Kodak began marketing its newest wide format
printer. This product competes directly with Encad's products in Encad's
markets and has adversely affected Encad's sales.

   After the September 11, 2001 attacks, the market price of Kodak's stock fell
significantly, both in terms of share price and relative to the decline in
Encad's per share price. Following the price declines and Encad's revised
internal projections reflecting lower revenues and income due to uncertainties,
general economic conditions and other factors, Kodak informed Encad that it was
revising its offer to a fixed exchange ratio that equated to $1.65 per share of
Encad's common stock. Kodak arrived at this price based upon an implied
exchange ratio that existed prior to the September 11, 2001 attacks. Encad's
board of directors met to discuss the revised proposal, and they concluded that
the $1.65 per share price was inadequate.

   In October 2001, Encad was contacted regarding its potential acquisition by
the same foreign company that had elected not to pursue a transaction with
Encad in 2000. Representatives of Encad met with the foreign company's
representatives, who, after further study, informed Encad that they did not
believe they could consummate a transaction with Encad in a timely manner.
During September and October of 2001, Mr. Vandewarker was in contact with two
other potential strategic partners for Encad, but one party did not indicate a
willingness to make an offer and the other party's stock was declining and the
valuation expressed in its indication of interest was less than that offered by
Kodak.

   Encad representatives continued to negotiate with Kodak and ultimately an
all-stock transaction valuing Encad's common stock at $2.00 per share was
offered by Kodak. Encad's board of directors met and authorized the Encad
management team to continue negotiations with Kodak. On October 12, 2001, Encad
entered into a two and one-half week exclusivity agreement with Kodak.

   During the continued negotiations with respect to the merger agreement,
Kodak's stock price continued to decline and representatives of Kodak indicated
that Kodak was concerned about the valuations in the proposed transaction.
Various alternatives and proposals, including an all cash proposal at $2.00 per
share, were discussed throughout October. Encad's board of directors instructed
management to continue to negotiate a stock deal, without a minimum price on
Kodak's stock.

   Representatives of Kodak reiterated their $2.00 per share offer to be paid
in Kodak stock, but added that if the Kodak stock price fell below $24.00 there
would be no adjustment in the consideration. Encad's board of directors met to
consider the revised terms and determined that the possibility of receiving
less than $2.00 per share in value was unacceptable. Mr. Vandewarker
communicated that conclusion to representatives of Kodak.

   During this period, Encad continued discussions of a joint product
development arrangement with a foreign company for a next generation printer.
Encad received a proposal from that company for a relationship, but Encad
concluded that pursuing that next generation printer alternative would continue
to expose Encad to significant stand-alone company risks.

   After much discussion and negotiation, on November 5, 2001, representatives
of Kodak contacted Mr. Vandewarker and indicated that Kodak was prepared to
offer $2.00 per share paid in Kodak stock, but if the Kodak stock price was
below $27.00 at the closing of the merger, Kodak would have the right to pay
the merger consideration either in cash or in stock. On November 6, 2001,
Encad's management team, legal counsel and financial advisor updated Encad's
board of directors regarding the proposed transaction and Encad's board of
directors authorized continued negotiations with Kodak.

   The terms of the proposed acquisition were finalized during the following
week.

   At a meeting of Encad's board of directors on November 13, 2001, Encad's
management team, legal counsel and financial advisor made extensive
presentations concerning Encad's business, industry conditions, Encad's
prospects, the terms of the proposed merger, Kodak's business and the valuation
of Encad common stock in the proposed merger.

   On November 14, 2001, Encad's board of directors met twice. At the first
meeting, Encad's board of directors received the opinion of Banc of America
Securities as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the proposed
merger consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Encad common
stock. The opinion is subject to assumptions and limitations that must be read
carefully in order to understand the opinion fully. See "Opinion of Banc of
America Securities LLC" for a description of those assumptions and limitations.
Encad's board of directors also received an update from its management team and
legal counsel as to the final terms of the proposed merger. Members of Encad's
board of directors asked questions of Encad's management team, financial
advisor and legal counsel. After deliberation, Encad's board of directors
indicated that they believed that they had sufficient information to make a
decision with respect to the proposed transaction. At the second meeting of
Encad's board of directors on November 14, 2001, after the financial markets
had closed, Encad's board of directors unanimously voted to approve the merger
agreement and recommend that stockholders vote in favor of adoption of the
merger agreement.

   During the evening of November 14, 2001, Eastern Standard Time, Kodak and
Encad executed and delivered the merger agreement.

   Before the New York Stock Exchange opened for trading and before Encad's
stock began trading on the Nasdaq National Market on November 15, 2001, Kodak
and Encad issued a press release announcing the proposed acquisition.

  Encad's Reasons for the Merger

   At multiple meetings in September, October and November of 2001, Encad's
board of directors received, at various times, presentations from members of
Encad's management team, Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Encad's legal
counsel, and Banc of America Securities LLC, Encad's financial advisor,
discussing the potential benefits of the transaction, some of the risks
associated with the proposed merger and Encad's alternatives if Encad continued
to remain an independent company. The following are the material reasons that
caused Encad's board of directors to approve the merger agreement and recommend
that you vote for the adoption of the merger agreement.

   The Competitive Landscape in the Wide Format Printer Business. Encad's board
of directors noted the following facts and effects associated with the current
competitive environment:

      Prospects for Printer Sales Growth. Encad's ability to deliver
   year-over-year sales growth in new printers is at substantial risk without:

       . the introduction of new products;

       . a substantial increase in functionality and improvement of features of
         Encad's product offerings; and
       . the ability to lower selling prices and margins in order to match the
         marketing power of Encad's large consumer product company competitors.

      Prospects for Sales Growth in Supplies. While Encad's ink business has
   shown annual growth in the last three years, its gross profits from sales of
   supplies have fluctuated negatively when Encad experienced ink or ink
   cartridge warranty issues. Unless Encad is able to introduce new printers to
   the market that gain significant customer acceptance, Encad's installed base
   of customers that purchase supplies from Encad will likely decrease, causing
   Encad's supplies revenue to decrease.

      Competition. Encad's market share has been eroded over the past three
   years due to increased competition from consumer product companies like
   Hewlett-Packard Company and Epson. These companies have sales, marketing and
   service infrastructures and financial resources significantly larger than
   Encad's.

      Technologies. In order to regain market share, Encad would have to make a
   significant investment in new technologies. Encad does not currently have
   the financial resources and likely does not have the capital raising
   ability, as a stand-alone company, to finance the design and development of
   future generations of wide format printers in the aggressive time frames for
   the multiple markets that Encad needs to address.

   Financial Position and Prospects. Encad's board of directors reviewed
Encad's current and expected near term financial condition and results of
operations. Encad's cash position declined significantly during 2001 and the
only debt financing likely available to Encad may be from asset-based lenders
rather than traditional bank lines of credit. Although the $2.00 per share
value specified in the merger agreement is lower than Encad's September 30,
2001 book value, an analysis prepared by Encad's management team showed an
estimated liquidation value for Encad below $2.00 per share.

   Discussions with Other Potential Acquirors. Encad's management team was in
contact with a number of potential strategic partners of Encad before entering
into the two and one-half week exclusivity arrangement with Kodak, and none of
those parties proposed a competitive alternative transaction.

   Post Agreement Market Check. The merger agreement allows Encad's board of
directors to consider, negotiate and recommend an alternate transaction that
provides superior value to Encad's stockholders, if Encad's board of directors
concludes it must do so to fulfill its fiduciary obligations to Encad's
stockholders. Encad may terminate the merger agreement if Encad receives a
superior proposal by paying a $1 million break-up fee to Kodak. This fee
represents approximately $0.08 per outstanding share of Encad's common stock.

   Terms of the Merger Agreement. Encad's board of directors also considered
the other terms of the merger agreement, specifically the conditions to the
closing of the transaction. Encad's board of directors was aware of the risk
that the transaction would not close and Encad would have to continue as an
independent company in a very competitive environment.

   Banc of America Securities' Opinion. Encad's board of directors received a
presentation from representatives of Banc of America Securities on November 13,
2001. Encad's board of directors considered that presentation, as well as Banc
of America Securities' opinion that, as of November 14, 2001, and subject to
and based on the assumptions and considerations referred to in the opinion, the
consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger agreement for shares of Encad's
common stock was fair to the holders of Encad's common stock from a financial
point of view. Please read Annex B carefully in its entirety and see "--Opinion
of Banc of America Securities LLC."

   This list is not exhaustive but includes the material factors considered by
Encad's board of directors. Individual members of Encad's board of directors
may have considered other factors not included in this list.

   In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, Encad's board of directors did not quantify or assign
relative weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its
recommendation. Instead, Encad's board of directors made its recommendation
based on the totality of the information presented to and considered by it.

   Encad's board of directors also took into consideration potential risks
associated with the merger and an investment in shares of Kodak's common stock,
and concluded that the potential benefits of the merger outweighed these
factors. These factors include the risk that circumstances may arise that
provide Kodak the right not to consummate the merger and that an investment in
Kodak stock is likely to be affected by its film business more than its wide
format printer business. There can be no assurance that the shares of Kodak
stock you receive in the merger will not depreciate in value. See "Risk Factors
Relating to the Merger," page   .

Recommendation of Encad's Board of Directors

   After careful consideration, the Encad board of directors, on November 14,
2001, unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the
merger were fair to, and in the best interest of, Encad and its stockholders
and approved the merger agreement and the merger. In reaching its decision, the
Encad board of directors consulted with Encad's management team and advisors
and independently considered the proposed merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. The Encad board of directors unanimously
recommends that you vote for the adoption of the merger agreement.

   In considering the recommendation of the Encad board of directors with
respect to the merger agreement, you should be aware that the Encad directors
and executive officers may have interests in the merger that are different
from, or are in addition to, the interests of Encad's other stockholders.
Please see "Interests of Encad's Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger."

Opinion of Banc of America Securities LLC

   On November 30, 1999, Encad retained Banc of America Securities to act as
its financial advisor in connection with a proposed sale of the company. Banc
of America Securities is a nationally recognized investment banking firm. Banc
of America Securities is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities,
private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. Encad
selected Banc of America Securities to act as its financial advisor on the
basis of Banc of America Securities' experience and expertise in transactions
similar to the merger, its general reputation in the computer hardware industry
and investment community and its historical investment banking relationship
with Encad.

   Banc of America Securities delivered its written opinion to the Encad board
of directors that the consideration to be received by the stockholders of Encad
in the merger was fair to the stockholders from a financial point of view as of
November 14, 2001. The amount of the consideration was determined by
negotiations between Encad and Kodak and was not based on recommendations from
Banc of America Securities. The Encad board of directors did not limit the
investigations made or procedures followed by Banc of America Securities in
rendering its opinion. Banc of America Securities did not advise Encad with
respect to alternatives to the merger or Encad's underlying decision to proceed
with or effect the merger.

   The full text of Banc of America Securities' written opinion to the Encad
board of directors is attached as Annex B, which is incorporated in its
entirety. You should read this opinion carefully and in its entirety in
connection with this document. However, the following summary of Banc of
America Securities' opinion is also included for your convenience, but it is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

   Banc of America Securities' opinion is directed to the Encad board of
directors. It does not constitute a recommendation to you on how to vote with
respect to the adoption of the merger agreement. The opinion addresses only the
financial fairness of the consideration to be received by stockholders of Encad
in the merger. The opinion does not address the relative merits of the merger
or any alternatives to the merger, the underlying decision of the Encad board
of directors to proceed with or effect the merger or any other aspect of the
merger.

   In furnishing its opinion, Banc of America Securities did not admit that it
is an expert within the meaning of the term "expert" as used in the Securities
Act, nor did it admit that its opinion constitutes a report or valuation within
the meaning of the Securities Act. Statements to that effect are included in
the Banc of America Securities opinion.

   Banc of America Securities:

   . reviewed publicly available financial statements and other business and
     financial information of Encad and Kodak;

   . reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
     operating data concerning Encad;

   . analyzed certain financial forecasts prepared by the management of Encad;

   . discussed the past and current operations, financial condition and
     prospects of Encad with senior executives of Encad;

   . reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Encad's common stock
     and the trading activity for Kodak's common stock;

   . compared the financial performance of Encad and the prices and trading
     activity of Encad's common stock with that of certain other publicly
     traded companies deemed relevant;

   . compared the financial terms of the merger to financial terms, to the
     extent publicly available, of other business combination transactions
     deemed relevant; and

   . performed other analyses and considered other factors deemed appropriate.

   Banc of America Securities also reviewed the November 12, 2001 draft of the
merger agreement and related documents, in the preparation of its opinion.
While Encad and Kodak had the opportunity to agree to add, delete or alter
material terms of the merger agreement before its execution, the final merger
agreement was substantially similar to the November 12, 2001 draft of the
merger agreement.

   Banc of America Securities did not assume any responsibility to
independently verify the information listed above. Instead, with the consent of
the Encad board of directors, Banc of America Securities relied on the
information as being accurate and complete in all material respects. Banc of
America Securities also made the following assumptions with the consent of the
Encad board of directors:

   . with respect to the financial forecasts for Encad provided to Banc of
     America Securities by Encad's management, on the advice of Encad's
     management, that (1) the forecasts were reasonably prepared reflecting the
     best available estimates and judgments of the management of Encad at the
     time of preparation as to the future financial performance of Encad and
     (2) the forecasts provide a reasonable basis on which Banc of America
     Securities could form its opinion;

   . that there were no material changes in the assets, financial condition,
     results of operations, business or prospects of Encad since the date of
     the last financial statements made available to Banc of America Securities;

   . that the merger will be consummated in a manner that complies in all
     respects with the applicable provisions of federal and state statutes,
     rules and regulations;

   . that the merger will be recorded as a purchase transaction under generally
     accepted accounting principles; and

   . that the merger will be consummated materially in accordance with the
     terms described in the November 12, 2001 draft of the merger agreement,
     without further amendment to the agreement, and without waiver by Encad of
     any of the conditions to its obligations that are contained in the
     agreement.

   Encad does not publicly disclose internal management forecasts of the type
provided to Banc of America Securities by the management of Encad in connection
with Banc of America Securities' review of the merger. The forecasts were not
prepared with a view toward public disclosure. In addition, the forecasts were
based on numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently uncertain,
including factors related to general economic and competitive conditions.
Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from the results set forth
in the forecasts. Banc of America Securities has assumed no liability for the
forecasts.

   With the consent of Encad's board of directors, because of the "fixed value"
nature of the merger consideration and the relationship of the number of shares
of Kodak common stock anticipated to be issued in the merger to the total
market capitalization and historical average daily trading volume of Kodak
common stock, Banc of America Securities did not conduct specific due diligence
on Kodak, or perform accretion/dilution, contribution, or exchange ratio
analyses for the merger. In addition, although Banc of America Securities noted
that Encad's reported book value at September 30, 2001 was $2.51 per share,
Banc of America Securities did not conduct any independent valuation, analysis
or appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Encad, either on a "going concern"
or liquidation basis, nor was it furnished with any valuation, analysis or
appraisal of any type.

   For purposes of its opinion, Banc of America Securities relied on advice of
counsel and Encad's audited financial statements as to all legal and financial
reporting matters with respect to Encad, the merger and the November 12, 2001
draft of the merger agreement. In addition, Banc of America Securities' opinion
was based on economic, monetary and market and other conditions in effect on,
and the information made available to it as

of, November 14, 2001. Accordingly, although subsequent developments may affect
its opinion, Banc of America Securities did not assume any obligation to
update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.

   The following represents a brief summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Banc of America Securities in connection with providing its
opinion to the Encad board of directors. Some of the summaries of financial
analyses performed by Banc of America Securities include information presented
in tabular format. In order to understand fully the financial analyses
performed by Banc of America Securities, you should read the tables together
with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. Considering the data set forth in the
tables without considering the full narrative description of the financial
analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses
performed by Banc of America Securities.

  Valuation Analyses Regarding Encad

   Comparable Company Analysis. Based on public and other available
information, including analyst projections, Banc of America Securities
calculated the multiples of enterprise value to (a) projected earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, for calendar year
2002, (b) actual revenues for the latest 12 months ended September 30, 2001,
(c) projected revenues for calendar year 2001 and (d) projected revenues for
calendar year 2002, for four companies each with market capitalizations of
under $50 million in the digital printing industry that Banc of America
Securities deemed to be comparable to Encad. The latter three analyses were
deemed relevant because Encad did not have positive EBITDA for the latest 12
months and did not project to have positive EBITDA for calendar year 2001. No
projected financial information was available for the fourth company, and
consequently, only the last 12 months and calendar year 2001 revenue analysis
was performed for that company; Banc of America Securities estimated calendar
year 2001 revenues for that company based on nine months of actual data through
September 30, 2001.

   Banc of America Securities defined enterprise value as equity value, defined
as the product of the number of shares of common stock outstanding, on a fully
diluted basis, multiplied by the company's stock price; plus outstanding debt;
less cash and cash equivalents.

   The following table sets forth multiples indicated by this analysis for
these companies:

                                        Range of
Enterprise Value to:                    Multiples    Median Average
- --------------------                  -------------- ------ -------

Projected calendar year 2002 EBITDA..  3.3x to 7.3x   5.3x    5.3x
Latest 12 months revenues............ 0.21x to 0.53x 0.39x   0.38x
Projected calendar year 2001 revenues 0.25x to 0.58x 0.40x   0.40x
Projected calendar year 2002 revenues 0.21x to 0.48x 0.41x   0.37x

   The comparable company analysis compared Encad to the four companies in the
digital printing industry on the basis that the companies selected were the
most relevant. Consequently, Banc of America Securities did not include every
company that could be deemed to be a participant in the same industry.

   Banc of America Securities noted that the implied value range for Encad
resulting from the analysis summarized in the table above was $0.79 to $4.03
per share.

   Comparable Transactions Analysis. Based on public and other available
information, Banc of America Securities calculated the range of multiples of
enterprise value to latest 12 months revenues implied by seven

acquisitions of companies in the digital printing industry that have been
announced since March 19, 1999, in which the acquired company had an equity
value of $50 million or less at the time of announcement.

   The following table sets forth the multiples indicated by this analysis for
these seven acquisitions:

                            Range of
Enterprise Value to:        Multiples    Median Average
- --------------------      -------------- ------ -------

Latest 12 months revenues 0.24x to 0.71x 0.46x   0.45x

   The comparable transactions analysis compared the merger to the seven
acquisitions of companies in the digital printing industry on the basis that
the transactions selected were the most relevant given the factors considered
above. Consequently, Banc of America Securities did not include every
transaction that could be deemed to have occurred in the relevant industry.

   Banc of America Securities used the latest 12 months revenue ranges to
derive an implied equity value range of $1.66 to $5.21 per share for Encad.

   No company or transaction used in the comparable company or comparable
transaction analyses is identical to Encad or the merger. Accordingly, an
analysis of the foregoing results is not mathematical. Rather, it involves
complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and
operating characteristics of the companies and other factors that could affect
the public trading value of the companies to which Encad and the merger are
being compared.

   Premiums Paid Analysis. Banc of America Securities reviewed the
consideration paid or offered in 46 merger and acquisition transactions
announced since January 1, 2001, involving selected U.S. technology companies,
excluding Internet companies, in which the aggregate consideration paid was
less than $250 million. Banc of America Securities calculated the premiums
offered relative to the stock prices of the acquired companies one week and
four weeks before the announcement of the acquisition offer.

   This analysis indicated the following median and average premiums:

         Premium One Week   Premium Four Weeks
        Before Announcement Before Announcement
        ------------------- -------------------

Median.        46.7%               51.2%
Average        56.6%               57.3%

   Based on the median premiums of 46.7% and 51.2%, Banc of America Securities
extrapolated ranges of 40.0% to 50.0% and 45.0% to 55.0%, as the relevant
multiple ranges. Banc of America Securities then calculated an implied value
range for Encad of $1.90 to $2.04 per share based on the closing price of
Encad's common stock one week prior to the announcement of the acquisition
offer, and $1.75 to $1.88 per share based on the closing price of Encad's stock
four weeks prior to the announcement of the merger.

   Banc of America Securities noted that the per share value of the merger
consideration to be received by Encad stockholders implied a premium of 17.6%
over Encad's closing stock price on November 12, 2001. The premium implied by
the merger over Encad's closing stock price one week before November 12th was
47.1% and four weeks before that date was 65.2%.

   Historical Stock Price Analysis. Banc of America Securities reviewed the
performance of the per share market price and trading volume of Encad common
stock for the period November 10, 2000, through November 12, 2001. The analysis
indicated that the closing market price per share for Encad common stock during
this period ranged from $1.05 to $2.75.

   Banc of America Securities also reviewed the average daily closing price for
Encad common stock over a number of periods:

                                  Average Daily Closing
                                   Price per Share for
Period Prior to November 12, 2001  Encad Common Stock
- --------------------------------- ---------------------

        Last month...............         $1.29
        Last three months........         $1.27
        Last six months..........         $1.55
        Last one year............         $1.72

   Banc of America Securities noted that the value of the consideration payable
to Encad stockholders based on the terms of the merger was $2.00 per share,
which compared favorably to the average daily closing price of Encad common
stock for each period reviewed.

   As noted above, the discussion above is merely a summary of the analyses and
examinations that Banc of America Securities considered to be material to its
opinion. It is not a comprehensive description of all analyses and examinations
actually conducted by Banc of America Securities. The preparation of a fairness
opinion is not susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Banc of
America Securities believes that its analyses and the summary above must be
considered as a whole. Banc of America Securities further believes that
selecting portions of its analyses and the factors considered, without
considering all analyses and factors, would create an incomplete view of the
process underlying the analyses set forth in its presentation to the Encad
board of directors. Banc of America Securities did not assign any specific
weight to any of the analyses described above. The fact that any specific
analysis has been referred to in the summary above is not meant to indicate
that that analysis was given greater weight than any other analysis.
Accordingly, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis
described above should not be taken to be Banc of America Securities' view of
the actual value of Encad or Encad's common stock.

   In performing its analyses, Banc of America Securities made numerous
assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business and economic
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Encad.
The analyses performed by Banc of America Securities are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or actual future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by these analyses.
These analyses were prepared solely as part of Banc of America Securities'
analysis of the financial fairness of the consideration to be received by the
stockholders of Encad in the merger and were provided to the Encad board of
directors in connection with the delivery of Banc of America Securities'
opinion. The analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices
at which Encad might actually be sold or the prices at which any securities
have traded or may trade at any time in the future.

   As described above, Banc of America Securities' opinion and presentation to
the Encad board of directors were among the many factors taken into
consideration by the Encad board of directors in making its determination to
approve, and to recommend that you adopt, the merger agreement.

   Encad agreed to pay Banc of America Securities a non-refundable retainer fee
of $25,000 at the time the engagement letter was executed. In addition, Encad
agreed to pay Banc of America Securities a transaction fee based on a
percentage of the aggregate consideration to be paid, but in no event less than
$1 million in the aggregate, 25% of which was payable upon delivery of its
opinion and Encad's signing of a definitive merger agreement and the balance of
which, less the retainer fee, will be payable at the consummation of the
merger. The balance of the fee is not payable if the merger is never
consummated. Based on the aggregate consideration to be paid in the merger, the
transaction fee will be $1 million.

   The Encad board of directors was aware of this fee structure and took it
into account in considering Banc of America Securities' fairness opinion and in
approving the merger. Regardless of whether the merger is

consummated, the engagement letter calls for Encad to reimburse Banc of America
Securities for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, and Encad has agreed to
indemnify Banc of America Securities, its affiliates, and their respective
partners, directors, officers, agents, consultants, employees and controlling
persons against particular liabilities, including liabilities under the federal
securities laws.

   In the ordinary course of its business, Banc of America Securities may
actively trade the equity securities of Encad and Kodak for its own account and
for the accounts of customers. Accordingly, Banc of America Securities may at
any time hold a long or short position in those securities. Banc of America
Securities and its predecessors have performed investment banking services for
Encad at various times in the past.

                                  THE MERGER

General

   Under the terms of the merger agreement,

   . a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak, formed for the purpose of the merger,
     will merge with and into Encad. After the merger is completed, Encad will
     become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak, and the subsidiary formed for
     the purpose of the merger will no longer be a separate corporation;

   . each issued and outstanding share of Encad common stock will either be
     converted into shares of Kodak's common stock or exchanged for cash. Kodak
     may elect to pay the merger consideration in cash only if the average of
     the closing sales prices of Kodak common stock over a 10-day trading
     period ending on the second trading day before the special meeting is less
     than $27.00 per share. If the average of the 10-day trading period is less
     than $27.00 per share, and Kodak does elect to pay the merger
     consideration in cash, it will pay $2.00 for each share of Encad common
     stock exchanged in the merger; and

   . if the average of the 10-day trading period is at least $27.00, or if
     Kodak does not elect to pay the merger consideration in cash, the number
     of shares of Kodak common stock to be issued for each share of Encad
     common stock is determined by dividing $2.00 by the average of the closing
     sales prices per share of Kodak common stock as reported by the New York
     Stock Exchange over the 10-day trading period ending on the second trading
     day before the special meeting. No fractional shares of Kodak common stock
     will be issued in the merger, and cash equal to the value of any
     fractional shares will be paid instead.

United States Federal Income Tax Consequences

   Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, legal counsel to Encad, is of the opinion
that the following discussion correctly describes the material federal income
tax consequences generally applicable to Encad stockholders in connection with
the exchange of shares of Encad common stock for Kodak common stock or cash
pursuant to the merger agreement. This discussion is based on currently
existing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, existing and proposed United
States Treasury Regulations thereunder and current administrative rulings and
court decisions, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive
effect. Any change could alter the tax consequences to you as described in this
document.

   You should be aware that this discussion does not deal with all federal
income tax considerations that may be relevant to particular Encad stockholders
in light of their particular circumstances, like stockholders who:

   . are financial institutions, dealers in securities, tax-exempt
     organizations or insurance companies;

   . are foreign persons;

   . do not hold their shares of Encad common stock as a capital asset;

   . acquired their shares in connection with stock option or stock purchase
     plans or in other compensatory transactions; or

   . acquired their shares as part of an integrated investment, such as a
     hedge, straddle or other risk-reduction transaction.

   In addition, the following discussion does not address the tax consequences
of the merger under foreign, state or local tax laws, the tax consequences of
transactions effectuated prior or subsequent to, or concurrently with, the
merger, whether or not the referenced transactions are undertaken in connection
with the merger, including any transaction in which shares of Encad common
stock are acquired or shares of Kodak common stock are disposed of, or the tax
consequences of the exercise, cancellation or termination of Encad stock
options. Accordingly, you are urged to consult your own tax advisors as to the
specific tax consequences to you of the merger, including the applicable
federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences.

   It is a condition to Encad's obligation to complete the merger that, if the
merger consideration is paid in Kodak common stock, rather than cash, Encad
receive an opinion of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP that the merger will
constitute a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code. This opinion will be rendered on the basis of facts, representations and
assumptions set forth or referred to in the opinion, including representations
contained in certificates of Encad's and Kodak's officers. This opinion of
counsel will neither bind the Internal Revenue Service or the courts nor
preclude the Internal Revenue Service from successfully arguing a contrary
position in court. No ruling has been, or will be, sought from the Internal
Revenue Service as to the United States federal income tax consequences of the
merger.

   If Kodak pays the merger consideration in Kodak common stock, and assuming
the merger qualifies as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code, the merger will result in the following federal income tax
consequences to the Encad stockholders:

   . a holder of Encad common stock will not recognize taxable gain or loss to
     the extent the holder receives Kodak common stock in exchange for the
     holder's shares of Encad common stock, except to the extent of any cash
     received in lieu of a fractional share of Kodak common stock;

   . a holder of Encad common stock who receives cash in lieu of a fractional
     share of Kodak common stock will be treated as having received the
     fractional share in the merger and having had it redeemed by Kodak;

   . a holder of Encad common stock who holds Encad stock as a capital asset at
     the time of the merger generally will recognize capital gain or loss from
     the deemed sale of a fractional share of stock in an amount equal to the
     difference between the amount of cash received and the holder's tax basis
     allocable to the fractional share;

   . the aggregate tax basis of the Kodak common stock received in the merger
     by an Encad stockholder will be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the
     shares of Encad common stock surrendered in exchange for that Kodak common
     stock, reduced by any tax basis allocable to any fractional share interest
     for which cash is received; and

   . the holding period of the Kodak common stock received in the merger by any
     Encad stockholder will include the period during which the stockholder
     held the shares of Encad common stock surrendered in exchange for that
     Kodak common stock, so long as Encad common stock was held as a capital
     asset by that stockholder at the time of the merger.

   A successful Internal Revenue Service challenge to the reorganization status
of the merger would result in each of Encad's stockholders recognizing taxable
gain or loss upon the merger equal to the difference between (1) the fair
market value, as of the effective time of the merger, of the Kodak common stock
received by the stockholder, plus any cash received in lieu of a fractional
share, and (2) the stockholder's tax basis in his or her Encad common stock. In
that case, the Encad stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the Kodak common
stock so received would equal such fair market value and the stockholder's
holding period for the stock would begin the day after the merger.

   If Kodak elects to pay cash, rather than Kodak common stock, as the merger
consideration, the merger will be a fully taxable transaction to Encad's
stockholders and will not constitute a "reorganization" for tax purposes. In
that case, each of Encad's stockholders would recognize taxable gain or loss
upon the merger equal to the difference between the cash received by the
stockholder and that stockholder's tax basis in Encad common stock. This
taxable gain or loss should be capital gain or loss if the stockholder holds
his or her shares of Encad common stock as a capital asset at the time of the
merger.

Anticipated Accounting Treatment

   In accordance with the recently issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 141, Business Combinations, and Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets,

Kodak will use the purchase method of accounting for a business combination to
account for the merger, as well as the new accounting and reporting regulations
for goodwill and other intangibles. Under this method of accounting:

   . the assets and liabilities of Encad, including all intangible assets, will
     be recorded at their respective fair market values;

   . all intangible assets will be amortized over their estimated useful lives
     with the exception of goodwill and any other intangibles with indefinite
     lives;

   . goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives will be assessed for
     impairment on a periodic basis in the future; and

   . the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of Encad will
     be included in Kodak's financial statements prospectively as of the
     completion of the merger.

Dissenters' Appraisal Rights

   Under Delaware law, so long as the merger consideration is paid in Kodak
common stock, you are not entitled to dissenters' appraisal rights in
connection with the merger.

   However, if Kodak elects to pay the merger consideration in cash, then you
will be entitled to appraisal rights under Delaware law. Kodak does not have to
complete the merger if the holders of more than 10% of Encad's common stock
have exercised their appraisal rights.

   If you become entitled to appraisal rights with respect to the merger,
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law will govern the exercise of
those appraisal rights. The full text of Section 262 is attached as Annex C to
this document for your review. The following summary of the provisions of
Section 262 is not intended to be a complete statement of its provisions and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Annex C, which is
incorporated by reference.

   If the merger is completed for cash consideration, and a holder of Encad
common stock:

   . files written notice with Encad of an intention to exercise rights to
     appraisal of shares prior to the special meeting;

   . does not vote in favor of the merger; and

   . follows the procedures set forth in Section 262,

the holder will be entitled to be paid the fair value of the shares of Encad
common stock as to which appraisal rights have been perfected. The fair value
of shares of Encad common stock will be determined by the Delaware Court of
Chancery, exclusive of any element of value arising from the merger. The shares
of Encad common stock with respect to which holders have perfected their
appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 and have not effectively
withdrawn or lost their appraisal rights are referred to in this document as
the "dissenting shares."

   Appraisal rights are available only to the record holder of shares. If you
wish to exercise appraisal rights but have a beneficial interest in shares
which are held of record by or in the name of another person, such as a broker
or nominee, you should act promptly to cause the record holder to follow the
procedures set forth in Section 262 to perfect your appraisal rights.

   A demand for appraisal should be signed by or on behalf of the stockholder
exactly as the stockholder's name appears on the stockholder's stock
certificates. If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity such as
by a trustee, guardian or custodian, the demand should be executed in that
capacity, and if the shares are

owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in
common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of all joint owners. An
authorized agent, including one or more joint owners, may execute a demand for
appraisal on behalf of a record holder; however, in the demand the agent must
identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose that the agent is
executing the demand as an agent or the record owner or owners. A record holder
such as a broker who holds shares as nominee for several beneficial owners may
exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares held for one or more
beneficial owners and not exercise rights with respect to the shares held for
other beneficial owners. In that case, the written demand should state the
number of shares for which appraisal rights are being demanded. When no number
of shares is stated, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares held of
record by the broker or nominee.

   If you demand appraisal of your shares under Section 262 and you fail to
perfect, or effectively withdraw or lose, your right to appraisal, your shares
will be converted into a right to receive the merger consideration in
accordance with the terms of the merger agreement. Dissenting shares lose their
status as dissenting shares if:

   . the merger is abandoned;

   . the dissenting stockholder fails to make a timely written demand for
     appraisal;

   . the dissenting shares are voted in favor of adoption of the merger
     agreement;

   . neither Encad nor the dissenting stockholder files a complaint or
     intervenes in a pending action within 120 days after the effective date of
     the merger; or

   . the dissenting stockholder delivers to Encad within 60 days of the
     effective date of the merger, or thereafter with Encad's approval, a
     written withdrawal of the stockholder's demand for appraisal of the
     dissenting shares, although no appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court
     of Chancery may be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of
     the court.

   Within ten days after the effective date of the merger for cash
consideration, Encad must mail a notice to all stockholders who have complied
with the procedures described above, notifying stockholders of the effective
date of the merger. Within 120 days after the effective date, holders of Encad
common stock may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery for the
appraisal of their shares, although they may, within 60 days of the effective
date, withdraw their demand for appraisal. Within 120 days of the effective
date, the holders of dissenting shares may also, upon written request, receive
from Encad a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares with
respect to which demands for appraisals have been received.

   Failure to follow the steps required by Section 262 for perfecting appraisal
rights may result in the loss of your appraisal rights, in which event you will
be entitled to receive the merger consideration with respect to the dissenting
shares in accordance with the merger agreement. In view of the complexity of
the provisions of Section 262, if Kodak elects to pay the merger consideration
in cash, and you are considering objecting to the merger, you should consult
your own legal advisor.

Resale of Kodak Common Stock Issued in the Merger

   Shares of Kodak common stock issued to stockholders of Encad in connection
with the merger are freely transferable, except for shares issued to any person
who, at the time of the special meeting, is an "affiliate" of Encad, as that
term is defined under the Securities Act. In general, affiliates of Encad
include:

   . its executive officers;

   . its board of directors; and

   . other persons or entities that control, are controlled by or are under
     common control with Encad.

   The rules adopted under the Securities Act impose restrictions upon the
resale of securities received by affiliates in connection with
reclassifications, mergers, consolidations or asset transfers. Kodak common
stock received by affiliates of Encad in the merger will be subject to these
resale limitations, and Encad is required to deliver to Kodak agreements signed
by all of Encad's affiliates regarding those resale limitations.

                               MERGER AGREEMENT

   The following discussion describes the merger agreement. This summary may
not contain all of the information that is important to you. You are urged to
carefully read the entire merger agreement, which is attached as Annex A to
this document and which is incorporated by reference into this document.

General

   The Merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, a
wholly owned subsidiary of Kodak will merge with and into Encad. After the
merger, Encad will continue as the surviving corporation. Kodak's subsidiary
will no longer be a separate corporation and Encad will, as a result of the
merger, become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kodak.

   Effective Time. Kodak, its subsidiary and Encad will complete the merger by
filing a certificate of merger with the Delaware Secretary of State. The
certificate of merger will be filed upon the closing of the merger, which is
scheduled to occur on the first business day practicable after the satisfaction
or waiver of the various conditions to the merger which are set forth in the
merger agreement and described below. The effective time of the merger will be
the date and time the certificate of merger is filed with the Delaware
Secretary of State, or a later time as specified in the certificate of merger.

Effect on Capital Stock, Options and Purchase Rights

   Merger Consideration. At the effective time of the merger, without any
further action required by Encad's stockholders, each share of Encad common
stock which is issued and outstanding (other than treasury stock owned by
Encad) will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration.
The merger consideration will consist of either shares of Kodak common stock
or, under certain circumstances, cash in the amount of $2.00 for each share of
Encad common stock converted. Kodak may elect to pay the merger consideration
in cash only if the average of the closing sales prices per share of Kodak
common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange over 10 trading days
ending on and including the second trading day prior to the special meeting is
less than $27.00. If the 10-day trading average is at least $27.00 per share,
or if Kodak does not elect to pay the merger consideration in cash, the number
of shares of Kodak common stock to be exchanged for each share of Encad common
stock will be determined by dividing $2.00 by the average of the closing sales
prices per share of Kodak common stock over the 10-day trading period.

   If Kodak issues any stock dividends, recapitalizes, engages in a stock split
or a similar transaction which affects the outstanding shares of Kodak common
stock between the date of the merger agreement and the effective time of the
merger, the number of shares of Kodak common stock to be issued in exchange for
Encad common stock will be adjusted appropriately.

   No interest is payable on any merger consideration, whether in the form of
Kodak common stock or cash.

   After the merger is effective, the Encad common stock will automatically
cease to exist and you will only have the right to receive the merger
consideration, consisting of Kodak common stock or cash, as described above and
in the merger agreement.

   Treasury Stock. Any shares of Encad common stock that are owned by Encad and
held as treasury stock will cease to exist as of the effective time of the
merger. No shares of Kodak common stock will be issued in exchange for any
shares of Encad common stock that are owned by Encad and held as treasury stock.

   Outstanding Stock Options. Encad has issued stock options under various
stock option plans. In accordance with the terms of those plans, all of the
outstanding options will become exercisable immediately before the effective
time of the merger and holders of those options will have the right to exercise
the options, in

whole or in part, and participate in the merger as an Encad stockholder. Any
options issued under any of Encad's stock option plans which are not exercised
before the effective time of the merger, and which have an exercise price of at
least $2.00 per share, will be cancelled and terminated. Any options which are
not exercised before the effective time of the merger and which have an
exercise price of less than $2.00 per share will also be cancelled, but the
holders of those options will receive cash equal to the difference between
$2.00 and the per share exercise price of the options, multiplied by the number
of shares of Encad common stock subject to the outstanding options. All of
Encad's stock option plans will terminate as of the effective time of the
merger.

   Outstanding Purchase Rights. Encad has a 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
under which some of Encad's employees have the right to purchase shares of
Encad common stock. All of the purchase rights that are outstanding as of
December 31, 2001 will have been exercised in accordance with the provisions of
that plan on or before December 31, 2001. The shares of Encad common stock
which are purchased by employees under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be
exchanged in the merger, on the same terms as all other shares of Encad common
stock. The Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be terminated as of December 31,
2001.

Exchange of Certificates in the Merger

   Exchange Agent and Exchange Fund. Kodak has designated EquiServe Trust
Company, N.A. to serve as its exchange agent in connection with the merger. On
or before the closing date of the merger, Kodak will deposit with the exchange
agent (a) certificates representing all of the shares of Kodak common stock to
be issued in exchange for Encad common stock pursuant to the merger, together
with cash representing amounts payable in lieu of issuing fractional shares of
Kodak common stock, or (b) funds representing the aggregate merger
consideration, if Kodak has elected to pay the merger consideration in cash.

   Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the effective
time of the merger, the exchange agent will mail to each stockholder of record
of Encad a letter of transmittal containing instructions for the surrender of
certificates representing Encad common stock in exchange for the merger
consideration. YOU SHOULD NOT SURRENDER YOUR CERTIFICATES FOR EXCHANGE UNTIL
YOU RECEIVE THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND THE INSTRUCTIONS FROM THE EXCHANGE
AGENT.

   No Fractional Shares. If the merger consideration is payable in shares of
Kodak common stock, no fractional shares will be issued. Instead of issuing
fractional shares of Kodak common stock to the holders of record of Encad
common stock, the exchange agent will pay cash, without interest, payable by
check, in lieu of any fractional share, based on the closing sales price of
Kodak's common stock on the NYSE on the day the merger is completed.

   Dividends and Distributions. If the merger consideration is payable in
shares of Kodak common stock, no dividends or other distributions that are made
after the effective time of the merger with respect to shares of Kodak common
stock will be paid to any holder of record of any unsurrendered certificate.
However, the holder of record will be paid, without interest, upon surrender of
the certificate, any dividends or distributions with a record date after the
effective time of the merger but a payment date between the effective time of
the merger and the time of surrender.

   No Further Ownership Rights. No transfers or registrations of shares of
Encad common stock will be made after the effective time of the merger. If,
after the effective time of the merger, certificates representing Encad common
stock are presented to Encad or its transfer agent for any reason, those
certificates will be cancelled and exchanged for the merger consideration as
provided in the merger agreement.

   Termination of Exchange Fund. If, six months following the effective time of
the merger, a holder of Encad shares has failed to surrender his certificates
to the exchange agent, he may thereafter look only to Kodak to receive the
merger consideration. None of Kodak, Encad or the exchange agent will have any
liability to any holder of a certificate formerly representing shares of Encad
common stock, for the merger consideration, for cash in lieu of fractional
shares, or for any unpaid dividends or distributions which are delivered to a
public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property or similar law.

Representations and Warranties

   Representations and Warranties of Encad. The merger agreement contains a
number of representations and warranties that are made by Encad and that relate
to Encad, its business, affairs, financial condition and other matters. In some
instances, those representations and warranties also apply to Encad's
subsidiaries. Encad's representations and warranties are generally subject to
exceptions, which are set forth in an "Encad Disclosure Letter," and to other
qualifications, and include representations and warranties regarding:

   . organization, good standing, capitalization and similar corporate matters;

   . corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform the merger
     agreement, and to complete the merger and related transactions;

   . the absence of default or violation under any organizational documents or
     laws, and the lack of conflicts with applicable laws, Encad's
     organizational documents and agreements;

   . required governmental consents and other required approvals or
     authorizations;

   . the timely filing of documents, compliance with laws and regulations and
     the accuracy of information contained in the documents filed with the SEC;

   . the absence of changes or events relating to Encad's business since
     January 1, 2001, and the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

   . the accuracy of information supplied by Encad in connection with this
     document and the registration statement to which it relates;

   . compliance with applicable laws and possession of material permits;

   . the absence of owned real property, and the compliance of all leased real
     property with zoning, land use and similar laws;

   . intellectual property matters, including patents, trademarks and various
     matters related to software;

   . matters related to Encad's ownership of its assets free and clear of liens
     and encumbrances, the condition of tangible assets, inventories and
     products manufactured or sold by Encad, along with matters related to
     product warranties;

   . compliance with environmental laws and regulations;

   . employment matters and matters related to employee benefit plans;

   . the existence, validity and status of material contracts;

   . the absence of undisclosed pending or threatened material litigation;

   . the timely filing of tax returns and other tax-related matters, including
     the absence of actions that would prevent the merger from constituting a
     reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code;

   . insurance matters;

   . Encad's receipt of a fairness opinion from its financial advisor, Banc of
     America Securities;

   . the vote required by Encad stockholders to approve the merger; and

   . the absence of undisclosed brokers', finders', financial advisors' or
     other similar fees or commissions.

   Representations and Warranties of Kodak. The merger agreement contains a
number of representations and warranties made by Kodak. In some instances,
these representations also apply to Kodak's subsidiary. These representations
and warranties are generally subject to qualifications and include
representations and warranties regarding:

   . organization, good standing, capitalization and similar corporate matters;

   . the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform the
     merger agreement and to complete the merger and related transactions;

   . the lack of conflicts with applicable laws, Kodak's organizational
     documents and agreements;

   . required governmental consents and other required approvals or
     authorizations;

   . the timely filing of documents, compliance with laws and regulations and
     the accuracy of information contained in documents filed with the SEC;

   . the authorization and valid issuance of, and other matters related to the
     shares of Kodak common stock to be issued in the merger;

   . the absence of undisclosed pending or threatened material litigation;

   . the absence of material changes or events relating to Kodak since June 30,
     2001;

   . the absence of actions that would prevent the merger from constituting a
     reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code; and

   . the absence of undisclosed brokers', finders', financial advisors' or
     other similar fees or commissions.

   All representations and warranties of Kodak and Encad will terminate as of
the effective time of the merger.

Encad's Covenants Prior to the Effective Time of the Merger

   Conduct of Business in Ordinary Course. Encad has agreed to conduct its
business in the ordinary course prior to the effective time of the merger.
Among other matters, Encad has specifically agreed that it will:

   . carry on its business in substantially the same manner as previously
     conducted, and not make material changes in personnel, operations,
     finance, business strategies or policies, subject to narrow exceptions;

   . maintain its assets in good condition and perform its obligations under
     contracts;

   . take reasonable steps to obtain consents, releases or similar documents as
     Kodak reasonably requests;

   . not cancel, allow to lapse or materially change its insurance coverage;

   . pay taxes as they become due;

   . maintain its permits in full force and effect;

   . notify Kodak if it receives any notices or communications related to liens
     on its assets or releases of hazardous materials or other environmental
     liabilities;

   . maintain its business organization including relationships with suppliers,
     customers and employees;

   . not make offers of employment for any period after the effective time of
     the merger, other than at-will employment offers in the ordinary course of
     business and subject to narrow exceptions;

   . not adopt or amend any employee benefit plans or increase the compensation
     payable to any employee, director, officer, consultant or agent, subject
     to narrow exceptions;

   . not incur debt or issue guarantees, other than trade debt;

   . not allow liens to exist on its assets, other than as permitted under the
     merger agreement;

   . not acquire any other business through an acquisition of stock or assets;

   . not make any capital expenditures or other purchases of greater than
     $50,000 individually or $500,000 in the aggregate;

   . not sell, lease or otherwise transfer any of its assets other than in the
     ordinary course of business;

   . neither amend, terminate or waive any of its rights, nor commence or
     settle any material claims, subject to narrow exceptions;

   . not take any action outside the ordinary course of business that would be
     reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the business,
     financial condition or results of operation of Encad and its subsidiaries;
     and

   . not make any commitment to do any of the things described above, and
     notify Kodak immediately if any of the matters described above occurs or
     is expected to occur.

   Matters Related to Securities. Encad has agreed that prior to the completion
of the merger, it will not declare or pay dividends in any form, engage in
stock splits, recapitalizations or similar transactions regarding any shares of
its capital stock or acquire shares of its capital stock. Encad has also agreed
not to issue any capital stock or debt securities or convertible securities,
except for limited issuances of common stock upon the exercise of outstanding
stock options and stock purchase rights. Encad has further agreed that it will
(a) terminate its employee stock purchase plan effective as of December 31,
2001, (b) grant additional stock options only pursuant to its existing stock
option plans and only with Kodak's consent, and (c) not reprice or amend any of
its existing stock options.

   Governing Documents. Encad has agreed that it will not amend or propose to
amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws prior to the effective time of
the merger.

   Access. Encad has agreed to allow representatives and agents of Kodak access
to employees of Encad and its subsidiaries and to other information prior to
the completion of the merger, so long as reasonable prior notice is given and
other conditions are complied with.

   No Solicitation. Encad has agreed that prior to the completion of the merger
it will not, and will not permit its subsidiaries, officers, directors or
representatives, to initiate, solicit, encourage, negotiate or take other
actions to facilitate inquiries or the making of proposals which constitute, or
would be reasonably expected to lead to, a proposal or offer to acquire a
substantial part of Encad's business or assets or a controlling part of the
capital stock of Encad or its subsidiaries, in a merger, purchase of assets,
tender offer or any other similar transaction.

   Encad has further agreed that it will not entertain, agree to, endorse,
participate in any discussions or negotiations or recommend any type of
acquisition transaction, unless Encad's board of directors concludes in good
faith, after receiving written advice of independent outside counsel, and after
consulting with a financial advisor, that the failure to engage in that action
would be expected to constitute a breach of the fiduciary duty which the board
of directors owes to Encad stockholders. Encad has agreed to inform Kodak
within one business day of any inquiry, proposal or offer received by it, its
subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees or representatives.

   Cooperation in Preparing Securities Filings. Encad has agreed to prepare
this document and otherwise cooperate with Kodak in preparing and filing the
registration statement and this document with the SEC, including causing its
independent auditors to deliver customary letters to Kodak in connection with
the registration statement.

   Stockholders Meeting. Encad has agreed that its board of directors will use
its commercially reasonable efforts to hold the meeting as promptly as
practicable and will recommend to Encad stockholders that they adopt the merger
agreement.

   Encad's board of directors is permitted to withdraw, modify, condition, or
fail to give its recommendation if it concludes, in good faith, upon the advice
of counsel, that a failure to do so could reasonably be expected to constitute
a breach of the fiduciary duty which the board of directors owes to Encad
stockholders.

   Voting Agreement and Affiliates' Agreement. Encad has agreed to use its
commercially reasonable efforts to cause all of the directors and executive
officers to deliver to Kodak a voting agreement under which each of the
directors and executive officers of Encad agree to vote all of their shares in
favor of adoption of the merger agreement. In addition, Encad has agreed to
identify to Kodak anyone who constitutes an "affiliate" of Encad for securities
law purposes. Encad has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to
cause all of the people identified as affiliates to enter into a written
agreement prior to the closing date concerning the disposition of shares of
Kodak common stock acquired as merger consideration.

   Transaction Expenses. Encad has agreed that its total expenses related to
the merger, including fees and expenses which are payable to directors,
officers, attorneys, accountants, and Banc of America Securities, will not
exceed $1.75 million, and has further agreed to provide a reasonably detailed
listing of expenses to Kodak prior to the closing of the merger.

   Employee and Employee Benefit Matters. Encad has agreed to give timely all
notices required to be given to comply with all U.S. and foreign laws that
relate to various employee matters in connection with the merger, and to take
additional commercially reasonable efforts related to representative bodies of
non-U.S. employees. Encad has agreed to take any action necessary to remedy any
existing problems in its employee benefit plans prior to completion of the
merger.

   Rights Agreement. Encad is a party to a rights agreement with Harris Trust
Company of California, as the rights agent. Encad has agreed that prior to the
closing of the merger, its board of directors will approve the redemption of
rights under the rights agreement and, immediately before the merger becomes
effective, Encad will complete the redemption of those rights, with the
aggregate amount of fees and expenses not to exceed $200,000. After the
redemption, the rights agreement will be effectively terminated.

   Bank Liens. Encad has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
all encumbrances in favor of its former lender to be released before the merger
is completed.

   Securities Law Matters. Encad has agreed that its board of directors will
take action required under various securities laws to approve the deemed
disposition and sale of shares of Encad common stock and the deemed disposition
and cancellation of outstanding stock options in the merger, to the extent
shares and stock options are held by persons or entities subject to the
"short-swing profit" restrictions under federal securities laws.

   Shares of Subsidiaries. Encad has agreed that, with respect to any of its
subsidiaries which have issued and outstanding equity interests held by
directors or any other third parties, it will cause all of the holders of those
equity interests to transfer those interests at the closing of the merger to
transferees designated by Kodak.

Covenants of Kodak

   Preparation of Securities Filings. Kodak has agreed to prepare this document
promptly, along with the registration statement related to the shares of Kodak
common stock that may be issued in connection with the merger, and to file
those documents with the SEC. Kodak has further agreed to cooperate with Encad
in preparing this document and to use commercially reasonable efforts to have
the registration statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable
after filing.

   Listing on New York Stock Exchange. Kodak has agreed to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Kodak common stock that may be issued
in the merger to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange prior to the closing
date.

   Indemnification; Directors and Officers Liability Insurance. Under its
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and agreements with its directors and
executive officers, Encad indemnifies and holds harmless its directors,
officers and employees, and people performing those roles with Encad's
subsidiaries, against certain liabilities related to their service. Kodak has
agreed, on its own behalf and on behalf of Encad after the completion of the
merger, that it will continue to indemnify and hold harmless those people
following the merger to the same extent and under the same terms and conditions
that indemnification rights exist as of the date of the merger agreement, for
actions or omissions occurring at or before the completion of the merger. Kodak
has further agreed to provide director and officer liability insurance to all
people covered by Encad's director and officer liability insurance policies as
of the date of the merger agreement. Kodak has agreed to maintain this
insurance in place until the sixth anniversary of the effective time of the
merger, or sooner if the aggregate cost of insurance premiums exceeds $750,000.

Other Covenants

   Additional Agreements and Other Actions. Kodak, its subsidiary and Encad
have each agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts to take actions
that are necessary to cause the merger to be completed and to obtain necessary
approvals for the merger from governmental and other third parties. Each of the
parties has also agreed that they will not take any action that is likely to
cause any of the representations and warranties in the merger agreement not to
be true or which is likely to cause any of the conditions to the closing of the
merger not to be satisfied. The parties have generally agreed to cooperate with
and assist each other in causing the merger to become effective and to ensure a
smooth transition of control of Encad's business.

   Expenses. Kodak, its subsidiary and Encad have agreed that each party will
pay its own legal, accounting and other expenses that are incurred in
connection with the merger, regardless of whether the merger is completed. The
parties have agreed, however, that Kodak and Encad will share equally costs
associated with printing and mailing this document. Encad has agreed that its
aggregate fees and expenses in connection with the merger, including those paid
to directors, officers, attorneys, accountants and advisors, including Banc of
America Securities, Encad's financial advisor, will not exceed $1.75 million.

   Tax-Free Reorganization. If Kodak pays the merger consideration in Kodak
common stock, the parties intend that the merger will qualify as a tax-free
reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code. In that case, Kodak and Encad
have each agreed that they will not take any action which would jeopardize that
qualification, and have further agreed that all of their federal and state
income tax returns will be filed in a manner consistent with treating the
merger as a tax-free reorganization. Kodak has agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to conduct Encad's business after the merger in a manner
that does not jeopardize the treatment of the merger as a tax-free
reorganization. If Kodak pays the merger consideration in Kodak common stock,
Encad's attorneys, Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, will issue an opinion to
Encad's board of directors regarding the qualification of the merger as a
tax-free reorganization and, in connection with the issuance of that tax
opinion, each of Kodak, its subsidiary and Encad have agreed to provide
Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP with reasonable representation letters.

   Confidentiality and Publicity. The parties have agreed to maintain in
confidence all confidential information disclosed to it by the other parties in
connection with the merger, subject to narrow exceptions. In addition, the
parties have agreed to seek to develop a joint communication plan regarding the
merger and work together to comply with that plan, including collaborating on
the timing and content of press releases and other public statements, to the
extent possible.

Conditions to Each Party's Obligations

   The merger agreement provides that each party's obligations to complete the
merger is subject to the satisfaction, before the closing of the merger, of
each of the following conditions:

   Effectiveness of Registration Statement and Other Securities Matters. The
registration statement filed by Kodak with respect to the shares of common
stock which may be issued as merger consideration will have

become effective under federal securities laws, and will not be subject to any
stop order or proceeding seeking a stop order. No similar proceeding will have
been initiated or threatened by the SEC with respect to this document. In
addition, unless Kodak has elected to pay the merger consideration in cash, the
shares of Kodak common stock issuable in the merger will have been authorized
for listing on the New York Stock Exchange upon official notice of issuance.

   Stockholder Approval. The merger agreement will have been adopted by the
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Encad common stock as of the
record date, as required by Delaware law.

   Governmental Approvals and Other Matters. All material licenses, franchises,
permits, authorizations, consents or approvals of any governmental entities
will have been filed or obtained, including state approvals necessary to issue
the Kodak common stock which may be issued in connection with the merger. No
restraining order, injunction or other legal prohibition will have been issued
by any court or other governmental entity that prevents the completion of the
merger.

Conditions to Kodak's Obligations

   The merger agreement provides that, in addition to those conditions
described above, Kodak's obligations to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

   Representations, Warranties and Performance of Obligations. Encad's
representations and warranties must be true and correct in all material
respects as of the effective time of merger, subject to materiality qualifiers
in the representations and warranties, and Encad will have materially performed
its obligations under the merger agreement.

   Minimum Stockholders' Equity. As of the end of the month immediately before
the closing of the merger, Encad's consolidated stockholders' equity must be at
least $24 million.

   No Materially Adverse Events. No events or conditions will have occurred or
been discovered between the date of the merger agreement and the closing which
are reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition or results of operations of Encad and its subsidiaries.

   Dissenting Shares. Prior to the vote on the merger by Encad's stockholders,
if Kodak has elected to pay the merger consideration in cash, written notice of
the assertion of dissenters' appraisal rights under Delaware law will not have
been delivered by holders of more than 10% of the outstanding shares of Encad
common stock.

   No Changes to Resolutions. Encad's board of directors will not have amended,
modified or revoked its resolutions which approve of the merger agreement and
completion of the merger.

   Additional Documents and Agreements. The following additional documents and
agreements will have been delivered or received:

   . consents from third parties necessary to allow the continuation by Encad,
     after the merger, of intellectual property rights and agreements;

   . a letter from Deloitte & Touche LLP, Encad's independent auditors, in a
     customary form and related to the registration statement;

   . a voting agreement signed by each member of Encad's board of directors and
     each executive officer of Encad, agreeing to vote in favor of adoption of
     the merger;

   . an agreement signed by each person who is an affiliate of Encad for
     purposes of federal securities laws;

   . if Kodak pays the merger consideration in stock, a copy of the legal
     opinion of Encad's attorneys, Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, regarding
     the status of the transaction as a tax-free reorganization;

   . a release agreement signed by Encad and David A. Purcell, in a form
     approved by Kodak;

   . a copy of the written opinion of Encad's financial advisor regarding the
     fairness of the merger consideration to Encad's stockholders, from a
     financial point of view;

   . an employment agreement between Encad and Terry E. Vandewarker, Encad's
     chief executive officer, in a form approved by Kodak; and

   . certificates of incorporation, or similar documents, for Encad and each of
     its subsidiaries, in each case certified by the appropriate secretary of
     state or similar official.

Conditions to Encad's Obligations

   In addition to those conditions that affect all of the parties, the merger
agreement provides that Encad's obligation to complete the merger is subject to
the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions:

   . Kodak's representations and warranties must be true and correct in all
     material respects, subject to materiality qualifiers in the
     representations and warranties, and Kodak will have materially performed
     its obligations under the merger agreement;

   . Kodak's corporate finance committee will not have amended, modified or
     revoked its resolutions which approve of the merger agreement and the
     completion of the merger; and

   . if Kodak pays the merger consideration in shares of Kodak common stock,
     Encad will have received a legal opinion from Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison
     LLP in a form reasonably satisfactory to Encad, to the effect that the
     merger will constitute a reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

   The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the completion
of the merger, regardless of whether Encad's stockholders have approved of the
merger at the special meeting, in the manner described below:

   Mutual Consent. The merger agreement may be terminated if Encad's board of
directors and Kodak's corporate finance committee mutually consent.

   Failure to Fulfill Conditions. Either Kodak or Encad may terminate the
merger agreement if any condition to that party's obligation to complete the
merger becomes impossible to fulfill, and the failure to comply with the
condition is not waived by the other party. If Kodak elects to terminate
because a condition to its obligations becomes impossible to fulfill, and the
cause of the impossibility relates solely to Encad's intellectual property,
Kodak will be required to pay to Encad $2 million, as liquidated damages, so
long as Encad has not materially breached its obligations under the merger
agreement.

   Failure to Close by March 31, 2002. Either Kodak or Encad may terminate the
merger agreement if the closing of the merger has not occurred by March 31,
2002. If the closing has not occurred by that date as a result of the delay
associated with the review of the registration statement by the SEC, and if the
parties continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the
registration statement declared effective, then the March 31, 2002 date will be
extended to a date no more than 35 days after the SEC agrees that the
registration statement can be declared effective.

   Superior Proposal. Kodak or Encad may terminate the merger agreement if
Encad's board of directors withdraws, modifies, conditions or fails to give its
recommendation to Encad's stockholders that they adopt the merger agreement,
because Encad's board of directors concludes, in good faith and on advice of
counsel, that it could reasonably be expected to be a breach of the fiduciary
duty owed by the board of directors to the Encad

stockholders if it failed to withdraw, modify, condition or elect not to
recommend adoption of the merger agreement.

   To terminate the merger agreement on these grounds, Encad must also enter
into an agreement providing for, or must authorize or consummate, a superior
proposal at a time that is prior to approval of the merger agreement by Encad's
stockholders and after notice of the superior proposal has been given to Kodak.
Under the merger agreement, a superior proposal means an offer that is not
solicited in violation of Encad's covenants in the merger agreement which is
made by a third party and which Encad's board of directors determines in good
faith (a) has a reasonable likelihood of being completed, and (b) is otherwise
on terms which would result in a transaction more favorable to Encad's
stockholders, taking into account the ability of the third party to complete
the transaction.

   Encad has agreed that, if the merger agreement is terminated because Encad's
board of directors has elected to accept a superior proposal, Encad will pay $1
million to Kodak, as liquidated damages.

                              THE SPECIAL MEETING

General Information; Purpose of the Special Meeting

   The special meeting will be held at Encad's principal executive offices,
6059 Cornerstone Court West, San Diego, California, on      , 2002, beginning
at 9:00 a.m., local time, to consider and to vote upon the adoption of the
merger agreement.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote

   Only stockholders of record of Encad at the close of business on      , the
"record date" for the special meeting, will be entitled to notice of, and to
vote at, the special meeting. On the record date, there were shares of Encad
common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting. Each
holder of shares of Encad common stock outstanding on the record date is
entitled to one vote for each share held, exercisable in person or by properly
executed and delivered proxy, at the special meeting. The presence of the
holders of at least a majority of Encad common stock outstanding on the record
date, whether present in person or by properly executed and delivered proxy,
will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the special meeting.

Vote Required

   The affirmative vote of the holders of record of at least a majority of the
outstanding Encad common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting is
necessary to approve the merger agreement. Pursuant to voting agreements
required to be executed as a condition to completing the merger, Encad's board
of directors and executive officers, who collectively own approximately 9.3% of
Encad's outstanding common stock, have agreed to vote all shares of Encad
common stock which they are entitled to vote, directly or indirectly, in favor
of adoption of the merger agreement, and have further agreed not to transfer or
otherwise dispose of any shares of Encad common stock unless the transferee of
those shares agrees in writing to such voting agreement.

   Abstentions cast in person at the special meeting will be tallied as votes
having been made and will not be treated as affirmative votes. Brokers who hold
shares for customers that have not given the broker instructions as to how to
vote at the special meeting will not vote those shares at the special meeting.
Abstentions and broker non-votes have the effect of a vote against the proposal
to adopt the merger agreement but will be counted for the purpose of
determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting.

Voting and Revocation of Proxies

   You are requested to complete and sign the accompanying form of proxy and
return it promptly to Encad in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. When the
accompanying form of proxy is returned properly executed, the shares of Encad
common stock represented by it will be voted at the special meeting in
accordance with the instructions contained in the proxy. If a proxy is executed
and returned without an indication as to how the shares of Encad common stock
represented are to be voted, the Encad common stock it represents will be voted
for adoption of the merger agreement. Unless you check the box on your proxy
withholding discretionary authority, the proxy holders may use their discretion
to vote on other matters relating to the special meeting, like adjourning for
the purpose of soliciting additional proxies. If you vote against the proposal
to adopt the merger agreement but do not check the box withholding
discretionary authority, the proxies could vote your shares for an adjournment
or postponement which is intended to allow additional votes to be solicited for
adoption of the merger agreement.

   You have the power to revoke any proxy you have given at any time before it
is voted at the special meeting. A later-dated proxy or written notice of
revocation given to Encad's corporate secretary before the vote at the special
meeting will serve to revoke a proxy. Also, a stockholder who attends the
special meeting in person may vote by ballot at the special meeting, thereby
canceling any proxy previously given. Mere presence at the special meeting will
not serve to revoke any proxy previously given.

Other Matters to be Considered

   The board of directors of Encad is unaware of any other matter that will be
brought before the special meeting. If, however, other matters are presented
that relate to the merger, proxies will be voted in accordance with the
discretion of the holders of the proxies. If you wish to withhold this
discretionary authority from the proxy holders, you must check the applicable
box on the proxy card. Pursuant to Encad's bylaws and the Delaware General
Corporation Law, only business within the purposes described in the notice of
special meeting in this document may be conducted at the special meeting.

Solicitation of Proxies

   The cost of soliciting proxies from holders of Encad common stock is borne
by Encad. In addition to the use of the mails, persons regularly employed by
Encad may solicit proxies by personal interview, telephone and other
telecommunication devices. Persons soliciting proxies will receive no
additional compensation for their services, but Encad will reimburse them for
any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with their services.
Arrangements may also be made with custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for the
forwarding of solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of shares of
Encad common stock held of record by custodians, nominees or fiduciaries, and
Encad may reimburse custodians, nominees or fiduciaries for their reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in forwarding proxies.

      INTERESTS OF ENCAD'S DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

   In considering the recommendation of Encad's board of directors that you
vote for the adoption of the merger agreement, you should be aware that members
of Encad's board of directors and Encad's executive officers have agreements or
arrangements that provide them with interests in the merger that may differ
from, or be in addition to, the interests of Encad's other stockholders.
Encad's board of directors was aware of these agreements and arrangements
during its deliberations of the merits of the merger and in determining to
recommend that you vote to adopt the merger agreement.

   1997 Severance Agreements, as Amended. In 1997, the compensation committee
of Encad's board of directors approved a special severance benefit program for
Encad's executive officers. After the merger, Mr. Thomas L. Green, Encad's
general counsel, is the only officer who will continue to have a severance
agreement under the 1997 program, as it has been amended to date. If, within
eighteen months after the merger, Mr. Green is terminated without cause or
resigns for good reason, then he is entitled to a lump-sum payment equal to his
annual compensation plus the average of his bonus over the last two years plus
the total costs of benefits made available to him in the previous year.

   Release Agreement with Mr. Purcell. In connection with the merger, Kodak
negotiated a release agreement with Mr. Purcell that will become effective when
the merger is completed. Encad will make a lump sum payment of $900,000 to Mr.
Purcell and he will release all employment claims against Encad, including
claims for benefits, payments under a split dollar life insurance agreement
entered into by Encad for the benefit of Mr. Purcell, payments under Mr.
Purcell's 1997 Severance Agreement and otherwise. Additionally, Mr. Purcell
will be subject to a one year non-competition agreement and a two year
prohibition on soliciting any of Encad's employees.

   Employment and Severance Agreement with Mr. Vandewarker. In 1999, the
compensation committee of Encad's board of directors granted Mr. Vandewarker a
change of control agreement, which was later amended in 2001. In connection
with the merger, Kodak negotiated an employment agreement and an amended
severance agreement with Mr. Vandewarker, both of which will become effective
when the merger is completed. In lieu of his benefits under existing benefit
plans, including his existing severance agreement, Mr. Vandewarker will receive
(a) a signing bonus of $200,000 if he remains employed with Encad after the
closing of the merger, and (b) a retention bonus of $400,000 if he remains
employed with Encad on the first anniversary of the completion of the merger.
Mr. Vandewarker's salary will be $290,125 for the year following completion of
the merger and he is entitled to a bonus, an automobile allowance and
participation in Encad's benefit plans. In addition to the employment
agreement, Kodak and Mr. Vandewarker have negotiated a severance agreement
which entails the payment of $600,000 to Mr. Vandewarker if he is terminated
without cause within a year of the closing of the merger and payment of
$200,000 to Mr. Vandewarker if he is terminated without cause or leaves Encad
voluntarily any time after that first year.

   Stock Option Acceleration. Outstanding options granted under Encad's stock
option plans, including all grants to Encad's directors and executive officers,
automatically accelerate and become immediately exercisable in full upon
consummation of the merger. Additionally, the merger agreement provides that at
the effective time, with respect to unexercised options having an exercise
price of less than $2.00 per share, Kodak will pay the option holder an amount
in cash, for each share of Encad's common stock underlying the option, equal to
the difference between $2.00 and the exercise price of the option. With respect
to the outstanding options of Encad's directors, officers and senior managers
only approximately 70,000 have an exercise price of less than $2.00.

   Indemnification and Insurance. The merger agreement provides that, upon
completion of the merger, Kodak will indemnify and hold harmless, and provide
advancement of expenses to, all of Encad's past and present directors, officers
and employees in all of their capacities, for acts or omissions occurring at or
prior to the completion of the merger to the same extent they were indemnified
or had the right to advancement of expenses as of November 14, 2001, which is
the date of the merger agreement, pursuant to Encad's certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and indemnification agreements with any of Encad's, or
Encad's subsidiaries', directors, officers and employees. The merger agreement
also provides that, upon completion of the merger, Kodak will provide director
and officer liability insurance policies with the current coverage of Encad's
policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance to be effective for
six years following the completion of the merger or until the premium cost
exceeds $750,000, whichever occurs earlier.

                            INFORMATION ABOUT ENCAD

Business

   The discussion of Encad's business contained in and incorporated by
reference into this document may contain projections, estimates and other
forward looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties,
including those discussed and incorporated by reference into this document
under the caption "Risk Factors Related to the Merger." While this outlook
represents Encad's current judgment on the future direction of its business,
these risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially
from any future performance suggested below. Neither Encad nor Kodak undertake
any obligation to release publicly the results of any revisions to these
forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstance arising after the
date of this document.

General

   Encad designs, develops, manufactures and markets wide-format (up to 60"),
color inkjet printer systems designed to increase productivity in computer
applications requiring quality printed output. Encad's current printer product
line consists of the CADJET(R)2, CADJET(R) 3D, Croma24(TM), 1500 TX(TM),
NovaJet(R) 500/630/700 series, NovaJet(R) 850 and the recently introduced
NovaJet(R) 880. Typical uses for these printers and their related accessories
and supplies include:

   . graphic arts production such as photo reproduction, posters, signage,
     point-of-sale retail, display/exhibit graphics, proofing, fabric printing,
     and presentation graphics;

   . computer-aided design used by architects, engineers, construction
     designers, and geographic information systems such as surveying and
     mapping;

   . outdoor graphics, such as vehicle graphics, banners, adhesive vinyl,
     commercial on-premise signs, and billboards; and

   . textiles, such as banners, graphics, sampling, and personalization.

   To support its wide-format inkjet printers, Encad offers a variety of
accessories, software and supplies, including specialty ink and media. The
market for wide-format, color inkjet printers, supplies, software and
accessories is developing as a result of technological advancements in
performance and quality and continuing improvements in price/performance
ratios. Encad believes these advancements will make quality wide-format inkjet
output more versatile and affordable, allowing Encad's products to be more
widely used in Encad's existing markets, as well as addressing potential new
market applications.

   Encad urges you to read carefully the documents that it has previously filed
with the SEC that are incorporated into this document by reference. These
documents contain a substantial amount of information concerning Encad and its
business. The SEC's rules allow Encad to incorporate them by reference which
means that, although that information is not reprinted in this document, it has
the same legal effect as if Encad had reprinted it in this document.

   Please see "Where to Find More Information" and "Some Documents Are
Incorporated by Reference," beginning at page   for information about, and how
to obtain copies of, the Encad documents incorporated by reference.

Price Range of Encad's Common Stock

   Encad's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "ENCD." The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices for
each quarter in Encad's last two completed fiscal years and for 2001.

Year and Quarter                                High   Low
- ----------------                               ------ ------

1999:
   First quarter.............................. $6.813 $3.500
   Second quarter............................. $7.469 $5.344
   Third quarter.............................. $9.500 $4.500
   Fourth quarter............................. $7.000 $4.438
2000:
   First quarter.............................. $7.313 $4.438
   Second quarter............................. $6.500 $2.875
   Third quarter.............................. $3.750 $2.125
   Fourth quarter............................. $2.875 $1.000
2001:
   First quarter.............................. $2.813 $1.250
   Second quarter............................. $2.530 $1.563
   Third quarter.............................. $1.900 $1.000
   Fourth quarter (through December  , 2001).. $      $

   Encad has not paid during 1999, 2000 or 2001, and does not currently intend
to pay, any dividends on its common stock.

Security Ownership of Five Percent Beneficial Owners and Management
   The following table sets forth information as of November 30, 2001 relating
to the beneficial ownership of common stock by (a) each stockholder known to
own beneficially more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Encad's common
stock, (b) each director, (c) each named executive officer, and (d) all of
Encad's current executive officers, senior managers and directors as a group.
This table is based upon information supplied by Encad's directors, named
executive officers, senior managers and principal stockholders and upon Section
13 filings with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, the individual
stockholders named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with
respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws
where applicable. Applicable ownership is based on 12,001,632 shares of common
stock outstanding on November 30, 2001, and calculated pursuant to SEC Rule
13d-3(d)(1), which includes the number of shares acquirable within 60 days by
directors, executive officers and other employees.

   All amounts listed under the column "Acquirable Within 60 Days" represent
the underlying shares for stock options that will vest within 60 days of
November 30, 2001. The amounts set forth in that column do not include
additional shares that may be issued upon exercise of options that will
accelerate upon completion of the merger.

                                                                             Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership
                                                                             ----------------------------------------
                                                                             Owned as of           Acquirable
                                                                             November 30,          Within 60  Percent
Holder                                                                           2001                 Days    of Class
- ------                                                                       ------------          ---------- --------

Dimensional Fund Advisors Inc...............................................    863,300                   0     7.19%
1299 Ocean Avenue, 11th Floor Santa Monica, California 90401(1)
Richard H. Pickup...........................................................  1,755,000                   0    14.62%
610 Newport Center Dr., Suite 1300 Newport Beach, CA 92660(2)
Ronald J. Hall..............................................................     82,610              45,000     1.06%
Howard L. Jenkins...........................................................    258,176              60,000     2.65%
Charles E. Volpe............................................................     20,000              58,000        *
David A. Purcell(3).........................................................    740,002             106,875     7.06%
Terry E. Vandewarker........................................................      1,965              85,062        *
Thomas L. Green.............................................................      4,877              53,909        *
Patrick Ryan................................................................          0              23,312        *
James A. Hebert.............................................................      2,480              23,750        *
Dean R. Richards............................................................          0              24,687        *
Todd W. Schmidt(4)..........................................................      1,500                   0        *
Gerry Forman................................................................          0               7,500        *
All directors, executive officers and senior managers as a group--11 persons  1,111,610             488,095    13.33%

- --------
*  Less than one percent.
(1) Pursuant to a Schedule 13F-HR filed October 25, 2001 by Dimensional Fund
    Advisors Inc., an investment advisor, which reported sole dispositive and
    voting power over 863,300 shares.
(2) Pursuant to a Schedule 13D filed February 16, 2001 by Mr. Pickup who
    reported sole dispositive and voting power over 1,755,000 shares. Mr.
    Pickup filed on behalf of himself and the following entities with which he
    shares membership in a group: Dito Devcar Corporation, Dito Caree, LP, TD
    Investments, LLC, Pickup Charitable Remainder Unitrust II, DRP Charitable
    Remainder Unitrust, TMP Charitable Remainder Unitrust, Pickup Family Trust
    and Dito Devcar LP.
(3) Of the 740,002 shares beneficially owned by Mr. Purcell, 450 shares are
    owned by his spouse and 739,552 are held in a family trust of which Mr.
    Purcell is a trustee.
(4) The 1,500 shares beneficially owned by Mr. Schmidt are owned by his spouse.

        COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF KODAK SHAREHOLDERS AND ENCAD STOCKHOLDERS

   Kodak is a New Jersey corporation subject to the provisions of the New
Jersey Business Corporation Act. Encad is a Delaware corporation subject to the
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Encad certificate of
incorporation, the Encad bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law
currently govern the rights of Encad stockholders. Upon completion of the
merger, however, unless Kodak elects to pay the merger consideration in cash,
Encad stockholders will instead become shareholders of Kodak, and the Kodak
certificate of incorporation, the Kodak bylaws and the New Jersey Business
Corporation Act will govern their rights.

   The descriptions that follow below summarize certain material differences
that may affect the rights of Kodak shareholders and Encad stockholders. These
descriptions are not a complete statement of all of the differences between the
rights of Kodak shareholders and the rights of Encad stockholders, however, and
important differences may exist that are not described below. In addition,
within the descriptions that follow below, specific provisions of the New
Jersey Business Corporation Act, the Delaware General Corporation Law, and each
company's certificate of incorporation and bylaws are referred to. These
descriptions are not intended to be complete statements of the various
provisions, however, and stockholders should read carefully for themselves the
relevant provisions of the New Jersey Business Corporation Act, the Delaware
General Corporation Law, each company's certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

                               Encad Stockholder Rights              Kodak Shareholder Rights
                         ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------

Authorized Capital Stock The authorized capital stock of       The authorized capital stock of
                         Encad consists of 60,000,000          Kodak consists of 950,000,000
                         shares of common stock, par value     shares of common stock, par value
                         $0.001 per share, and 5,000,000       $2.50 per share, and 100,000,000
                         shares of preferred stock, par value  shares of preferred stock, par value
                         $0.001 per share. There were          $10.00 per share. There were
                         12,001,632 shares of common           290,920,228 shares of common
                         stock and no shares of preferred      stock and no shares of preferred
                         stock issued and outstanding at the   stock issued and outstanding at the
                         close of business on November 30,     close of business on November 30,
                         2001.                                 2001.
Number of Directors      Encad's bylaws provide that the       Kodak's certificate of incorporation
                         number of directors is fixed by       provides that Kodak has a minimum
                         resolution of the board of directors, of nine directors and a maximum of
                         with the initial number fixed at      18 directors, with the exact number
                         seven. There are currently five       of directors fixed from time to time
                         directors on the Encad board.         by resolution of the board of
                                                               directors. There are currently 14
                                                               directors on the Kodak board.
Classification of Board  Encad does not have a classified      Kodak's certificate of incorporation
 of Directors            board of directors.                   divides the board of directors into
                                                               three classes, with each class
                                                               consisting as nearly as possible of
                                                               an equal number of directors. Each
                                                               class serves a staggered three-year
                                                               term.

                                    Encad Stockholder Rights              Kodak Shareholder Rights
                              ------------------------------------ ---------------------------------------

Quorum for Meeting of         Encad's bylaws provide that a        Kodak's bylaws provide that one-
Directors                     majority of the entire board of      third of the entire board of directors
                              directors constitutes a quorum.      constitutes a quorum.
Election of Directors         Encad's bylaws provide that          Kodak's bylaws provide that
                              directors are elected by a plurality directors are elected by a plurality
                              vote of the holders of Encad shares  vote of the holders of Kodak shares
                              that vote in the election of         that vote in the election of directors.
                              directors.                           In addition, Kodak's certificate of
                                                                   incorporation provides that the
                                                                   board of directors can issue
                                                                   additional classes of preferred stock
                                                                   that possess the right to elect
                                                                   directors. The number of directors
                                                                   so elected can exceed the upper
                                                                   limit on the size of the board of
                                                                   directors contained in the certificate
                                                                   of incorporation, and directors so
                                                                   elected serve for a term of one year.
Directors as Stockholders     The Encad certificate of             The Kodak bylaws provide that the
                              incorporation provides that the      members of the board of directors
                              members of the board of directors    must hold shares of Kodak stock.
                              need not hold shares of Encad
                              stock.
Stockholder Action            Encad's certificate of               Kodak's bylaws provide that its
                              incorporation provides that its      shareholders may take action either
                              stockholders may take action either  at an annual meeting or a special
                              at an annual meeting or a special    meeting of shareholders. The New
                              meeting of stockholders. Encad's     Jersey Business Corporation Act
                              certificate of incorporation         provides that Kodak shareholders
                              prohibits the stockholders from      may take action without a meeting,
                              acting without a meeting by          by written consent, under certain
                              written consent.                     circumstances.
Amendment of Certificate of   The Encad certificate of             The New Jersey Business
  Incorporation               incorporation provides that any      Corporation Act governs
                              provision contained in Encad's       amendments to Kodak's certificate
                              certificate of incorporation can be  of incorporation and provides that a
                              amended or repealed. The             proposed amendment requires
                              Delaware General Corporation         approval by the board of directors as
                              Law provides that an amendment       well as the affirmative vote of the
                              to the certificate of incorporation  majority of the votes cast by the
                              requires the approval of the board   holders of shares entitled to vote on
                              of directors and the approval of the the amendment, unless a specific
                              holders of a majority of the         provision of the New Jersey
                              outstanding stock entitled to vote   Business Corporation Act provides
                              upon the proposed amendment.         otherwise.

                                    Encad Stockholder Rights              Kodak Shareholder Rights
                              ------------------------------------- -------------------------------------

Amendment of Bylaws           Encad's certificate of                The New Jersey Business
                              incorporation and bylaws provide      Corporation Act governs the
                              that the bylaws may be amended or     amendment of Kodak's bylaws and
                              repealed by the affirmative vote of   provides that bylaws may be
                              a majority of the outstanding         amended, altered or repealed in
                              shares of voting stock. In addition,  whole or in part by the vote of a
                              the board of directors is expressly   majority of the board of directors or
                              authorized by the bylaws to adopt,    by the vote of a majority of the
                              amend or repeal the bylaws.           outstanding shares at a meeting.
Voting Stock                  Encad's voting securities consist of  The outstanding voting securities of
                              shares of common stock, which are     Kodak are the shares of common
                              entitled to one vote per share, and   stock, which are entitled to one vote
                              shares of Series A Junior             per share. In addition, Kodak has
                              Participating Preferred Stock,        the authority to issue "blank check"
                              which are entitled to 1,000 votes     preferred stock, the voting rights of
                              per share. No shares of Series A      which have yet to be determined.
                              Junior Participating Preferred        No shares of preferred stock are
                              Stock are currently outstanding.      currently outstanding.
Stockholder Inspection and    The Delaware General Corporation      The New Jersey Business
  Information Rights          Law provides that stockholders        Corporation Act provides that a
                              have a qualified right to inspect a   shareholder who has been a
                              corporation's stock ledger, a list of shareholder for at least six months
                              its stockholders and its other books  or who holds at least 5% of the
                              and records. In addition, the         outstanding shares of any class or
                              Delaware General Corporation          series of stock of a corporation has
                              Law provides that a complete list     the qualified right to inspect the
                              of stockholders entitled to vote at   minutes of the proceedings of the
                              any meeting of stockholders must      corporation's shareholders and its
                              be open to the examination of any     record of shareholders. In addition,
                              stockholder for a period of at least  the New Jersey Business
                              10 days prior to the meeting. That    Corporation Act provides that,
                              law also provides that the            without regard to the period that any
                              stockholder list must be kept at the  shareholder has held stock or the
                              place of the meeting during the       amount of stock held by any
                              meeting and may be inspected by       shareholder, a court may compel
                              any stockholder who is present at     production for examination by the
                              the meeting.                          shareholder of the books and
                                                                    records of account, minutes and
                                                                    record of shareholders of a
                                                                    corporation. The New Jersey
                                                                    Business Corporation Act also
                                                                    provides that shareholders have the
                                                                    right to inspect the list of
                                                                    shareholders entitled to vote at a
                                                                    meeting of shareholders for a
                                                                    reasonable period during any
                                                                    meeting of shareholders.

                                    Encad Stockholder Rights               Kodak Shareholder Rights
                              ------------------------------------- --------------------------------------

Special Meeting of            Encad's bylaws provide that either    Kodak's bylaws provide that the
  Stockholders                the chief executive officer or the    board of directors, the chairman of
                              chairman of the board of directors    the board or the president may call a
                              may call special meetings of the      special meeting of the shareholders.
                              stockholders. In addition, at the     In addition, the New Jersey
                              request in writing of a majority of   Business Corporation Act requires
                              the board of directors, the           that the chairman of the board or the
                              president or secretary may call       president call a special meeting of
                              special meetings of the               the shareholders at the written
                              stockholders.                         request of not less than 10% of all
                                                                    shares entitled to vote at a meeting
                                                                    of shareholders. The New Jersey
                                                                    Business Corporation Act also
                                                                    provides that the holders of at least
                                                                    10% of all shares entitled to vote at
                                                                    a meeting of shareholders may
                                                                    apply to the New Jersey Superior
                                                                    Court to request a special meeting
                                                                    of shareholders, for good cause.
Indemnification of Directors  Encad's certificate of                Kodak's bylaws provide that Kodak
  and Officers                incorporation and bylaws provide      will indemnify its directors and
                              that Encad's directors and officers   officers to the fullest extent
                              will be indemnified by Encad to       permitted by the New Jersey
                              the fullest extent permitted by the   Business Corporation Act.
                              Delaware General Corporation
                              Law.
Limitation on Damages         Encad's certificate of                Kodak's certificate of incorporation
                              incorporation provides that           provides that Kodak's directors and
                              Encad's directors will not be         officers will not be personally liable
                              personally liable for monetary        for monetary damages arising from
                              damages arising from a breach of      a breach of their fiduciary duties as
                              their fiduciary duties as directors,  directors or officers, except to the
                              subject to a number of important      extent that this exemption or
                              exceptions. Encad's bylaws require    limitation from liability is not
                              the indemnification of directors      permitted by the New Jersey
                              and executive officers to the fullest Business Corporation Act.
                              extent permitted by Delaware law.
Stockholders Rights Plan      Encad has adopted a stockholders      Kodak does not have a shareholders
                              rights plan designed to deter         rights plan.
                              coercive offers and un-approved
                              acquisitions of 15% of Encad's
                              outstanding shares of common
                              stock.

                                   Encad Stockholder Rights              Kodak Shareholder Rights
                              ----------------------------------- --------------------------------------

Mergers and Consolidations    The Delaware General Corporation    The New Jersey Business
                              Law governs the merger or           Corporation Act and Kodak's
                              consolidation of Encad and          certificate of incorporation govern
                              provides that mergers,              the merger or consolidation of
                              consolidations, sales or exchanges  Kodak and provides that mergers,
                              of all or substantially all of a    consolidations, sales or exchanges
                              corporation's assets, or the        of all or substantially all of a
                              dissolution of a corporation        corporation's assets, or the
                              generally require (1) the           dissolution of a corporation
                              affirmative vote of the board of    generally require (1) the affirmative
                              directors as well as (2) the        vote of the board of directors as
                              affirmative vote of a majority of   well as (2) the affirmative vote of
                              the outstanding stock of the        two-thirds of the outstanding stock
                              corporation entitled to vote on the of the corporation entitled to vote on
                              matter. There are important         the matter. There are important
                              exceptions to these provisions.     exceptions to these provisions.
Anti-Takeover Laws            The Delaware General Corporation    The New Jersey Shareholder
                              Law provides generally that a       Protection Act provides that no New
                              corporation may not engage in a     Jersey corporation may engage in
                              wide range of "business             any "business combination" with
                              combinations" with any person       any interested shareholder
                              who acquires 15% or more of a       (generally, a 10% or greater
                              corporation's voting stock, thereby shareholder) for a period of five
                              becoming an "interested             years following the interested
                              stockholder," for a period of three shareholder's stock acquisition,
                              years following the date the person unless approved by the board of
                              became an interested stockholder.   directors prior to the stock
                              There are important exceptions to   acquisition. In addition, that law
                              these provisions.                   provides that corporations may not
                                                                  engage at any time in a business
                                                                  combination with any interested
                                                                  shareholder other than (1) a
                                                                  business combination approved by
                                                                  the board of directors prior to the
                                                                  stock acquisition, (2) a business
                                                                  combination approved by the
                                                                  affirmative vote of the holders of
                                                                  two-thirds of the voting stock not
                                                                  beneficially owned by the interested
                                                                  shareholder, or (3) a business
                                                                  combination in which the interested
                                                                  shareholder meets the specified fair
                                                                  price criteria. There are important
                                                                  exceptions to these provisions.

                       DESCRIPTION OF KODAK COMMON STOCK

   The following is a brief description of Kodak's common stock.

   Dividend Rights. Each share of Kodak common stock ranks equally with all
other shares of Kodak common stock with respect to dividends. Dividends may be
declared by Kodak's board of directors and paid by Kodak at such times as the
board of directors determines, all pursuant to the provisions of the New Jersey
Business Corporation Act.

   Voting Rights. Each holder of Kodak common stock is entitled to one vote per
share. Kodak common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. Holders of
Kodak common stock are entitled to vote on all matters requiring shareholder
approval under New Jersey law and Kodak's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, and to elect the members of the board of directors. Directors are
divided into three classes, with each class, as nearly as possible, having the
same number of directors. At each annual meeting of the shareholders, the
directors chosen to succeed those whose terms have then expired are identified
as being of the same class as the directors they succeeded and are elected by
the shareholders for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting of
shareholders.

   Liquidation Rights. Holders of Kodak common stock are entitled on
liquidation to receive all assets that remain after payment to creditors and
holders of preferred stock.

   Preemptive or Other Rights. Holders of Kodak common stock are not entitled
to preemptive rights. There are no provisions for redemption, conversion
rights, sinking funds, or liability for further calls or assessments by Kodak
with respect to Kodak common stock.

   Anti-Takeover Protection. Under the New Jersey Shareholders Protection Act,
shareholders owning 10% or more of the voting power of some New Jersey
corporations, including Kodak, are prohibited from engaging in mergers or other
business combination transactions with the corporation, for a period of five
years, or longer in some circumstances, after the shareholder first acquired at
least 10% of the voting power. These restrictions are subject to important
exceptions.

                                    EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements of Kodak incorporated in this document
by reference to Kodak's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2000 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of
said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

   The consolidated financial statements of Encad incorporated in this document
by reference from Encad's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2000, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent
auditors, as stated in their report, which is incorporated herein by reference,
and have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such firm given
upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

   The validity of the shares of Kodak common stock that may be issued pursuant
to the terms of the merger agreement will be passed upon for Kodak by its
Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, Los
Angeles, California, will pass upon the tax consequences of the merger for
Encad.

                          FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   Statements included in or incorporated by reference into this document may
be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words like "anticipates," "expects," "intends,"
"plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates" or variations of those words and
similar expressions are meant to identify forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements, including statements concerning Kodak's or Encad's
expectations, strategic objectives, business prospects, anticipated economic
performance, financial condition and other similar matters, including without
limitation the matters discussed under the heading "Risk Factors Relating to
the Merger" and in Encad documents which are incorporated by reference under
the heading "Risks and Uncertainties," are subject to risks and uncertainties,
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in
the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date of the documents in which they are made. Kodak and Encad each disclaim any
obligation or undertaking to provide any update or revision to any
forward-looking statement made by it to reflect any change in Kodak's and
Encad's expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on
which the forward-looking statement is based. You should not place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements.

                      SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   If the merger is completed, Encad will not hold an annual stockholders
meeting in 2002. If Encad does hold an annual stockholders meeting, then in
order to have a stockholder proposal considered for inclusion in next year's
proxy statement for the 2002 annual meeting, Encad must receive the proposal no
later than December 28, 2001. In addition, the proxy solicited by Encad's board
of directors for the 2002 annual meeting of stockholders will confer
discretionary authority to vote on any stockholder proposal presented at that
meeting, unless Encad receives notice of the proposal no later than December
28, 2001. All stockholder proposals must be submitted in writing and must
conform to SEC regulations and Encad's bylaws. Stockholders submitting
proposals should direct them to Encad's Corporate Secretary at 6059 Cornerstone
Court West, San Diego, California 92121, using certified mail-return receipt
requested.

                        WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Kodak has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 to
register the shares of Kodak's common stock to be offered and sold in
connection with the merger. This document is a part of that registration
statement. As permitted by the SEC this document is Kodak's prospectus with
respect to the offer and sale of shares of its common stock and Encad's proxy
statement with respect to the solicitation by its board of directors to be used
at a special meeting of its stockholders to consider adoption of the merger
agreement. As also permitted by the SEC, this document does not contain all of
the information that is included in the registration statement or its exhibits.
Kodak will "de-register" the shares of Kodak common stock covered by the
registration statement if Kodak elects to pay the merger consideration in cash,
which it may do only under limited circumstances.

   Kodak and Encad both file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any
reports, statements or other information filed by either company, including
Kodak's registration statement related to the shares of common stock to be
issued in connection with the merger, at the SEC's public reference room at 450
Fifth Street N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. You can obtain information about the
SEC public reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also
maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC at www.sec.gov. You can obtain more information about Kodak and
the shares of common stock to be issued in the merger by reviewing the
registration statement, along with exhibits and schedules. Statements in this
document regarding the contents of any contract or other document are not
necessarily complete and you should refer to the copies of those contracts or
documents filed as exhibits to the registration statement. All statements in
this document are qualified in all respects by reference to the complete text
of those contracts and documents.

   All information concerning Kodak contained or incorporated by reference in
this document has been furnished by Kodak and all information concerning Encad
contained or incorporated by reference in this document has been furnished by
Encad.

   You should rely on the information contained or incorporated by reference in
this document to vote on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. Neither
Kodak nor Encad has authorized anyone to provide you with information that is
different from what is contained in this document. You should not assume that
the information contained in this document is accurate as of any date other
than the date of this document, and neither the mailing of this document to
stockholders nor the issuance of shares of Kodak common stock in connection
with the merger will create any other implication.

                SOME DOCUMENTS ARE "INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE"

   The SEC allows both Kodak and Encad to "incorporate by reference"
information into this document. This means that both Kodak and Encad may
disclose important information to you by referring you to another document
filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is
considered to be part of this document, except for any information modified or
superseded by information in or incorporated by reference in this document.
This document incorporates by reference the documents listed below that Kodak
and Encad have previously filed with the SEC. The documents contain important
information about both Kodak and Encad and their respective financial affairs.

Kodak's Filings with the SEC  Period
- ----------------------------- -----------------------------------

Annual Report on Form 10-K
  (File No. 1-87)             Fiscal year ended December 31, 2000
Quarterly Reports on Form     Quarters ended:
  10-Q (File No. 1-87)          March 31, 2001
                                June 30, 2001
                                September 30, 2001

Encad's Filings with the SEC  Period
- ----------------------------- -----------------------------------

Annual Report on Form 10-K
  (File No. 0-23034)          Fiscal year ended December 31, 2000
Quarterly Reports on Form     Quarters ended:
  10-Q (File No. 0-23034)       March 31, 2001
                                June 30, 2001
                                September 30, 2001
Current Report on Form 8-K
  (File No. 0-23034)          November 14, 2001

   Kodak and Encad each incorporate by reference into this document additional
documents that either of them may file with the SEC between the date of this
document and the date of the special meeting. These documents include periodic
reports, like Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as proxy statements.

   You can obtain copies of the documents incorporated by reference from Kodak
or Encad as applicable, or from the SEC or its web site as described above.
Documents incorporated by reference are available from Kodak and Encad without
charge, excluding all exhibits unless an exhibit has been specifically
incorporated by reference into this document. You may obtain documents
incorporated by reference in this document by requesting them in writing or by
telephone from the appropriate company at the following addresses:

For Kodak Documents:            For Encad Documents:

Eastman Kodak Company           ENCAD, Inc.
343 State Street                6059 Cornerstone Court West
Rochester, New York 14650-0218  San Diego, California 92121-3734
Attention: Shareholder Services Attention: Investor Relations
(585) 724-5492                  (888) 436-2347

 IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS FROM EITHER COMPANY, PLEASE DO SO BY ,
  2001 TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE SPECIAL MEETING OF THE ENCAD STOCKHOLDERS.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                        ANNEX A

                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                 by and among

                            EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY,

                            KODAK ACQUISITION CORP.

                                      and

                                  ENCAD, INC.

                         Dated as of November 14, 2001

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") has been made as of
November 14, 2001, by and among EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY, a New Jersey corporation
("Kodak"), KODAK ACQUISITION SUB, a Delaware corporation and a direct
wholly-owned Subsidiary of Kodak ("Sub"), and ENCAD, INC., a Delaware
corporation ("Encad").

   Whereas, the Corporate Finance Committee of Kodak, the respective boards of
directors of Sub and Encad, and Kodak acting as the sole stockholder of Sub,
have approved the merger, pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, of Sub with and into Encad (the "Merger"), whereby all of the
issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock, par value $.001 per share,
of Encad (the "Encad Common Stock"), will be converted into the right to
receive, as provided herein, either (i) a specified number of shares of the
Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share, of Kodak (the "Kodak Common Stock"),
or (ii) a specified amount of cash; and the parties each desire to make certain
representations, warranties and agreements in connection with the Merger and
also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger;

   Now, Therefore, in consideration of the premises and the representations,
warranties and covenants herein contained, the parties agree to effect the
Merger on the terms and subject to the conditions herein provided and further
agree as follows:

                            ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS
   1.1  Definitions.

   In addition to the other definitions contained in this Agreement, the
following terms will, when used in this Agreement, have the following
respective meanings:

      "Affiliate" means a Person which, directly or indirectly, controls, is
   controlled by, or is under common control with, the referenced party.

      "Business" means the business conducted by Encad and its Subsidiaries as
   of the date hereof, that being principally the design, development,
   manufacture and marketing of wide-format color inkjet printer systems.

      "Certifying Officers" means: (a) in the case of Encad, its Chief
   Executive Officer and its Vice President, General Counsel; and (b) in the
   case of Kodak, any one of its officers.

      "Claim" means any contest, claim, demand, assessment, action, suit, cause
   of action, complaint, litigation, proceeding, hearing, arbitration,
   investigation or notice involving any Person.

      "Closing" means the consummation of the Merger.

      "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, together with
   all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

      "Competition Laws" means and includes the Sherman Act, as amended, the
   Clayton Act, as amended, the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
   1976, as amended, the Federal Trade Commission Act, as amended, national
   competition Laws, European Union competition Laws and all other U.S. or
   non-U.S. Laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or
   regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint
   of trade.

      "Constituent Corporations" means Encad and Sub, as the constituent
   corporations of the Merger.

      "Contracts" means and includes all contracts, subcontracts, agreements,
   leases, licenses, sublicenses, options, notes, bonds, mortgages, indentures,
   deeds of trust, collateral assignments, obligations, instruments,
   concessions, guarantees, franchises, purchase orders, arrangements,
   commitments, undertakings and understandings of any kind, whether written or
   oral.

                                      A-1

      "Dissenting Shares" means shares of Encad Common Stock, if any, held by
   Persons who have not voted such shares in favor of adoption of this
   Agreement and with respect to which such Persons shall have perfected
   appraisal rights in accordance with the GCL.

      "Encad Disclosure Letter" means the letter, in the form approved by Kodak
   and delivered by Encad to Kodak concurrently with the execution and delivery
   of this Agreement, including subsequent amendments thereto contemplated by
   Section 11.4 of this Agreement.

      "Encad ESPP" means the Encad, Inc. 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as
   amended and restated through June 6, 2001.

      "Encad Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse change in or
   effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of
   Encad and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of the Surviving
   Corporation and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, but does not include
   changes or effects arising out of or otherwise occurring by virtue of: (a)
   general economic conditions, (b) conditions in the wide-format inkjet
   printer systems industry, (c) Kodak's commercial relationship with Encad,
   (d) changes in the trading price of the Encad Common Stock, (e) the
   announcement of new wide-format inkjet printers by Kodak, including printer
   model 5260; or (f) the public announcement of this Agreement and the
   transactions contemplated hereby.

      "Encad Option Plans" means the following equity incentive plans: (a) the
   Encad, Inc. 1993 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, as amended through July
   17, 1997; (b) the Encad, Inc. 1997 Supplemental Stock Option Plan, as
   amended December 6, 2000; (c) the Encad, Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan; and
   (d) the Encad, Inc. 1999 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, as amended and
   restated through June 6, 2001.

      "Encumbrances" means and includes all liens, charges, encumbrances,
   mortgages, pledges, security interests, options and any other restrictions
   or third party rights.

      "Environmental Laws" means, collectively, all U.S. and non-U.S. federal,
   national, state and local statutes, regulations, ordinances, codes,
   published guidelines and policies, directives and orders (including all
   amendments thereto) pertaining to environmental matters (which includes air,
   water vapor, surface water, groundwater, soil, natural resources, chemical
   use, health, safety and sanitation), including the Comprehensive
   Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the Resource
   Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act, the Federal Water
   Pollution Control Act, the Safe Water Drinking Act, the Toxic Substance
   Control Act and the Occupational Safety and Health Act.

      "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as
   amended, together with all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

      "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
   together with all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

      "Exchange Agent" means EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. or such other bank
   or trust company as Kodak may designate with the consent of Encad (which
   consent will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).

      "Financial Advisor" means Banc of America Securities LLC, the financial
   advisor of Encad.

      "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles, methods and
   practices set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting
   Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
   and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards
   Board or of such other Person as may be approved by a significant segment of
   the U.S. accounting profession, in each case as of the date or period at
   issue and applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved.

      "GCL" means the Delaware General Corporation Law.

                                      A-2

      "Governmental Entity" means any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, state
   or local court, legislative body, governmental or quasi-governmental body,
   municipality, political subdivision, department, commission, board, bureau,
   tribunal, department, administration, council, agency, arbitrator, authority
   or other instrumentality.

      "Hazardous Substances" means and includes: (a) any hazardous materials,
   hazardous wastes, hazardous substances and toxic substances as those or
   similar terms are defined under any Environmental Law; (b) any asbestos or
   any material that contains any hydrated mineral silicate, including
   chrysolite, amosite, crocidolite, tremolite, anthophylite and/or actinolite,
   whether friable or non-friable; (c) any polychlorinated biphenyls or
   polychlorinated biphenyl-containing materials or fluids; (d) radon; (e) any
   other hazardous, radioactive, toxic or noxious substance, material,
   pollutant, contaminant or solid, liquid or gaseous waste; (f) any petroleum,
   petroleum hydrocarbons, petroleum products, crude oil or any fractions
   thereof, natural gas or synthetic gas; and (h) any substance that, whether
   by its nature or its use, is or becomes subject to regulation under any
   Environmental Laws or with respect to which any Environmental Laws or
   Governmental Entity requires or will require environmental investigation,
   monitoring or remediation.

      "Intellectual Property" means patents, inventions, trade secrets,
   concepts, know-how, copyrights (whether registered or unregistered), works
   of authorship, trademarks (whether registered or unregistered), service
   marks (whether registered or unregistered), mask works, trade names, trade
   dress, product names, slogans, logos and internet domain names, including
   registrations and applications of any of the foregoing, software, firmware,
   object code, source code, specifications, processes, drawings, designs,
   technology, methods, techniques, formulae and proprietary information and
   documents incorporating any similar rights, including technical reports and
   laboratory data (in all media).

      "IRS" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

      "Kodak Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse change in or
   effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of
   Kodak and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, but does not include changes or
   effects arising out of or otherwise occurring by virtue of: (a) general
   economic conditions, (b) conditions in the consumer and commercial imaging
   industry, (c) Kodak's commercial relationship with Encad, (d) changes in the
   trading price of the Kodak Common Stock, (e) the announcement of new
   products by Kodak; or (f) the public announcement of this Agreement and the
   transactions contemplated hereby.

      "Laws" means, collectively, all U.S. and non-U.S. laws, statutes,
   rulings, rules, regulations, judgments, orders, decrees, awards,
   injunctions, writs, requirements, permits, certificates and ordinances of
   any Governmental Entity, as in effect from time to time.

      "Market Price" means the average of the closing sales price per share of
   the Kodak Common Stock as reported on the NYSE's Web Site for the ten
   Trading Days ending on and including the second Trading Day preceding the
   date of the Meeting.

      "Meeting" means a special meeting of the stockholders of Encad called by
   the board of directors of Encad for the purpose of considering and voting on
   a proposal to adopt this Agreement.

      "NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange.

      "Outstanding Options" means those options issued under the Encad Option
   Plans and outstanding (and not exercised or terminated) as of the date in
   question, which consist of: (a) options issued and outstanding on the date
   hereof and representing the right to purchase, in the aggregate, no more
   than 1,633,168 shares of Encad Common Stock, as set forth in section
   4.2(c)(i) of the Encad Disclosure Letter; and (b) options granted after the
   date hereof and prior to the Effective Time in accordance with the
   provisions of Section 6.3(b).

      "Outstanding Purchase Rights" means those rights to purchase, on or
   before December 31, 2001, shares of Encad Common Stock under the Encad ESPP
   and outstanding (and not exercised or terminated) as of the date in question.

                                      A-3

      "Permitted Encumbrance" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.9.

      "Person" means and includes any individual, partnership, corporation,
   trust, company, unincorporated organization, joint venture or other entity,
   and any Governmental Entity.

      "Proxy Statement" means: (a) the letter to the stockholders of Encad in
   connection with the Meeting; (b) the notice of the Meeting; (c) the form of
   proxy to be distributed to the stockholders of Encad in connection with the
   Meeting; and (d) the information contained or incorporated in the
   Registration Statement that comprises the proxy statement disclosure
   required pursuant to the Exchange Act.

      "Proxy Statement/Prospectus" means the Proxy State-ment/Pro-spectus that
   forms a part of the Registration Statement, including all supplements
   thereto.

      "Record Holder" means a holder of record of Encad Common Stock as of the
   date in question, as shown on the regularly maintained stock transfer
   records of Encad.

      "Registration Statement" means the registration statement filed with the
   SEC by Kodak in connection with the offer and sale of Stock Merger
   Consideration, including all amendments thereto.

      "Release" has the same meaning as given it by the Comprehensive
   Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended,
   and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

      "Rights Agreement" means that certain Rights Agreement, dated as of March
   19, 1998, as amended, between Encad and Harris Trust Company of California,
   as Rights Agent.

      "SEC " means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

      "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, together
   with all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

      "Standard Encad Contracts" means Contracts to which Encad or any of its
   Subsidiaries is a party in the form of any of the following: NovaStar
   Distributor Agreement, NovaStar Solution Provider Agreement [Domestic],
   NovaStar Solution Provider Agreement [Canada], International Distributor
   Agreement, International NovaStar Solution Provider Agreement [Europe],
   Latin America International Distributor Agreement, International Distributor
   Agreement [Asia], and Global System Integrator Reseller Agreement, Joint
   Supplier/Service Agreements, Independent Software Vendor Agreements,
   NovaStar Demo Unit Agreement, Strategic Partner Program Agreements, End-User
   License Agreements for Encad Software and purchase orders issued by Encad
   incorporating Encad's standard terms and conditions.

      "Stockholder Approval" means adoption of this Agreement by the
   affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Encad Common Stock
   outstanding on the record date for the vote.

      "Stock Rights" means, collectively, options, warrants, calls, rights,
   Claims (asserted or, to Encad's knowledge, threatened), commitments or
   Contracts to which Encad or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which
   any of them is bound obligating Encad or any of its Subsidiaries to issue,
   deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, any shares of
   capital stock or any Voting Debt of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries, or
   obligating Encad or any of its Subsidiaries to grant, extend or enter into
   any such option, warrant, call, right or Contract. As used herein, "Stock
   Rights" includes stock appreciation rights and similar rights payable in
   cash but having reference to shares of capital stock or Voting Debt of Encad
   or any of its Subsidiaries.

      "Subsidiary" means, with respect to any Person, any corporation,
   partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which such Person,
   directly or indirectly through an Affiliate, owns an amount of voting
   securities, or possesses other ownership interests, having the power, direct
   or indirect, to elect a majority of the board of directors or other
   governing body thereof.

      "Surviving Corporation" means Encad, as the surviving corporation of the
   Merger.

                                      A-4

      "Taxes" means, collectively, U.S. and non-U.S. federal, national, state
   and local income, payroll, withholding, employment, excise, sales, use, real
   and personal property, use and occupancy, business and occupation, gross
   receipts, mercantile, real estate, capital stock and franchise or other
   taxes, duties or assessments of any nature whatsoever, including all
   penalties and interest thereon and estimated taxes.

      "Technical Documentation" means all technical and descriptive materials
   relating to the acquisition, design, development, use or maintenance of
   computer code and hardware adapted for use in conjunction with computer
   code, and program documentation and materials.

      "Trading Day" means any day on which the NYSE is open for trading.

      "U.S." means the United States of America.

      "Violation" means that the referenced fact or event: (a) conflicts with,
   or results in any violation of, or a default (with or without notice or
   lapse of time, or both) under, or gives rise to a right of termination,
   cancellation or acceleration of any obligation or the loss of a material
   benefit under, or the creation of an Encumbrance (other than a Permitted
   Encumbrance) on assets in connection with, the referenced Contract or other
   document; or (b) conflicts with, or results in any violation (with or
   without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or gives rise to any
   damages, penalty or remedial action under, the referenced Law.

      "Voting Debt" means bonds, debentures, notes or other evidences of
   indebtedness having the right to vote (or convertible into securities having
   the right to vote) on any matters on which the stockholders of the issuer
   thereof may vote.

   1.2 Interpretation.

   In this Agreement, unless the express context otherwise requires:

      (a) the words "herein," "hereof" and "hereunder" and words of similar
   import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
   provision of this Agreement;

      (b) references to "Article" or "Section" are to the respective Articles
   and Sections of this Agreement, and references to "Exhibit" are to the
   respective Exhibits annexed hereto;

      (c) references to a "party" means a party to this Agreement and include
   references to such party's successors and permitted assigns;

      (d) references to a "third party" means a Person that is neither a party
   to this Agreement nor an Affiliate thereof;

      (e) the terms "dollars" and "$" means U.S. dollars;

      (f) references to a party's "knowledge" or any similar phrase means (i)
   in the case of Encad, the collective actual knowledge of the senior
   management personnel of Encad after due inquiry, or (ii) in the case of
   Kodak, the collective actual knowledge of the senior management personnel of
   Kodak after due inquiry;

      (g) terms defined in the singular have a comparable meaning when used in
   the plural, and vice versa;

      (h) the masculine pronoun includes the feminine and the neuter, and vice
   versa, as appropriate in the context; and

      (i) wherever the word "include," "includes" or "including" is used in
   this Agreement, it will be deemed to be followed by the words "without
   limitation."

                             ARTICLE 2. THE MERGER

   2.1 Effective Time of the Merger.

   Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Merger will be consummated
by the filing by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of a
certificate of merger, in such form as required by, and signed and attested in
accordance with, the relevant provisions of the GCL (the time of such filing or
such later time and date as is specified in such filing being the "Effective
Time").

                                      A-5

   2.2 Closing.

   The Closing will take place at 10:00 a.m., local time, on the earliest
Trading Day practicable after all of the conditions set forth in Article 9 are
satisfied or waived by the appropriate party (the "Closing Date"), at the
offices of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, 12390 El Camino Real, San Diego,
California 92130, unless another time, date or place is agreed to in writing by
the parties.

   2.3 Effects of the Merger.

   By virtue of the Merger and without the necessity of any action by or on
behalf of the Constituent Corporations, or either of them:

      (a) at the Effective Time, (i) the separate existence of Sub will cease
   and Sub will be merged with and into Encad, (ii) the certificate of
   incorporation and bylaws of Sub as in effect immediately prior to the
   Effective Time will be the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the
   Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended, and (iii) the directors and
   officers of Sub in office immediately prior to the Effective Time will
   become the only directors and officers, respectively, of the Surviving
   Corporation; and

      (b) at and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will
   possess all the rights, privileges, powers and franchises of a public as
   well as of a private nature, and be subject to all the restrictions,
   disabilities and duties, of each of the Constituent Corporations; and all
   property, real, personal and mixed, and all debts due to either of the
   Constituent Corporations on whatever account, as well for stock
   subscriptions as all other things in action or belonging to each of the
   Constituent Corporations will be vested in the Surviving Corporation; and
   all property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises, and all and every
   other interest will be thereafter as effectually the property of the
   Surviving Corporation as they were of the respective Constituent
   Corporations, and the title to any real estate vested by deed or otherwise,
   in either of the Constituent Corporations, will not revert or be in any way
   impaired; but all rights of creditors and all Encumbrances upon any property
   of either of the Constituent Corporations will be preserved unimpaired, and
   all debts, liabilities and duties of the respective Constituent Corporations
   will thenceforth attach to the Surviving Corporation, and may be enforced
   against it to the same extent as if such debts, liabilities and duties had
   been incurred or contracted by it.

                 ARTICLE 3. EFFECT OF MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK

   3.1 Effect on Capital Stock.

   As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of any holder of shares of Encad Common Stock or of shares of the
capital stock of Sub:

      (a) Capital Stock of Sub. Each issued and outstanding share of the
   capital stock of Sub will be converted into the right to receive one fully
   paid and non-assessable share of the capital stock of the Surviving
   Corporation.

      (b) Cancellation of Treasury Stock. Shares of Encad Common Stock, if any,
   that are held by Encad as treasury stock will be cancelled and retired and
   will cease to exist, and no Merger Consideration or other consideration will
   be delivered in exchange therefor. Shares of Kodak Common Stock, if any,
   owned by Encad as of the Effective Time will remain unaffected by the Merger.

      (c) Exchanged Shares; Determination of Merger Consideration.

          (i) "Exchanged Shares" means all shares of Encad Common Stock issued
       and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time other than (a)
       Dissenting Shares (if cash consideration is paid) and (b) shares of
       Encad Common Stock, if any, held by Encad as treasury stock.

                                      A-6

          (ii) Except as otherwise provided by Section 3.1(c)(iii), the
       consideration payable in the Merger will be in the form of shares of
       Kodak Common Stock, and will consist of that fractional number of fully
       paid and non-assessable shares of Kodak Common Stock per Exchanged Share
       that results from dividing (A) $2.00 by (B) the Market Price (the "Stock
       Merger Consideration"); subject, however, to the adjustment provided by
       the following sentence. In the event of any stock dividend, subdivision,
       reclassification, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares or
       the like affecting shares of Kodak Common Stock between the date of this
       Agreement and the Effective Time, the Stock Merger Consideration will be
       appropriately adjusted so that each Record Holder will receive in the
       Merger for his Exchanged Shares the number of shares of Kodak Common
       Stock that he would have been entitled to receive as Stock Merger
       Consideration if the Effective Time had been immediately prior to such
       event.

          (iii) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.1(c)(ii), in the
       event that the Market Price is less than $27.00, then at Kodak's sole
       election, exercised by giving written notice to Encad at or before the
       close of business on the Trading Day prior to the date of the Meeting,
       the consideration payable in the Merger will instead be in the form of
       cash, and will consist of $2.00 per Exchanged Share (the "Cash Merger
       Consideration"). If Kodak does not make such election, then the
       consideration payable in the Merger will be the Stock Merger
       Consideration.

          (iv) "Merger Consideration" means either the Stock Merger
       Consideration or the Cash Merger Consideration, as applicable pursuant
       to the provisions of Sections 3.1(c)(ii) and 3.1(c)(iii). In no event
       will the Merger Consideration consist of both the Stock Merger
       Consideration and the Cash Merger Consideration.

      (d) Exchange of Exchanged Shares for Merger Consideration. As of the
   Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part
   of any holder of shares of Encad Common Stock, each issued and outstanding
   Exchanged Share will be converted into the right to receive the Merger
   Consideration, payable to the Record Holders of Exchanged Shares at the
   Effective Time. As of the Effective Time, and except as otherwise provided
   by Section 3.1(a), all shares of Encad Common Stock will no longer be
   outstanding and will automatically be cancelled and retired and will cease
   to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any such shares will
   cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive
   the Merger Consideration therefor, without interest, upon the surrender of
   such certificate in accordance with Section 3.2.

      (e) Outstanding Options.

          (i) Each Outstanding Option granted pursuant to (x) the Encad, Inc.
       1993 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, (y) the Automatic Option Grant
       Program, the Salary Reduction Option Grant Program or the Director Fee
       Option Grant Program of the Encad, Inc. 1998 Stock Option Plan, or (z)
       the Automatic Option Grant Program of the Encad, Inc. 1999 Stock
       Option/Stock Issuance Plan, will, in accordance with the provisions of
       the applicable plan, become exercisable, immediately prior to the
       Effective Time, for any or all of the shares of Encad Common Stock
       subject to such option, and the holder of each such option will
       accordingly have the right either: (A) to exercise that option, in full
       or in part, immediately prior to the Effective Time and have the shares
       of Encad Common Stock acquired upon such exercise be exchanged in the
       Merger for the Merger Consideration pursuant to Section 3.1(d), or (B)
       to have that option, to the extent unexercised at the Effective Time,
       cancelled for a cash payment in accordance with Section 3.1(e)(ii).

          (ii) Each Outstanding Option that is not exercised prior to the
       Effective Time will, at the Effective Time, be cancelled, and the holder
       of each such cancelled Outstanding Option will, in consideration
       therefor, receive an amount in cash computed by multiplying: (A) the
       amount by which $2.00 exceeds the per share exercise price of such
       Outstanding Option, by (B) the number of shares of Encad Common Stock
       subject to such Outstanding Option, whether or not that Outstanding
       Option would have otherwise been exercisable for those shares at the
       time of cancellation. However, each Outstanding Option having a per
       share exercise price that equals or exceeds $2.00 will be cancelled

                                      A-7

       without any payment therefor made to the holder thereof. Kodak will make
       the payments required to be made to holders of Outstanding Options under
       this Section 3.1(e)(ii) at the Effective Time, without interest, subject
       to any applicable Tax withholding requirements.

          (iii) At the Effective Time, each of the Encad Option Plans will
       terminate.

      (f) Outstanding Purchase Rights. Outstanding Purchase Rights will have
   been exercised, in accordance with the provisions of the Encad ESPP, on or
   before December 31, 2001, and the shares of Encad Common Stock so purchased
   will be exchanged in the Merger for the Merger Consideration pursuant to
   Section 3.1(d)

   3.2 Exchange of Certificates for Merger Consideration.

      (a) Exchange Fund. Kodak will deposit with the Exchange Agent, for the
   benefit of the holders of Exchanged Shares and for exchange in accordance
   with this Article 3, through the Exchange Agent, either (i) certificates (in
   the case of the Stock Merger Consideration) or (ii) funds (in the case of
   the Cash Merger Consideration), in either case representing the aggregate
   Merger Consideration for the Exchanged Shares (collectively, the "Exchange
   Fund"). Kodak will make such deposit as soon as reasonably necessary to
   permit the Exchange Agent to perform its obligations hereunder, but in no
   event will such deposit be made later than the Closing Date.

      (b) Exchange Procedures. As soon as reasonably practicable after the
   Effective Time, the Exchange Agent will mail to each Record Holder, as of
   the close of business on the date during which the Effective Time occurs, of
   one or more certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time
   represented any Exchanged Shares (the "Certificates"): (i) a letter of
   transmittal (which will specify that delivery of the Certificates will be
   effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates will pass, only
   upon delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent, and will be in
   customary form and have such other provisions as Kodak may reasonably
   specify); and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the
   Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a
   Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or
   agents as may be appointed by Kodak, together with such letter of
   transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate will be entitled
   to receive in exchange therefor either: (A) in the case of the Stock Merger
   Consideration, one or more certificates representing the Stock Merger
   Consideration which such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the
   provisions of this Article 3, together with a check representing the cash,
   if any, referred to in Sections 3.2(c) and 3.2(d); or (B) in the case of the
   Cash Merger Consideration, a check representing the Cash Merger
   Consideration which such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the
   provisions of this Article 3; and, in either case, the Certificate so
   surrendered will forthwith be cancelled. Kodak will pay any transfer or
   similar Taxes required by reason of the issuance of a certificate
   representing shares of Kodak Common Stock as Stock Merger Consideration
   provided that such certificate is issued in the name of the Record Holder of
   the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor. Kodak will not pay or be
   responsible for any transfer or other Taxes if the obligation to pay such
   Taxes is solely that of the stockholder or, in the case of the Stock Merger
   Consideration, if payment of any such Taxes by Kodak would cause the Merger
   to fail to qualify as a tax-free reorganization under section 368 of the
   Code. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Encad Common Stock which is
   not registered in the transfer records of Encad, the Merger Consideration
   may be issued to the transferee if the Certificate representing such Encad
   Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent accompanied by all documents
   required by the Exchange Agent to evidence and effect such transfer and by
   evidence that any applicable stock transfer Taxes have been paid. In the
   case of any lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate, the holder thereof may be
   required, as a condition precedent to delivery to him of the Merger
   Consideration, to deliver to Kodak such affidavit and personal indemnity as
   Kodak may reasonably request with respect to the Certificate alleged to have
   been lost, stolen or destroyed. Until surrendered as contemplated by this
   Section 3.2, each Certificate will be deemed at any time after the Effective
   Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger
   Consideration and, in the case of the Stock Merger Consideration, the cash,
   if any, referred to in Sections 3.2(c) and 3.2(d).

                                      A-8

      (c) No Fractional Shares of Stock Merger Consideration. In the case of
   the Stock Merger Consideration: (i) no fractional share of Kodak Common
   Stock will be issued in the Merger; (ii) each Record Holder will be entitled
   to receive in lieu of any fractional share of Kodak Common Stock to which he
   otherwise would have been entitled (after taking into account all Exchanged
   Shares then held of record by such Record Holder) cash, payable by check,
   computed on the basis of the closing sales price of Kodak Common Stock as
   reported on the NYSE's Web Site for the Trading Day during which the
   Effective Time occurs, without interest; and (iii) Kodak will make available
   to the Exchange Agent cash in an amount sufficient to make all such payments
   in lieu of fractional shares.

      (d) Dividends and Distributions on Stock Merger Consideration. In the
   case of the Stock Merger Consideration: (i) holders of Certificates will not
   be entitled to dividends or other distributions with respect to Kodak Common
   Stock having a record date prior to the Effective Time; (ii) no dividends or
   other distributions with respect to Kodak Common Stock having a record date
   on or after the Effective Time will be paid to the Record Holder of any
   unsurrendered Certificate until such holder surrenders such Certificate (or
   provides the affidavit and indemnity referred to in Section 3.2(b)); and
   (iii) subject to the effect of applicable Laws, following surrender of any
   such Certificate (or provision of such affidavit and indemnity), there will
   be paid to the record holder of shares of Kodak Common Stock issued in
   exchange therefor: (A) at the time of such surrender, the amount of any
   dividends or other distributions having a record date on or after the
   Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such shares of Kodak Common
   Stock, without interest; and (B) at the appropriate payment date, the amount
   of any dividends or other distributions having a record date on or after the
   Effective Time but prior to surrender, and a payment date subsequent to
   surrender, payable with respect to such shares of Kodak Common Stock,
   without interest.

      (e) No Further Ownership Rights in Encad Common Stock. All Merger
   Consideration issued upon the surrender for exchange of shares of Encad
   Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof (including, in the case of
   the Stock Merger Consideration, any cash paid pursuant to Sections 3.2(c) or
   3.2(d)) will be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all
   rights pertaining to such shares of Encad Common Stock, and there will be no
   further registration of transfers of the shares of Encad Common Stock (other
   than shares held directly or indirectly by Kodak) after the Effective Time.
   If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving
   Corporation or its transfer agent for any reason, such Certificates will be
   cancelled and exchanged as provided by this Article 3.

      (f) Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which
   remains undistributed to holders of Certificates at the end of six months
   after the Effective Time will be delivered to Kodak upon demand by Kodak,
   and any holders of Certificates who have not theretofore complied with this
   Article 3 will thereafter look only to Kodak for payment of their claim for
   Merger Consideration (and, in the case of the Stock Merger Consideration,
   the cash, if any, referred to in Sections 3.2(c) and 3.2(d)).

      (g) No Liability. Neither Kodak, Encad nor the Surviving Corporation will
   be liable to any holder of shares of Encad Common Stock or Kodak Common
   Stock, as the case may be, for the Merger Consideration (and, in the case of
   the Stock Merger Consideration, cash in lieu of fractional shares and
   dividends or distributions with respect thereto, if any) delivered to a
   public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
   similar Law.

   3.3 Dissenting Shares.

   Any Dissenting Shares shall not be converted into, or be exchangeable for,
the right to receive Cash Merger Consideration but shall instead be converted
into the right to receive such consideration as may be determined to be due
with respect to such Dissenting Shares pursuant to the GCL unless and until
under the GCL the Dissenting Shares cease to be Dissenting Shares. Encad shall
give Kodak prompt notice of any Dissenting Shares and all notices or demands
with respect thereto (and shall also give Kodak prompt notice of any
withdrawals of such demands for appraisal rights) and Kodak shall have the
right to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands.
Encad shall not, except with the prior written consent of Kodak, voluntarily
make any

                                      A-9

payments with respect to, or settle or offer to settle, any such demand for
appraisal rights. Payments with respect to Dissenting Shares will be made only
as required by the GCL and will be made by the Surviving Corporation from its
own separate funds, unless Kodak elects, in its discretion, to provide all or
any portion thereof. If, after the Effective Time, any Dissenting Shares shall
lose their status as Dissenting Shares, Kodak shall issue and deliver, upon
surrender by such stockholder of a Certificate, the Cash Consideration to which
such stockholder would otherwise be entitled pursuant to this Article 3,
without interest.

              ARTICLE 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ENCAD

   Encad represents and warrants to Kodak and to Sub as follows:

   4.1 Organization, Standing and Power.

   Encad is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Each of Encad's Subsidiaries is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. Each of Encad and its
Subsidiaries has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate
its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted and, except
as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
an Encad Material Adverse Effect, is duly qualified and in good standing to do
business in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the
ownership or leasing of its properties makes such qualification necessary.
Encad has heretofore made available to Kodak true, correct and complete copies
of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as currently in effect, of
Encad and each of its Subsidiaries, and has made available to Kodak true,
correct and complete minute books and stock records of Encad and each of its
Subsidiaries. Set forth in section 4.1 of the Encad Disclosure Letter is a
complete list of: (a) each Subsidiary of Encad, its jurisdiction of
organization and Encad's ownership percentage thereof; (b) the jurisdictions in
which the nature of the business of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries, or the
ownership or leasing of their respective properties, makes qualification as a
foreign corporation necessary; and (c) the Persons (other than Subsidiaries) in
which Encad or any of its Subsidiaries has an equity interest, and the
ownership percentage thereof in each such Person. Except as set forth in
section 4.1 of the Encad Disclosure Letter, all of the outstanding capital
stock of, or other ownership interests in, each Subsidiary of Encad is owned
directly or indirectly by Encad, free and clear of all asserted and, to Encad's
knowledge, threatened title defects, Claims and Encumbrances.

   4.2 Capital Structure.

      (a) The authorized capital stock of Encad consists entirely of: (i)
   5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share, including
   600,000 shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
   (collectively, the "Encad Preferred Stock"), and (ii) 60,000,000 shares of
   Encad Common Stock.

      (b) As of November 13, 2001: (i) no shares of Encad Preferred Stock, and
   12,001,351 shares of Encad Common Stock, are issued and outstanding; and
   (ii) no shares of Encad Preferred Stock, and no shares of Encad Common
   Stock, are issued and held in the treasury of Encad.

      (c) No Person holds any Stock Rights, except for: (i) the Outstanding
   Options which are set forth in section 4.2(c)(i) of the Encad Disclosure
   Letter; (ii) the Outstanding Purchase Rights; and (iii) rights under the
   Rights Agreement, which rights will be redeemed prior to Closing as
   contemplated by Section 6.15.

      (d) Except for the shares of Encad Common Stock previously authorized for
   issuance under the Encad Option Plans and the Encad ESPP, no shares of Encad
   Preferred Stock or Encad Common Stock are reserved for issuance for any
   purpose.

      (e) No shares of Encad Preferred Stock or Encad Common Stock are held by
   any of Encad's Subsidiaries.

      (f) No Voting Debt is issued or outstanding.

      (g) All outstanding shares of Encad Common Stock are validly issued,
   fully paid and non-assessable.

      (h) No shares of Encad Preferred Stock or Encad Common Stock are subject
   to preemptive rights.

                                     A-10

   4.3 Authority; Binding Effect.

   Encad has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and, subject to Stockholder Approval, to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action on the part of Encad, subject to Stockholder
Approval. The board of directors of Encad has, as of the date of this
Agreement, duly adopted resolutions which (a) approve and adopt this Agreement
and the consummation of the Merger and (b) recommend that this Agreement be
adopted by the holders of Encad Common Stock. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by Encad and, assuming the due execution and delivery
hereof by Kodak and Sub, and subject to Stockholder Approval, constitutes the
valid and binding obligation of Encad, enforceable against Encad in accordance
with its terms, except as the enforceability hereof may be limited by (i)
bankruptcy, insolvency or other Laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights
generally, and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

   4.4 No Conflict.

   The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Encad does not, and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and the fulfillment of its
obligations and undertakings hereunder will not, result in any Violation (other
than Violations, if any, arising solely out of the failure to obtain a Required
Approval or related to the acceleration of rights under Encad Option Plans or
under the management letter agreements referred to in Section 4.14 of the Encad
Disclosure Letter) of any provision of: (a) the certificate of incorporation or
bylaws of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries; (b) any Contract applicable to
Encad, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets; or (c) any
Law applicable to Encad, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
assets; except, in the case of Contracts and Laws, for Violations which could
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, any
adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or an Encad
Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in section 4.4 of the Encad
Disclosure Letter, no consent, approval, order or authorization of, or
registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any Governmental Entity
or other third party is required by or with respect to Encad or any of its
Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by
Encad or the consummation by Encad of the transactions contemplated hereby
(each, a "Required Approval"), except for: (i) filings and notices required
under Competition Laws; (ii) the filing by the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware contemplated by Section 2.1; and (iii) filings required under the
Exchange Act.

   4.5 Encad SEC Documents.

   Encad has made available to Kodak a true, correct and complete copy of
Encad's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2001, June 30,
2001, and September 30, 2001, current reports on Form 8-K filed at any time
between December 31, 2000 and the date hereof, and definitive proxy statement
for the annual meeting of stockholders of Encad held on June 6, 2001, in each
case including all amendments thereof and all as filed by Encad with the SEC
(collectively, the "Encad SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, the
Encad SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and none of the Encad
SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The financial statements of Encad included in the Encad SEC
Documents (collectively, the "Financial Statements"), comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules
and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in
the case of the unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) and
fairly present (subject, in the case of the unaudited statements, to normal,
recurring audit adjustments), in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Encad and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the dates
thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended.

                                     A-11

   4.6 No Additional Material Liabilities.

   Except as set forth in the Financial Statements or in section 4.6 of the
Encad Disclosure Letter: (a) neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries had, as
of September 30, 2001, any material liabilities or accrued expenses, whether
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, of a kind or character that would
be required (in accordance with GAAP) to be reflected in the consolidated
balance sheet of Encad as of September 30, 2001; (b) since September 30, 2001,
except for trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course
of business, neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any such
liabilities; and (c) since September 30, 2001, neither Encad nor any of its
Subsidiaries has drawn down on any line of credit. All liabilities of Encad and
its Subsidiaries incurred since September 30, 2001 have been properly recorded
in their books and records in accordance with GAAP.

   4.7  Information Supplied.

   The information supplied or to be supplied by Encad for inclusion in the
Registration Statement, including the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, will, at the
time the Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act, not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make such information not
misleading. The Proxy Statement will, on the date it is mailed to Encad's
stockholders and at the time of the Meeting, not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Encad makes no representation or warranty with respect to: (a) any
information contained or incorporated in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus that
was furnished by Kodak; (b) the adequacy or completeness of the opinion
delivered by the Financial Advisor and contained in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, except that Encad knows of no facts not reported to the
Financial Advisor which would materially adversely affect such opinion; or (c)
the opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP forming part of the audited financial
statements contained or incorporated by reference in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus.

   4.8 Encad Permits; Compliance with Laws.

   (a) Section 4.8 of the Encad Disclosure Letter contains a complete and
accurate list, as of the date hereof, of all licenses, permits, certificates,
registrations, accreditations, orders, franchises, authorizations, approvals,
consents, variances and exemptions of any Governmental Entity which are
necessary for the operation of the Business as currently operated and which are
held by Encad or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Encad Permits"),
including the respective termination dates thereof. Except as could not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, an Encad
Material Adverse Effect: (i) Encad or its Subsidiaries duly hold all Encad
Permits; (ii) all of the Encad Permits are in full force and effect; (iii) each
of Encad and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with the terms of each of the
Encad Permits; and (iv) no action is pending or, to the knowledge of Encad,
threatened or recommended by any Governmental Entity to revoke, condition,
withdraw or suspend any Encad Permit.

   (b) The businesses of each of Encad and its Subsidiaries are being, and
since January 1, 1996 have been, conducted in compliance with all Laws, except
for such Violations that could not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of
Encad, no investigation or review by any Governmental Entity with respect to
Encad or any of its Subsidiaries is pending or threatened nor, to the knowledge
of Encad, has any Governmental Entity indicated an intention to conduct the
same.

   4.9  Assets; Title; Absence of Liens and Encumbrances.

   Except with respect to Intellectual Property (which is instead the subject
of Section 4.11), Encad and its Subsidiaries collectively own or validly lease
all properties and assets, real, personal and mixed, tangible and intangible,
comprising and employed in the operation of or associated with the Business.
Except for leased assets, each of Encad and its Subsidiaries has good and
marketable title to any of their respective assets, including those reflected
in the consolidated balance sheet of Encad as of September 30, 2001, free and
clear of

                                     A-12

all asserted and, to Encad's knowledge, threatened title defects, Claims and
Encumbrances except, with respect to all such assets, the following
Encumbrances (collectively, "Permitted Encumbrances"): (a) Encumbrances
securing debt reflected as liabilities in the Financial Statements, which
Encumbrances are listed in section 4.9 of the Encad Disclosure Letter; (b)
mechanics', carriers', workers', repairmen's, statutory or common law liens
being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings, which contested
liens are listed in section 4.9 of the Encad Disclosure Letter; (c) liens for
current Taxes not yet due and payable which have been fully reserved against,
or which, if due, are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings, which contested liens are listed in section 4.9 of the Encad
Disclosure Letter; (d) such imperfections of title, easements and Encumbrances,
if any, against the Real Property as are set forth in the Leases or which are
not, individually or in the aggregate, substantial in character, amount or
extent, and do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially detract from
the value, or interfere with the present use, of the Real Property or otherwise
have an Encad Material Adverse Effect; and (e) those additional Encumbrances
listed in section 4.9 of the Encad Disclosure Letter.

   4.10 Real Property.

   (a) Neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any real property.
Section 4.10(a) of the Encad Disclosure Letter is a true, correct and complete
list of all real property leased, operated or used by Encad or any of its
Subsidiaries (collectively, the "Real Property").

   (b) To Encad's knowledge, the Real Property currently conforms to and
complies with, all covenants, conditions, restrictions, reservations, land use,
zoning, health, fire, water and building codes and other applicable Laws,
except for failures of conformance or compliance which could not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse
Effect, and no such Laws prohibit or limit or condition the use or operation of
the Business or the Real Property as currently used and operated. There is no
pending or, to Encad's knowledge, contemplated, threatened or anticipated
change in the zoning classification of any of the Real Property or any portion
thereof.

   4.11  Intellectual Property.

   (a) "Encad Intellectual Property" means all of the following that are used
or held for use in, related to or arise out of the Business or its products or
services:

      (i) the patents and patent applications listed in section 4.11(a)(i) of
   the Encad Disclosure Letter, together with any division, continuation,
   continuation-in-part, continuing prosecution application, continued
   examination application, reinstatement, reexamination, revival, reissue,
   extension or substitution of any thereof, and corresponding foreign
   applications, patents and rights thereto, including any and all rights to
   damages and remedies for any infringement prior to the Effective Time
   (collectively, the "Patents");

      (ii) all trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, product
   names, product configurations, slogans and logos, applications and
   registrations, including those listed in section 4.11(a)(ii) of the Encad
   Disclosure Letter, and corresponding foreign applications, registrations and
   rights thereto, whether or not registered (collectively, the "Trademarks");

      (iii) all source code, object code, design documentation and procedures
   for product generation and testing of all computer software and firmware,
   including the software and firmware listed in section 4.11(a)(iii) of the
   Encad Disclosure Letter and including the software rules and algorithms,
   flow-charts, trade secrets, know-how, inventions, patents, copyrights,
   designs, technical processes, works of authorship and technical data
   included in or relating to the same (collectively, the "Software");
   provided, however, that the terms "Software" and "Encad Intellectual
   Property" do not include: (A) "shrink wrap" and "click wrap" software; (B)
   shareware and freeware software not incorporated in any of the Products or
   any of Encad's business systems; and (C) software and firmware that is owned
   by a third party and is the subject of a License to Encad;

      (iv) all product development projects planned as of the date of this
   Agreement, as listed in section 4.11(a)(iv) of the Encad Disclosure Letter;

                                     A-13

      (v) all Contracts by which: (i) Encad or any of its Subsidiaries uses
   Intellectual Property owned by a third party (other than (A) supply
   Contracts providing for the license solely of Intellectual Property not
   incorporated in any of the Products or any of Encad's business systems and
   (B) Contracts relating solely to "shrink wrap" or "click wrap" software); or
   (ii) a third party uses Intellectual Property owned by Encad or any of its
   Subsidiaries (other than (A) Standard Encad Contracts and (B) Contracts
   relating solely to "shrink wrap" or "click wrap" software); all as listed in
   section 4.11(a)(v) of the Encad Disclosure Letter (collectively, the
   "Licenses"); and

      (vi) all internet, intranet and World Wide Web content, sites and pages,
   and all HTML and other code related thereto.

   (b) Encad or its Subsidiaries own or have the right to use (pursuant to
written License) all of the Encad Intellectual Property. Subject to the receipt
or making of all Required Approvals specifically identified for this purpose in
section 4.4 of the Encad Disclosure Letter, each item of Encad Intellectual
Property will be owned or available for continued use by the Surviving
Corporation immediately after the Effective Time, without the payment of any
additional amounts to any third party (except as may be required subsequent to
the Effective Time by the express terms of any License). At the Effective Time
and except as set forth in Section 4.11(b) of the Encad Disclosure Letter, all
available patent rights (other than patents that are the subject of a License
to Encad) that may encompass any of the Software or any of the Products may be
pursued exclusively by the Surviving Corporation, other than non-exclusive
rights to third party software included within the Software or the Products.

   (c) Encad or its Subsidiaries own and the Surviving Corporation will
continue to own immediately after the Effective Time, free and clear of all
Encumbrances (other than Permitted Encumbrances), all Intellectual Property and
other proprietary information, processes and formulae used in, related to or
arising from the Business or otherwise necessary for the ownership, maintenance
and use of the Products and the conduct of the Business, other than
Intellectual Property that is owned by a third party and is the subject of a
License to Encad.

   (d) To Encad's knowledge, neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has
interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated (whether
through the use of the Encad Intellectual Property or otherwise) any
Intellectual Property rights of any third party, and no Claim has been asserted
(and is currently pending) or, to Encad's knowledge, threatened by any Person
as to the use of the Encad Intellectual Property by Encad or any of its
Subsidiaries or alleging any such interference, infringement, misappropriation
or violation (including any such Claim that Encad or any of its Subsidiaries
must license or refrain from using any Intellectual Property rights of any
third party), and neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has any knowledge
of any valid basis for any such Claim, except for those Claims listed in
section 4.18 of the Encad Disclosure Letter. To Encad's knowledge, and except
as set forth in Section 4.11(d) of the Encad Disclosure Letter, no third party
has interfered with, infringed upon, misappropriated or otherwise violated any
rights of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Encad
Intellectual Property. Encad has made available to Kodak all infringement
studies, including opinions of counsel, prepared by or on behalf of Encad or
any of its Subsidiaries.

   (e) Sections 4.11(a)(i) and 4.11(a)(ii) of the Encad Disclosure Letter
together identify each patent, patent registration, patent application,
trademark, service mark, trade name, trade dress, product name, slogan and logo
currently used or held for use by Encad or any of its Subsidiaries in, related
to or arising out of the Business. Encad has made available to Kodak correct
and complete copies of all Patents and all Trademarks, as amended to date, and
correct and complete copies of all other written documentation evidencing
ownership and prosecution (if applicable) of each Patent and Trademark. Except
as set forth in section 4.11(e) of the Encad Disclosure Letter, with respect to
each Patent and Trademark:

      (i) the item is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment,
   order, decree, ruling, or charge nor, to Encad's knowledge, is any of the
   foregoing threatened;

      (ii) no Claim is pending or, to Encad's knowledge, threatened which
   challenges the legality, validity, enforceability, use or ownership of the
   item;

                                     A-14

      (iii) except for standard terms and conditions contained in the ordinary
   course in Standard Encad Contracts or in Contracts with original equipment
   manufacturers, neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to
   indemnify any Person for or against any interference, infringement,
   misappropriation or other violation with respect to the item; and

      (iv) neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken, or is aware of,
   any actions, including a sale or offer for sale, the disclosure of which
   could lead to the invalidity of any resulting Patent.

   (f) Sections 4.11(a)(iii) and 4.11(a)(v) of the Encad Disclosure Letter
identifies all software, firmware (other than "shrink wrap" and "click wrap"
software and shareware and freeware software not incorporated in any of the
Products or any of Encad's business systems) and components thereof used or
held for use by Encad or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in
section 4.11(f) of the Encad Disclosure Letter, with respect to each item of
the Software:

      (i) the item is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment,
   order, decree, ruling, or charge nor, to Encad's knowledge, is any of the
   foregoing threatened;

      (ii) no Claim is pending or, to Encad's knowledge, threatened which
   challenges the legality, validity, enforceability, use or ownership of the
   item;

      (iii) except for standard terms and conditions contained in the ordinary
   course in Standard Encad Contracts or in Contracts with original equipment
   manufacturers, neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to
   indemnify any Person for or against any interference, infringement,
   misappropriation or other violation with respect to the item;

      (iv) Encad is the author of the Software, and Encad has, and the
   Surviving Corporation will continue to have, the full and exclusive right to
   claim all copyrights, trademarks and patent rights in the Software and to
   transfer all rights, title and interest thereto, including good will and the
   right to all damages and remedies for any past infringement;

      (v) the Software as used by Encad, its Subsidiaries or its licensees does
   not infringe any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other
   Intellectual Property rights of any third party; and Encad is not aware of
   any copyright, trademark, trade secret or patent Claim, asserted or, to
   Encad's knowledge, threatened, by any third party, or any acts of Encad or
   any of its Subsidiaries upon the basis of which Encad has any reason to
   believe that the Software will infringe any proprietary rights, including
   patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret of any third party;

      (vi) to Encad's knowledge, no third party that is not duly authorized by
   Encad is engaged in any activity which would constitute an infringement or
   misappropriation of any proprietary rights in the Software;

      (vii) with the exception of the bugs listed in section 4.11(f) of the
   Encad Disclosure Letter, Encad has no knowledge of, and has no reason to
   believe that, there are any bugs in the Software; and

      (viii) except as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually
   or in the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse Effect, the Software does not
   contain any "back door," "time bomb," "Trojan Horse," "worm," "drop dead
   device," "virus," "trap" or other software routines designed to permit
   unauthorized access, to disable or erase software, hardware or data, or
   perform any other similar actions.

   (g) The disclosure contained in section 4.11(g) of the Encad Disclosure
Letter is true, correct and complete in all material respects.

   (h) Except as set forth in Section 4.11(h) of the Encad Disclosure Letter,
to Encad's knowledge, all personnel, including employees, agents, consultants
and contractors, who have contributed to or participated in the conception,
reduction to practice or development of Encad Intellectual Property or
Technical Documentation either: (i) have been party to a "work-for-hire"
arrangement or agreement with Encad, in accordance with applicable Law, that
has accorded Encad full, effective, exclusive and original ownership of, and
all right, title and interest in and to, all tangible and intangible property
thereby arising; or (ii) have executed appropriate instruments of assignment in
favor of Encad as assignee that have conveyed to Encad full, effective and
exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to all tangible and
intangible property arising thereby.

                                     A-15

   4.12 Tangible Assets.

   (a) Section 4.12(a) of the Encad Disclosure Letter is a true, correct and
complete listing of: (i) all material equipment, computer equipment and
hardware, furniture, fixtures, vehicles, machinery, apparatus, media, tools,
appliances, implements, supplies and other tangible personal property of Encad
as of September 30, 2001, together with the cost and depreciation recorded
therefor; and (ii) all additions to and dispositions of the foregoing made
between September 30, 2001 and the date hereof, other than those items having
an aggregate net book value of less than $50,000. Except as set forth in
section 4.12(a) of the Encad Disclosure Letter, such assets are in a good state
of repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.

   (b) Section 4.12(b) of the Encad Disclosure Letter is a true, correct and
complete listing as of the date hereof of all products of the Business,
including all approved development projects (collectively, the "Products").

   (c) Section 4.12(c) of the Encad Disclosure Letter is a true, correct and
complete listing, by category and volume level as of September 30, 2001, of all
of Encad's and its Subsidiaries' inventories of (i) Products and (ii) all other
unused or reusable materials, stores and supplies. All of such inventories have
been properly costed and valued or properly reserved for, and properly
presented in the Financial Statements, all in accordance with GAAP. All of such
inventories of Products, materials, stores and supplies are usable and fit for
their intended purpose.

   4.13 Environmental Matters.

   Except as disclosed in section 4.13 of the Encad Disclosure Letter or except
as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
an Encad Material Adverse Effect: (a) to Encad's knowledge, none of the Real
Property is in Violation of any Environmental Laws; (b) neither Encad nor any
of its Subsidiaries has Released any Hazardous Substances in a manner that has
resulted in a Violation of any Environmental Laws and, to Encad's knowledge,
there has been no such Release by any previous owner or operator of any of the
Real Property; (c) to Encad's knowledge, none of the Real Property has (i) ever
had any underground storage tanks, as defined in 42 U.S.C. section
6991(1)(A)(i), whether empty, filled or partially filled with any substance, or
(ii) any asbestos or any material that contains any hydrated mineral silicate,
including chrysolite, amosite, crocidolite, tremolite, anthophylite and/or
actinolite, whether friable or non-friable; (d) neither Encad nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any request for information, notice or order alleging
that it may be a potentially responsible party under any Environmental Laws for
the investigation or remediation of a Release or threatened Release of
Hazardous Substances; (e) to Encad's knowledge, no event has occurred with
respect to any of the Real Property which, with the passage of time or the
giving of notice, or both, would constitute a Violation of or non-compliance
with any applicable Environmental Law or Encad Permit; (f) to Encad's
knowledge, there is no Encumbrance (other than a Permitted Encumbrance), Claim
or threat thereof relating to an alleged unauthorized Release of any Hazardous
Substance on, about or beneath the Real Property (or any portion thereof), or
the migration of any Hazardous Substance to or from property adjoining or in
the vicinity of the Real Property, or alleging any obligation under
Environmental Laws; and (g) each of Encad and its Subsidiaries hold all Encad
Permits required under any Environmental Law in connection with its use of the
Real Property or the operation of the Business.

   4.14 Employee Plans.

   (a) Section 4.14(a) of the Encad Disclosure Letter lists: (i) all employment
agreements, all union, guild, labor or collective bargaining agreements, all
employee benefit plans, and all other arrangements or understandings reduced to
writing; and (ii) all material employment agreements, all material union,
guild, labor or collective bargaining agreements, all material employee benefit
plans, and all other material arrangements or understandings explicit, implied
or oral; in each case whether for the benefit of one or more Persons, relating
to employment, compensation or benefits paid within 90 days prior to Closing or
payable to U.S. Persons, to which Encad or any of its Subsidiaries is a party
or is obligated to contribute, or by which Encad or any of its

                                     A-16

Subsidiaries is bound, including: (A) all employee benefit plans within the
meaning of section 3(3) of ERISA; (B) all deferred compensation, bonus, stock
option, stock purchase, stock incentive, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock, severance or incentive compensation plans, agreements or arrangements;
(C) all plans, agreements or arrangements providing for "fringe benefits" or
perquisites to employees, officers, directors or agents; and (D) all
employment, consulting, termination or indemnification agreements
(collectively, "U.S. Employee Plans"). Encad has delivered to or made available
for inspection by Kodak true, correct and complete copies of all U.S. Employee
Plans, all related summary plan descriptions, the most recent determination
letters received from the IRS, Form 5500 Annual Reports for the last three
years (including all attachments thereto), all communications received from or
sent to the IRS or the U.S. Department of Labor within the last three years
(including any Forms 5330) with respect to any U.S. Employee Plan, the most
recent financial reports and summary annual reports and, where applicable,
summary descriptions of any U.S. Employee Plans not otherwise reduced to
writing. Except as set forth in section 4.14(a) of the Encad Disclosure Letter,
there are no negotiations, demands or proposals that are pending or have been
made since the respective dates of the U.S. Employee Plans which concern
matters now covered, or that would be covered, by any U.S. Employee Plan.

   (b) Section 4.14(b) of the Encad Disclosure Letter lists: (i) all employment
agreements, all union, guild, labor, works council or collective bargaining
agreements, all employee benefit plans, and all other arrangements or
understandings reduced to writing; and (ii) all material employment agreements,
all material union, guild, labor, works council or collective bargaining
agreements, all material employee benefit plans, and all other material
arrangements or understandings explicit, implied or oral; in each case whether
for the benefit of one or more Persons, relating to employment, compensation or
benefits paid within 90 days prior to Closing or payable to non-U.S. Persons,
to which Encad or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or is obligated to
contribute, or by which Encad or any of its Subsidiaries is bound
(collectively, "Non-U.S. Employee Plans"). Encad has delivered to or made
available for inspection by Kodak true, correct and complete copies of all
Non-U.S. Employee Plans and, where applicable, summary descriptions of any
Non-U.S. Employee Plans not otherwise reduced to writing. Except as set forth
in section 4.14(b) of the Encad Disclosure Letter, there are no negotiations,
demands or proposals that are pending or have been made since the respective
dates of the Non-U.S. Employee Plans which concern matters now covered, or that
would be covered, by any Non-U.S. Employee Plan.

   (c) Except as set forth in section 4.14(c) of the Encad Disclosure Letter,
Encad, each of its Subsidiaries and each of the U.S. Employee Plans and
Non-U.S. Employee Plans have complied and are in compliance in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the Code, ERISA and all other
applicable Laws. Encad and each of its Subsidiaries have performed in all
material respects all of their obligations under all of the U.S. Employee Plans
and Non-U.S. Employee Plans, including the full payment when originally due of
all amounts required to be made as contributions thereto or otherwise and the
payment of all applicable Taxes.

   (d) With respect to each U.S. Employee Plan that is an "employee benefit
plan" within the meaning of section 3(3) of ERISA, or a "plan" within the
meaning of section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, no transaction has occurred which is
prohibited by section 406 of ERISA or which could give rise to a material
liability under section 4975 of the Code or sections 502(i) or 409 of ERISA.
None of the U.S. Employee Plans or Non-U.S. Employee Plans, nor any fiduciary
thereof, has been the direct or indirect subject of an audit, investigation or
examination by any Governmental Entity within the last five years. There are no
Claims (other than routine undisputed Claims for benefits) pending or, to
Encad's knowledge, threatened against or arising out of any of the U.S.
Employee Plans or Non-U.S. Employee Plans or the respective assets thereof and,
to the knowledge of Encad, no facts exist which could give rise to any such
Claims which could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on any U.S. Employee Plan or any Non-U.S.
Employee Plan, or an Encad Material Adverse Effect.

   (e) Each U.S. Employee Plan that is intended to qualify under section 401(a)
of the Code is so qualified and has received a favorable determination letter
from the IRS. To the knowledge of Encad, there have been no develop-ments since
the respective dates of such determination letters that would create a material
risk of causing the loss of qualification of the subject U.S. Employee Plan.

                                     A-17

   (f) Neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains or has at any time
maintained, or has or could have any liability with respect to, any U.S.
Employee Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA. No U.S. Employee Plan is or ever
has been a "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of section 3(37) of ERISA.
Neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has or could have any liability with
respect to a "multiemployer plan" as defined under section 3(37) of ERISA. No
U.S. Employee Plan or Non-U.S. Employee Plan now holds or has heretofore held
any stock or other securities issued by Encad or any of its Subsidiaries.
Neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has established or contributed to, is
required to contribute to or has or could have any liability with respect to
any "voluntary employees' beneficiary association" within the meaning of
section 501(c)(9) of the Code, any "welfare benefit fund" within the meaning of
section 419 of the Code, any "qualified asset account" within the meaning of
section 419A of the Code, or any "multiple employer welfare arrangement" within
the meaning of section 3(40) of ERISA.

   (g) All group health plans of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries have been
operated in compliance in all material respects with the group health plan
continuation coverage requirements of sections 601 through 608 of ERISA and
section 4980B of the Code, Title XXII of the Public Health Service Act and the
provisions of the Social Security Act, to the extent such requirements are
applicable. Except to the extent required under section 4980B of the Code,
neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries provides health or welfare benefits
(through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for or to any retired employee
or any former employee, and there has been no communication to any employee,
retired employee or former employee that could reasonably be expected to
promise or guarantee any such benefits.

   (h) Except with respect to statutory post-termination benefits arising under
non-U.S. Laws and except as set forth in Section 4.14 (h) of the Encad
Disclosure Letter, no provision of any U.S. Employee Plan or Non-U.S. Employee
Plan restricts the ability of Kodak or the Surviving Corporation to terminate
the future accruals of obligations thereunder after the Effective Time;
provided, however, that no such representation or warranty is made with respect
to liabilities already accrued at the time of such termination.

   (i) All reports, returns and similar documents with respect to each U.S.
Employee Plan and Non-U.S. Employee Plan required to be filed with any
Governmental Entity or distributed to any participant of any U.S. Employee Plan
or Non-U.S. Employee Plan (including each Form 5500 required to be filed by
Encad or any of its Subsidiaries) have been, to Encad's knowledge, duly and
timely filed or distributed in accordance with all applicable Laws.

   (j) To Encad's knowledge, there has been no act or omission by Encad or any
of its Subsidiaries that has given rise or may give rise to fines, penalties,
Taxes or related charges under sections 4980D, 502(c) or 502(l) of ERISA,
Chapters 43, 46 or 47 of Subtitle D of the Code, or Chapter 68 of Subtitle F of
the Code.

   (k) Except as set forth in section 4.14(k) of the Encad Disclosure Letter,
to Encad's knowledge, no condition exists as a result of which Encad or any of
its Subsidiaries would have any liability, whether absolute or contingent,
including any obligations under any U.S. Employee Plan or Non-U.S. Employee
Plan, with respect to any misclassification of a Person performing services for
Encad or any of its Subsidiaries as an independent contractor rather than as an
employee.

   (l) Except as described in Section 4.14(l) of the Encad Disclosure Letter,
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not
entitle any Person to severance pay, and will not accelerate the time of
payment or vesting, or increase the amount, of compensation due to any Person.
Section 4.14(l) of the Encad Disclosure Letter lists all severance obligations
of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries owed to any Person (other than severance
obligations pursuant to the employment agreements contemplated by Sections
6.13(c) and 9.2(l)).

   (m) Solely for purposes of this Section 4.14, all references to Encad or any
of its Subsidiaries includes any Person which, together with Encad or any of
its Subsidiaries, is considered an affiliated organization within the meaning
of sections 414(b), 414(c), 414(m) or 414(o) of the Code or sections 3(5) or
4001(b)(1) of ERISA.

   (n) Except as described in section 4.14(n) of the Encad Disclosure Letter,
neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries provides to any of its non-U.S.
employees any termination, severance, pension, healthcare or other benefits in
excess of statutory requirements.

                                     A-18

   4.15 Employment Matters.

   Except as disclosed in section 4.15 of the Encad Disclosure Letter: (a) to
Encad's knowledge, each of Encad and its Subsidiaries are, and since January 1,
1996 have been, in compliance in all material respects with all Laws relating
to employment, equal employment opportunity, nondiscrimination, immigration,
wages, hours, benefits, collective bargaining, the payment of social security
and similar Taxes, occupational safety and health, employment termination,
reductions in force or plant closings (collectively, "Employment Laws"); (b)
neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has experienced any strikes,
grievances or asserted or, to Encad's knowledge, threatened Claims of unfair
labor practice; (c) Encad has no knowledge of any organizational effort being
made or threatened by or on behalf of any labor union with respect to any
employees of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries; (d) there has not been, and
there is not pending or existing or, to Encad's knowledge, threatened, any
strike, work stoppage, labor arbitration or proceeding in respect of the
grievance of any employee, any application or complaint filed by an employee,
union or works council with the National Labor Relations Board or any
comparable Governmental Entity, organizational activity or other labor dispute
against Encad or any of its Subsidiaries; (e) no application for certification
of a collective bargaining agent is pending or, to Encad's knowledge,
threatened; (f) there is no lockout of any employees by Encad or any of its
Subsidiaries; (g) there are no Claims currently pending or, to Encad's
knowledge, threatened, against Encad or any of its Subsidiaries alleging the
violation of any Employment Laws, or any other asserted or, to Encad's
knowledge, threatened Claim whatsoever, whether based in tort, contract or Law,
arising out of or relating in any way to any Person's employment (actual or
alleged), application for employment or termination of employment with Encad or
any of its Subsidiaries; and (h) no Governmental Entity has found Encad or any
of its Subsidiaries to be liable for the payment of Taxes, fines, penalties or
other amounts, however designated, for failure to comply with any of Employment
Laws.

   4.16  Material Agreements.

   (a) The term "Material Agreements" means all Contracts to which Encad or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party which are, or contain provisions relating to,
any of the following:

      (i) Contracts pursuant to which Encad or any of its Subsidiaries, for the
   nine-month period ended September 30, 2001, received in excess of $750,000
   or was obligated to pay in excess of $250,000, other than Contracts which
   are cancelable (for reasons other than default of a material provision or a
   material breach of such Contract) by either party thereto without material
   penalty, cost or expense upon advance notice of 30 days or less;

      (ii) collective bargaining agreements or other Contracts to or with any
   labor unions or other employee representatives, groups of employees, works
   councils or the like;

      (iii) employment Contracts or other Contracts to or with individual
   current or prospective employees, consultants or agents (other than
   Contracts with Encad's attorneys, accountants or advertising agencies that
   are cancelable without material penalty, cost or expense upon advance notice
   of 90 days or less);

      (iv) leases and subleases of the Real Property (the "Leases");

      (v) the Licenses;

      (vi) Contracts (other than the Standard Encad Contracts) by which Encad
   or any of its Subsidiaries indemnifies any Person;

      (vii) Contracts (other than the Standard Encad Contracts) by which Encad
   or any of its Subsidiaries provides warranties related to any Product;

      (viii) Contracts providing for the payment of royalties by Encad or any
   of its Subsidiaries based in any manner on the revenues or profits of Encad
   or any of its Subsidiaries;

      (ix) Contracts with obligations to supply parts or replacement parts for
   a period after termination of the Contract;

                                     A-19

      (x) Contracts guaranteeing the debt of any third party;

      (xi) Contracts requiring the exclusive use of third party goods or
   services or containing a right of first refusal to a third party in the
   supply of goods or services;

      (xii) Contracts to acquire stock, merge or consolidate, or to create a
   joint venture;

      (xiii) Contracts to borrow funds, except for trade payables incurred in
   the ordinary course of business;

      (xiv) Contracts to lend to officers, employees or other third parties,
   except for accounts receivable incurred in the ordinary course of business;

      (xv) Contracts that require Encad or any of its Subsidiaries to maintain
   insurance; and

      (xvi) other Contracts, if any: (A) the default of which could reasonably
   be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, an Encad Material
   Adverse Effect; or (B) which require consent or waiver in connection with
   consummation of the Merger, and the failure to obtain such consent or waiver
   could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, an
   Encad Material Adverse Effect.

   (b)  All of the Material Agreements are listed in sections 4.11(a)(v),
4.14(a), 4.14(b) or 4.16(b) of the Encad Disclosure Letter. Except for the
Material Agreements, neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or
bound by any Contract affecting in any material respect the operation of the
Business. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither Encad nor
any of its Subsidiaries is party to any Contract providing for guaranteed
minimum payments in excess of $250,000 for the 12-month period ending September
30, 2002 which are not listed in sections 4.11(a)(v), 4.14(a), 4.14(b) or
4.16(b) of the Encad Disclosure Letter.

   (c)  Encad has made available to Kodak true and complete copies of each
Material Agreement that is in written form (or, in the case of Material
Agreements that are in standard form, true and complete samples of such
standard forms), and true and complete written summaries of each Material
Agreement that is oral, in each case as amended to date. Each of the Material
Agreements constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Encad or its
Subsidiaries and, to Encad's knowledge, the other parties thereto, and is
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof
may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency or other Laws relating to or
affecting creditors' rights generally, and (ii) general principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law). Each of the Material Agreements constitutes the entire
agreement of the respective parties thereto relating to the subject matter
thereof. Except as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse Effect, and except as set forth in
section 4.16(c) or the Encad Disclosure Letter, all obligations required to be
performed under the terms of the Material Agreements have, to Encad's
knowledge, been performed, no act or omission has occurred or failed to occur
which, with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both would constitute a
default under any of the Material Agreements or permit termination,
modification or acceleration thereunder, and each of the Material Agreements is
in full force and effect without default on the part of Encad or any of its
Subsidiaries and, to Encad's knowledge, any of the other parties thereto.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no written (or, to Encad's
knowledge, oral) notice of termination or default has been given or received by
Encad or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Material Agreement.

   (d)  Except for the Required Approvals with respect to Material Agreements
set forth in section 4.4 of the Encad Disclosure Letter, no Contract to which
Encad or any of its Subsidiaries is a party requires consent or waiver in
connection with consummation of the Merger.

   (e)  With respect to each Lease: (i) to Encad's knowledge, there are no
disputes, oral agreements or forbearance programs in effect; (ii) neither Encad
nor any of its Subsidiaries has assigned, transferred, conveyed, mortgaged,
deeded in trust or encumbered any interest in the leasehold represented by the
Lease; and (iii) except as could not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse Effect, Encad and
its Subsidiaries have obtained all authorizations of Governmental Entities
(including licenses and permits) required to be obtained in connection with
their operation of the Business at the premises leased under the Lease, and
have operated and maintained such premises in all material respects in
accordance with applicable Laws.

                                     A-20

   (f)  Encad has made available to Kodak true and complete samples of all
Standard Encad Contracts, in each case as amended to date, and, except as set
forth in Section 4.16(f) of the Encad Disclosure Letter, the actual Standard
Encad Contracts do not, individually or in the aggregate, differ in any
material respect from such samples with respect to limitations of liability,
disclaimers of warranties and indemnities. Each of the Standard Encad Contracts
contains terms and conditions with respect to limitations of liability,
disclaimers of warranties and indemnities which are standard and customary
within the industry of the Business. Each of the Standard Encad Contracts
constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of Encad or its
Subsidiaries and, to Encad's knowledge, the other parties thereto, and is
enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof
may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency or other Laws relating to or
affecting creditors' rights generally, and (ii) general principles of equity
(regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law). Each of the Standard Encad Contracts constitutes the entire
agreement of the respective parties thereto relating to the subject matter
thereof. Except as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse Effect, all obligations required to be
performed under the terms of the Standard Encad Contracts have, to Encad's
knowledge, been performed, no act or omission has occurred or failed to occur
which, with the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both would constitute a
default under any of the Standard Encad Contracts or permit termination,
modification or acceleration thereunder, and each of the Standard Encad
Contracts is in full force and effect without default on the part of Encad or
any of its Subsidiaries and, to Encad's knowledge, any of the other parties
thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no written (or, to
Encad's knowledge, oral) notice of termination or default has been given or
received by Encad or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any Standard Encad
Contract.

   4.17 Warranties.

   Except to the extent of the warranty reserve set forth in the Financial
Statements, all Products sold by the Business on or before the date hereof have
been in conformity with written warranties and commitments and express and
implied warranties of Encad and its Subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2001, the
Business had no obligation or liability for replacement of such Products or
other damages in connection therewith, except to the extent of the warranty
reserve set forth in the Financial Statements. As of the Closing Date, the
Business will have no liability for replacement of such Products or other
damages in connection therewith, except to the extent of the warranty reserve
set forth in the Financial Statements. No Product sold by the Business is
subject to any contractual guaranty, warranty or other indemnity beyond the
applicable standard terms and conditions of sale. Encad has made available to
Kodak copies of the standard terms and conditions of sale used by the Business,
which contain all applicable guaranty, warranty and indemnity provisions.

   4.18 Litigation.

   Except for (a) Claims disclosed in sections 4.13, 4.14, 4.15 or 4.18 of the
Encad Disclosure Letter, (b) Claims related to any reduction in force since
September 1, 2001, (c) defective products Claims the cost of which are fully
reserved against in the Financial Statements, or (d) stockholder litigation to
the extent arising out of or otherwise occurring by virtue of the public
announcement of the transactions contemplated hereby, there is no Claim pending
or, to the knowledge of Encad and its Subsidiaries, threatened against or
affecting Encad or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective officers
or directors in connection with the business of Encad or any of its
Subsidiaries), which if adversely determined could reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, an adverse effect on the consummation
of the Merger, or an Encad Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any judgment,
injunction, decree, rule or order of any Governmental Entity outstanding
against Encad or any of its Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, any such effect.

   4.19 Tax Matters.

   Except as set forth in section 4.19 of the Encad Disclosure Letter or as
could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, an
Encad Material Adverse Effect:

      (a) Encad and each Subsidiary of Encad (or affiliated, unitary or
   combined group of which Encad is or has been a member) has timely filed all
   federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise Tax returns,

                                     A-21

   and all other material Tax returns that are required to be filed by it on or
   before the date hereof have been filed and all Taxes due shown on such
   returns have been paid; and the Financial Statements reflect an adequate
   accrual in accordance with GAAP, based on the facts and circumstances
   existing as of the respective dates thereof, for all Taxes payable by Encad
   or any of its Subsidiaries through the respective dates thereof;

      (b) as of the date hereof, there are no deficiencies for any Taxes
   proposed, asserted or assessed against Encad or any of its Subsidiaries, no
   requests for waivers of the time to assess any Taxes are pending;

      (c) each of Encad and its Subsidiaries has complied with all Laws
   relating to the payment and withholding of Taxes and has withheld and paid
   all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts
   paid or owing to any employee, independent contractor or other Person;

      (d) to the extent that the Tax returns of Encad or any of its
   Subsidiaries have been examined by and settled with the IRS or other
   relevant taxing authority (or the applicable statue of limitations has
   expired) for all years through December 31, 1995, all assessments for Taxes
   due with respect to such completed and settled examinations or any concluded
   litigation have been fully paid;

      (e) as of the date hereof, there are no Encumbrances for Taxes (other
   than for current Taxes not yet due and payable) on the assets of Encad or
   any of its Subsidiaries;

      (f) neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries is bound by any Contract
   with any Person with respect to Taxes;

      (g) neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has constituted either a
   "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" (within the meaning
   of section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution of stock qualifying
   for tax-free treatment under section 355 of the Code (i) in the two years
   prior to the date of this Agreement or (ii) in a distribution which could
   otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions"
   (within the meaning of section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the
   Merger;

      (h) neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has ever been a member of
   an affiliated, unitary or combined group of corporations (within the meaning
   of section 1504 of the Code and any analogous provision of Law) other than
   an affiliated group in which Encad was the common parent;

      (i) neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has filed a consent
   pursuant to the provisions of section 341(f) of the Code (or any
   corresponding provision of Law) or agreed to have section 341(f)(2) of the
   Code (or any corresponding provision of Law) apply to any disposition of any
   asset owned by it;

      (j) neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to make, or is
   required to make, any adjustment under section 481(a) of the Code or any
   similar provision of Law by reason of a change in accounting methods or
   otherwise;

      (k) no property owned by Encad or any of its Subsidiaries is (i) property
   required to be treated as being owned by another Person pursuant to the
   provisions of section 168(f)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as
   amended, and in effect immediately prior to the enactment of the Tax Reform
   Act of 1986,
   (ii) "tax-exempt use property" within the meaning of section 168(h)(1) of
   the Code, (iii) "tax-exempt bond financed property" within the meaning of
   section 168(g) of the Code, or (iv) "limited use property" (as that term is
   used in Rev. Proc. 76-30);

      (l) as of the date hereof, no audit or other administrative or court
   proceedings are pending with respect to Taxes of Encad or any of its
   Subsidiaries and no notice thereof has been received; and no issue has been
   raised by any taxing authority in any presently pending or prior audit, that
   could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
   an Encad Material Adverse Effect for any period after Closing;

      (m) no asserted or, to Encad's knowledge, threatened Claim has been made
   by a taxing authority in a jurisdiction where Encad or any of its
   Subsidiaries do not file Tax returns that Encad or any of its Subsidiaries
   is or may be subject to taxation in that jurisdiction;

                                     A-22

      (n) neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries is obligated under any
   Contract that provides for the payment of any amount which would not be
   deductible by reason of section 280G of the Code, nor will Encad or any of
   its Subsidiaries make any "excess golden parachute payment" under sections
   280G or 4999 of the Code; and

      (o) Encad has delivered or made available to Kodak true and complete
   copies of (i) all income Tax returns of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries (or
   the portion of any affiliated, unitary or combined Tax return relating to
   Encad or any of its Subsidiaries) for the preceding three taxable years, and
   (ii) any audit report issued within the last three years (or otherwise with
   respect to any audit or proceeding in progress) relating to Taxes of Encad.

   4.20 Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

   Except as disclosed in this Agreement, the Encad Disclosure Letter or the
Financial Statements, or except for the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, since January 1, 2001, Encad and its Subsidiaries have conducted
their respective businesses only in the ordinary and usual course of business,
and there has not been: (a) any Encad Material Adverse Effect; (b) except as
could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, an
Encad Material Adverse Effect, any damage, destruction, loss or casualty to any
assets of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries, whether or not covered by
insurance; (c) any sale, assignment, transfer or disposition of any item of
plant, property or equipment of the Business having a net book value in excess
of $50,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate, except for sales from
inventory in the ordinary course of business; (d) any material change in any
method of accounting or accounting practice by Encad or any of its
Subsidiaries; (e) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property) with respect to any
capital stock of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries; or (f) any transaction,
commitment, dispute or other event or condition that could reasonably by
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse
Effect.

   4.21 Insurance.

   Encad has heretofore provided to Kodak a true, correct and complete list of
the current insurance coverages of Encad and its Subsidiaries, including names
of carriers and amounts of coverage. Each of Encad and its Subsidiaries has
been and is insured by reputable insurers with respect to its properties and
the conduct of the Business in such amounts and against such risks as are
reasonable in relation to the Business, and, except as set forth in Section
4.21 of the Encad Disclosure Letter, each will maintain such insurance until
the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Closing Date.

   4.22 Opinion of Financial Advisor.

   The board of directors of Encad has received the opinion of the Financial
Advisor to the effect that, as of the date hereof, the Merger Consideration to
be received by Encad's stockholders pursuant to this Agreement is fair to
Encad's stockholders from a financial point of view. A copy of such opinion of
the Financial Advisor will be delivered to Kodak promptly after receipt, but in
any event prior to Closing. Encad will also promptly provide Kodak with copies
of all additional or supplemental opinions, if any, of the Financial Advisor
and any other letters containing opinions of value or otherwise evaluating the
transactions contemplated hereby prepared by the Financial Advisor for
informational purposes, except that any comparative analyses may be excised
therefrom.

   4.23 Vote Required.

   The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Encad Common Stock
outstanding on the record date for the vote is the only vote of the holders of
capital stock of Encad necessary to adopt this Agreement.

   4.24 Brokers or Finders.

   No agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is or
will be entitled to any broker's or finder's fee or any other commission or
similar fee in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, except the Financial Advisor, whose commissions and fees will be the
sole responsibility of Encad. A true, correct and complete copy of Encad's
Contract with the Financial Advisor has been made available to Kodak prior to
the date of this Agreement.

                                     A-23

              ARTICLE 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF KODAK

   Kodak represents and warrants to Encad as follows:

   5.1 Organization, Standing and Power.

   Kodak is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the Laws of the State of New Jersey. Sub is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware.
Each of Kodak and Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to own,
lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being
conducted, and is duly qualified and in good standing to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of
its properties makes such qualification necessary, other than in such
jurisdictions where the failure so to qualify could not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Kodak Material Adverse Effect.

   5.2 Authority; Binding Effect.

   Each of Kodak and Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to
enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of each of Kodak and Sub. This Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered by each of Kodak and Sub and, assuming the due
execution and delivery hereof by Encad, constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of each of Kodak and Sub, enforceable against each of them in
accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability hereof may be limited
by (a) bankruptcy, insolvency or other Laws relating to or affecting creditors'
rights generally and (b) general principles of equity (regardless of whether
such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). No vote
of any security holder of Kodak is required in connection with the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by Kodak or Sub or the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Kodak has adopted this Agreement
as the sole stockholder of Sub.

   5.3 No Conflict.

   The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of Kodak and Sub does
not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and the
fulfillment of the obligations and undertakings hereunder will not, result in
any Violation of any provision of: (a) the certificate of incorporation or
bylaws of Kodak or of Sub; (b) any Contract applicable to Kodak, Sub or any of
their respective assets; or (c) any Law applicable to Kodak, Sub or any of
their respective assets; except, in the case of Contracts and Laws, for
Violations which could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, any material adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of
this Agreement or a Kodak Material Adverse Effect. No consent, approval, order
or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Entity is required by or with respect to Kodak or Sub in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Kodak or Sub or
the consummation by each of Kodak and Sub of the transactions contemplated
hereby, except for: (i) filings and notices required under Competition Laws;
(ii) the filing with the SEC of the Registration Statement and such reports
under the Exchange Act as may be required in connection with this Agreement and
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the obtaining
from the SEC of such orders as may be so required; (iii) the filing of such
documents with, and the obtaining of such orders from, state authorities,
including state securities authorities, that are required in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) the filing by the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware contemplated by Section 2.1; and
(v) such consents, approvals, orders, authorizations or registrations the
failure to obtain which could not reasonably be expected, individually or in
the aggregate, to have any adverse effect on the validity or enforceability of
this Agreement or a Kodak Material Adverse Effect.

   5.4 SEC Documents.

   Kodak has made available to Encad a true, correct and complete copy of
Kodak's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2001, June 30,
2001 and September 30, 2001, current reports on Form 8-K filed at any time
between December 31, 2000 and the date hereof, and definitive proxy statement
for the annual meeting of stockholders of Kodak held on May 9, 2001, in each
case including all amendments thereof and all as filed by Kodak with the SEC
(collectively, the "Kodak SEC Documents"). As of their respective dates, the
Kodak SEC Documents complied

                                     A-24

in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act, and none of the Kodak SEC Documents contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial
statements of Kodak included in the Kodak SEC Documents comply in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and with the published rules
and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto or, in
the case of the unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) and
fairly present (subject, in the case of the unaudited statements, to normal,
recurring audit adjustments), in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Kodak and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the dates
thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the
periods then ended.

   5.5 Information Supplied.

   The Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the
time the Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act, not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading. At the time it becomes effective under the Securities Act, the
Registration Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Act. The Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, on the
date it is mailed to Encad's stockholders and at the time of the Meeting, not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Kodak makes no representation
or warranty with respect to any information contained or incorporated in the
Proxy Statement.

   5.6 Capital Structure.

   The authorized capital stock of Kodak consists of 100,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock, par value $10.00 per share, and 950,000,000 shares of Kodak
Common Stock. As of November 13, 2001: (a) 290,924,866 shares of Kodak Common
Stock were issued and outstanding; and (b) 100,367,894 shares of Kodak Common
Stock were held by Kodak in its treasury. All outstanding shares of Kodak
Common Stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject
to preemptive rights.

   5.7 Merger Consideration.

   (a) The Kodak Common Stock constituting the Stock Merger Consideration has
been duly authorized and, if and when issued and delivered against receipt of
the Exchanged Shares pursuant to this Agreement, will be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not issued in Violation of
any preemptive rights.

   (b) Kodak will have at Closing sufficient cash equivalents to pay the Cash
Merger Consideration and its costs related to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby.

   5.8 Litigation.

   Except as disclosed in the Kodak SEC Documents, there is no Claim pending
or, to the knowledge of Kodak, threatened against or affecting Kodak or any of
its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective officers or directors in
connection with the business of Kodak or any of its Subsidiaries), which if
adversely determined could reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have an adverse effect on the consummation of the Merger or a
Kodak Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any judgment, injunction, decree,
rule or order of any Governmental Entity outstanding against Kodak or any of
its Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have any such effect.

   5.9 No Kodak Material Adverse Effect.

   Except as disclosed in the Kodak SEC Documents, since June 30, 2001, there
has not been any Kodak Material Adverse Effect.

                                     A-25

   5.10 Tax Free Reorganization.

   Neither Kodak nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action which could
reasonably expected to cause the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
not to constitute a reorganization within the meaning of section 368 of the
Code in the event that the Merger Consideration is the Stock Merger
Consideration.

   5.11 Brokers or Finders.

   No agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is or
will be entitled to any broker's or finder's fee or any other commission or
similar fee in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, except as described in Section 4.24.

                         ARTICLE 6. COVENANTS OF ENCAD

   During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the
Effective Time, Encad agrees, for itself and its Subsidiaries, to perform as
follows:

   6.1 Ordinary Course.

   Except as otherwise expressly contemplated or permitted by this Agreement,
or to the extent that Kodak otherwise consents in writing, which consent will
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (based on the standard of
a reasonable acquiror of a business), each of Encad and its Subsidiaries will:

      (a) except as set forth in Section 6.1(a) of the Encad Disclosure Letter,
   carry on the Business in substantially the same manner as has heretofore
   been conducted and not make any material change in the personnel,
   operations, finance, business strategies or policies, accounting practices
   or policies or assets of the Business, except that Encad may fill, on an
   at-will basis, any vacancies existing as of the date hereof in any positions
   below the level of director and vice president, replace, on an at-will
   basis, positions below the level of director and vice president that become
   vacant after the date hereof, and terminate the employment of any employee
   for performance-related reasons;

      (b) maintain its assets in good working order and condition, ordinary
   wear and tear excepted;

      (c) perform all of its material obligations under the Material Agreements
   and not enter into, amend or terminate any Material Agreement except in the
   ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices;

      (d) take all reasonable actions necessary and appropriate to obtain
   appropriate releases, consents, estoppels and other instruments as Kodak may
   reasonably request;

      (e) neither cancel, nor allow to lapse (without being replaced), nor make
   any material change in, the coverage of any insurance policy applicable to
   Encad or any of its Subsidiaries, and promptly notify Kodak of any event or
   circumstance that may be covered by any such policy;

      (f) pay all Taxes as they become due, confer with Kodak prior to the
   filing of any Tax protest by it or any of its Subsidiaries and not take any
   position with respect to Taxes to which Kodak reasonably objects;

      (g) maintain (and, with respect to those Encad Permits expiring between
   the date hereof and the Closing Date, renew and maintain) all Encad Permits
   in full force and effect, except those as could not reasonably be expected
   to have, individually or in the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse Effect;

      (h) immediately notify Kodak should Encad or any of its Subsidiaries
   receive any request for information, notice or order, or become aware of any
   Encumbrance, Claim or threat of Claim relating to an alleged unauthorized
   Release of any Hazardous Substance on, about or beneath the Real Property
   (or any portion thereof) or any other environmental contamination or
   liability with respect to the Real Property (or any portion thereof);

                                     A-26

      (i) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices,
   maintain and preserve its business organization intact, retain employees at
   the Business, maintain relationships with suppliers, customers, employees
   and others having business relations with the Business consistent with the
   terms of such relationships as of the date hereof, and use commercially
   reasonable efforts to cause the smooth, efficient and successful transition
   of such business operations and employee and other relations at the
   Effective Time;

      (j) except as set forth in Section 6.1(a), neither (x) make offers of
   employment to any Persons for periods subsequent to the Effective Time
   (except for offers made in the ordinary course of business, consistent with
   past practices, for employment on an at-will basis), nor (y) enter into any
   U.S. Employee Plan, Non-U.S. Employee Plan or Contract with respect thereto,
   nor (z) except as contemplated by the arrangements disclosed in sections
   4.14 and 4.15 of the Encad Disclosure Letter, incur or agree to incur any
   liability not in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
   practices;

      (k) neither adopt nor amend in any material respect any U.S. Employee
   Plan or Non-U.S. Employee Plan, except for amendments required to comply
   with applicable Laws and made with reasonable prior notice to Kodak;

      (l) not increase the compensation, in any form (including the awarding of
   special bonuses or other special remuneration), payable or to become payable
   to any director, officer, employee, consultant or agent, except for
   employees' compensation increases in the ordinary course of business,
   consistent with past practices, in accordance with existing personnel
   policies, and except as set forth in section 6.1(l) of the Encad Disclosure
   Letter;

      (m) not grant any severance or termination compensation, except pursuant
   to the employment agreements contemplated by Sections 6.13(c) and 9.2(l);

      (n) not incur any indebtedness or guarantee any indebtedness, except for
   trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with
   past practices, nor issue any debt securities;

      (o) not create or assume any Encumbrance upon any of its assets,
   irrespective of when acquired, other than Permitted Encumbrances;

      (p) neither acquire nor agree to acquire by merging or consolidating
   with, or by purchasing a substantial equity interest in or a substantial
   portion of the assets of, any Person;

      (q) neither make nor authorize any purchase order or capital expenditure
   in excess of $50,000 individually or $500,000 in the aggregate, except in
   the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices;

      (r) neither sell, lease, assign, exchange, license or otherwise transfer,
   dispose of or grant rights to, any assets, except in the ordinary course of
   business, consistent with past practices;

      (s) not revalue any assets, except in the ordinary course of business,
   consistent with past practices, or as required by GAAP;

      (t)  not amend, terminate or waive any material right related to the
   Business, except in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past
   practices;

      (u)  neither commence nor settle any material Claims other than: (i)
   Claims for the routine collection of bills due and owing; (ii) the
   settlement of any Claims set forth in section 4.18 of the Encad Disclosure
   Letter which are settled for less than $50,000 individually or $250,000 in
   the aggregate; or (iii) in the case of commencement of Claims, such cases
   where Encad in good faith determines that failure to commence a Claim would
   result in the material impairment of a valuable aspect of the Business,
   provided that Encad consults with Kodak prior to the commencement of the
   Claim and keeps Kodak advised of the status and details thereof;

      (v)  promptly notify Kodak of all proposed material additions to and
   developments or improvements of the Products relating to design,
   functionality or other material aspects;

                                     A-27

      (w)  not take any other action outside the ordinary course of business
   that could reasonable be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
   an Encad Material Adverse Effect;

      (x)  not make, orally or in writing, any commitment to do any of the
   foregoing; and

      (y)  immediately notify Kodak upon the occurrence or anticipated
   occurrence of any of the matters contemplated by this Section 6.1.

   6.2  Dividends; Changes in Stock.

   Encad will not: (a) declare or pay any dividends, whether in cash, stock or
otherwise, nor make any other distributions in respect of the Encad Preferred
Stock or the Encad Common Stock; (b) split, combine, reclassify or recapitalize
the Encad Preferred Stock or the Encad Common Stock, or issue, authorize or
propose the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in
substitution for shares of Encad Preferred Stock or Encad Common Stock; or (c)
repurchase or otherwise acquire, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to purchase
or otherwise acquire, any shares of Encad Preferred Stock or Encad Common Stock.

   6.3  Actions With Respect to Securities.

   (a)  Encad will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to:

      (i) issue, deliver or sell, or authorize or propose the issuance,
   delivery or sale of, any shares of capital stock or Voting Debt or any
   securities convertible into any such shares, Voting Debt or convertible
   securities, except for the issuance of shares of Encad Common Stock upon
   exercise of Outstanding Options and Outstanding Purchase Rights;

      (ii) grant or issue any Stock Rights, other than employee stock options
   granted under the Encad Option Plans with Kodak's prior written consent;

      (iii)  reprice, amend, modify the terms of, or authorize cash payment in
   exchange for, any Outstanding Option; or

      (iv) create or permit the creation of any preemptive rights with respect
   to any capital stock or Voting Debt.

   (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing:

      (i)  prior to Closing, Encad will take all action necessary under the
   Outstanding Options and the Encad Option Plans to provide for all
   adjustments, if any, and all plan terminations contemplated by Section
   3.1(e); and

      (ii) Encad will take all action necessary to terminate the Encad ESPP as
   of the close of business on December 31, 2001, and will not permit the
   issuance thereafter of any shares of Encad Common Stock under the Encad ESPP.

   6.4  Governing Documents.

   Neither Encad nor any of its Subsidiaries will amend or propose to amend its
certificate of incorporation or bylaws (or similar governing documents).

   6.5 Access.

   Encad and its Subsidiaries will afford to the authorized representatives and
agents of Kodak reasonable access to the employees of Encad and its
Subsidiaries, and to the Business, the assets and the books, records and other
information of Encad and its Subsidiaries, including the right to inspect the
same and conduct audits and verifications thereof; provided, however, that: (a)
Kodak has first provided reasonable notice of such access and inspection and
conducts the same during normal business hours and in such a manner as not to
interfere unreasonably with the operation of the Business; and (b) no such
access or inspection by Kodak will limit the effect of Encad's representations
and warranties contained in this Agreement.

                                     A-28

   6.6 No Solicitation.

   Encad will not, nor will it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, nor will it
authorize or permit any of its officers, directors or employees or any
investment banker, financial advisor, attorney, accountant or other
representative retained by it or by any of its Subsidiaries to, initiate,
solicit, encourage (by way of furnishing non-public information or otherwise),
negotiate or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of
any proposal which constitutes, or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any
proposal or offer to acquire all or any substantial part of the business or
assets of Encad or of any of its Subsidiaries, or 10 percent or more of the
capital stock of Encad or of any Subsidiary, whether by merger, consolidation,
purchase of assets, tender offer, investment, exchange, lease or otherwise,
whether for cash, securities or any other consideration or combination thereof
(any such transaction being called an "Acquisition Transaction"), nor
entertain, agree to, endorse, participate in any discussions or negotiations or
recommend any Acquisition Transaction, unless Encad's board of directors
concludes in good faith, after receiving written advice of independent outside
counsel and after consultation with its financial advisors, that the failure to
take such action would reasonably be expected to constitute breach of its
fiduciary duty to the stockholders of Encad under applicable Laws. In the event
that Encad, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its officers, directors,
employees, investment bankers, financial advisors, attorneys, accountants or
other representatives receives any inquiries, proposals or offers as
contemplated by this Section 6.6, Encad will within one Trading Day inform
Kodak as to that fact and furnish to Kodak the specifics thereof.

   6.7  Cooperation in Preparation of Registration Statement, Etc.

   Encad will: (a) promptly prepare the Proxy Statement and cooperate with
Kodak in its preparation and filing with the SEC of the Registration Statement
and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus; (b) cause its independent auditors to
cooperate in the preparation of financial statements for the Registration
Statement and Proxy State-ment/Pro-spectus; and (c) use commercially reasonable
efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective under the
Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing.

   6.8  Letter of Encad's Accountants.

   Encad will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be delivered to
Kodak a letter of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Encad's independent auditors, dated a
date within two business days before the date on which the Registration
Statement becomes effective and addressed to Kodak, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to Kodak and customary in scope and substance for
letters delivered by independent public accountants in connection with
registration statements similar to the Registration Statement.

   6.9  Stockholders' Meeting and Approval.

   The board of directors of Encad will call the Meeting and will use
commercially reasonable efforts to hold the Meeting as promptly as practicable,
in accordance with applicable Laws. The board of directors of Encad will
recommend that Encad's stockholders adopt this Agreement, and such
recommendation will be contained in the Proxy Statement. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, the board of directors of Encad may
withdraw, modify, condition or fail to give such recommendation if it
concludes, in good faith, after receiving written advice from counsel, that the
failure to take such action could reasonably be expected to constitute a breach
of its fiduciary duties to the stockholders of Encad under applicable Law.

   6.10 Voting Agreements.

   Encad will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each member of the
board of directors of Encad and each executive officer of Encad to deliver to
Kodak, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement (but
in any event prior to the filing of the Registration Statement), a written
agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A, by which he agrees to vote or
cause to be voted in favor of adoption of this Agreement all shares of Encad
Common Stock beneficially owned by him.

                                     A-29

   6.11  Affiliates.

   In the event that the Merger Consideration is the Stock Merger
Consideration: (a) prior to the Closing Date, Encad will deliver to Kodak a
letter identifying all Persons who are, at the time this Agreement is submitted
for Stockholder Approval, Affiliates of Encad for purposes of Rule 145 under
the Securities Act; and (b) Encad will use commercially reasonable efforts to
cause each such Person to deliver to Kodak on or prior to the Closing Date a
written agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit B.

   6.12  Transaction Expenses.

   The aggregate expenses paid or incurred by Encad in connection with this
Agreement and the consummation of all of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including fees and expenses paid to Encad's directors, officers, attorneys,
accountants and advisors, including the Financial Advisor, will not exceed
$1,750,000. Prior to Closing, Encad will provide Kodak with a listing, in
reasonable detail, of such expenses.

   6.13 Certain Employee Matters.

   (a) Encad will in a timely manner give all notices (if any) required to be
given under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or other
similar Laws of any jurisdiction relating to any plant closing or mass layoff
or as otherwise required by any such Law.

   (b)  At such times as Encad and Kodak jointly agree, Encad will use
commercially reasonable efforts to notify and consult with the respective works
councils, trade unions or other employee representative bodies relating to
non-U.S. employees of Encad or any of its Subsidiaries as and to the extent
required by local Law with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. The
parties will cooperate in a commercially reasonable manner with each other in
connection with such notices and consultations.

   (c)  Encad will use commercially reasonable efforts (which shall not involve
the payment of any bonus, compensation or other monies) to deliver to Kodak on
or before the Closing Date amended and integrated employment agreements, in
form and substance heretofore approved by Kodak, with each of the following
employees: Gerald A. Forman, Thomas L. Green, James A. Hebert, Dean R. Richards
and Patrick S. Ryan.

   6.14 Certain Employee Plan Matters.

   (a)  Prior to Closing, Encad will use commercially reasonable efforts to
take any and all actions required to remedy in full all qualification,
operational, plan document, demographic and employer eligibility defects set
forth in sections 4.14(c) or 4.14(k) of the Encad Disclosure Letter; provided,
however, that such remedial action will include preparing and filing a
submission with the IRS pursuant to Rev. Proc. 2001-17. The total cost of all
actions required to remedy in full all such qualification, operational, plan
document, demographic and employer eligibility defects, including costs
associated with the payment of excise Taxes, penalties and other fines, is set
forth in section 6.14 of the Encad Disclosure Letter.

   (b)  Encad will take any and all actions necessary to ensure that all U.S.
Employee Plans are in compliance, prior to Closing, with the Uniformed Services
Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, the Small Business Job
Protection Act of 1996, the Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997, the General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade, the Community Renewal Tax Relief Act of 2000, and the
Economic Growth & Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001, to the extent that the
applicable remedial amendment periods expire prior to the Closing Date or
within 90 days after the Closing Date.

   6.15 Rights Agreement.

   Prior to Closing, the board of directors of Encad will approve the
redemption of rights under the Rights Agreement. Immediately prior to the
Effective Time, Encad will consummate such redemption as provided by the Rights
Agreement, and the Rights Agreement will be effectively terminated. The
aggregate amount of all fees and expenses paid or payable by Encad in
connection with such redemption will not exceed $200,000.

                                     A-30

   6.16 Section 16 Approvals.

   In the event that the Merger Consideration is the Stock Merger
Consideration: (a) the board of directors of Encad will, prior to or as of the
Effective Time, take appropriate action to approve, for purposes of Section
16(b) of the Exchange Act ("Section 16(b)"), the deemed disposition and sale of
the shares of Encad Common Stock and the deemed disposition and cancellation of
the Outstanding Options in the Merger, to the extent those shares and
Outstanding Options are held by Persons in Encad's service who are subject to
the short-swing profit restrictions of Section 16(b); and (b) the board of
directors of Kodak will, prior to or as of the Effective Time, take appropriate
action to approve, for purposes of Section 16(b), the issuance of shares of
Kodak Common Stock as the Stock Merger Consideration to those Persons in
Encad's service, if any, who will become subject to Section 16(b) with respect
to Kodak immediately after the Merger.

   6.17 Directors' Qualifying Shares.

   With respect to each Subsidiary of Encad which has issued and outstanding
directors' qualifying shares or other equity interests (howsoever denominated)
held by Persons other than Encad, Encad will cause each owner thereof to sell,
transfer, convey, assign and deliver such shares or interests at Closing to
such Persons as Kodak may designate.

   6.18 Sanwa Bank Releases.

   Prior to Closing, Encad will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
all Encumbrances in favor of Sanwa Bank California, including Encumbrances
filed with the United State Patent and Trademark Office, to be released and
discharged.

                         ARTICLE 7. COVENANTS OF KODAK

   7.1 Preparation of Registration Statement, Etc.

   Kodak will promptly prepare the Registration Statement and the Proxy
State-ment/Pro-spectus and file the same with the SEC, will cooperate with
Encad in its preparation of the Proxy Statement, and will use commercially
reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective under
the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing. Kodak will
also take any action (other than qualifying to conduct business in any
jurisdiction in which it is now not so qualified) required to be taken under
any applicable state securities Laws in connection with the issuance of Kodak
Common Stock in the Merger in the event that the Merger Consideration is the
Stock Merger Consideration. Kodak will cause Sub to perform all of its
obligations under this Agreement.

   7.2 Stock Exchange Listing.

   In the event that the Merger Consideration is the Stock Merger
Consideration, prior to the Closing Date, Kodak will use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Kodak Common Stock to be issued in
the Merger, and those required to be reserved for issuance, to be listed on the
NYSE, subject only to official notice of issuance.

   7.3 Certain Liability Matters.

   (a) Kodak or the Surviving Corporation will indemnify and hold harmless, and
provide advancement of expenses to, all past and present directors, officers
and employees of Encad and its Subsidiaries (in all of their capacities) to the
same extent, and under the same terms and conditions, that such Persons are
indemnified or have the right to advancement of expenses by Encad as of the
date of this Agreement pursuant to Encad's certificate of incorporation, bylaws
and indemnification Contracts in existence on the date hereof and provided to
Kodak prior to the date hereof, for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time (including acts or omissions occurring in connection with
the approval of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby).

                                     A-31

   (b) Kodak will assure that either: (i) the Surviving Corporation keeps in
full force and effect for the Insured Period Encad's current policy(ies) of
directors' and officers' liability insurance to cover the acts, errors or
omissions, occurring prior to the Effective Time, of those Persons insured
under such policy(ies) on the date hereof; or (ii) such Persons are provided
similar coverage for the Insured Period by one or more policies of directors'
and officers' liability insurance regularly maintained or specifically arranged
for by Kodak or any of its Subsidiaries. "Insured Period" means the period
commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the earlier of (A) the sixth
anniversary of the Effective Time or (B) the date on which the aggregate
premium costs to Kodak and its Subsidiaries for the insurance coverage
contemplated by this Section 7.3(b) exceeds $750,000.

   (c) The obligations of Kodak under this Section 7.3 will not be terminated
or modified in such a manner as to adversely affect any indemnitee to whom this
Section 7.3 applies without the consent of such affected indemnitee (it being
expressly agreed that the indemnitees to whom this Section 7.3 applies will be
intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 7.3).

                 ARTICLE 8. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF EACH PARTY

   8.1 Additional Agreements; Commercially Reasonable Efforts.

   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of the parties
agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to take or cause to be taken all
action, and to do or cause to be done all things necessary, proper or advisable
under applicable Laws, to consummate and make effective the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, subject to Stockholder Approval, including
cooperating fully with the other parties, providing information, making all
necessary filings and giving all necessary notices in connection with, among
other things, Competition Laws, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and state
securities Laws. Each of the parties will take or cause to be taken all
reasonable actions necessary to obtain (and will cooperate with each other in
obtaining) any consent, authorization, order or approval of, or any exemption
by, any Governmental Entity or other public or private third party, required to
be obtained or made by any of them in connection with the Merger or the taking
of any action contemplated by this Agreement. In case at any time after the
Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full title
to all properties, assets, rights, approvals, immunities and franchises of
either of the Constituent Corporations, each party will reasonably cooperate to
take all such necessary action.

   8.2 Expenses.

   Kodak and Encad will each bear its respective legal, accounting and other
expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, whether or
not the Merger is consummated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the expenses of
printing the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and mailing the same to the
stockholders of Encad will be borne by Kodak and Encad in equal portions.

   8.3 Reorganization.

   In the event that the Merger Consideration is the Stock Merger
Consideration: (a) from and after the date hereof, neither Kodak nor Encad nor
any of their respective Subsidiaries or other Affiliates will knowingly take,
or fail to take, any action which would jeopardize qualification of the Merger
as a reorganization within the meaning of section 368 of the Code, or enter
into any Contract with respect to the foregoing; (b) following the Effective
Time, Kodak will use commercially reasonable efforts to conduct the business of
the Surviving Corporation, and will cause the Surviving Corporation to use
commercially reasonable efforts to conduct its business, in a manner which
would not jeopardize the characterization of the Merger as a reorganization
within the meaning of section 368 of the Code; (c) each of Kodak and the
Surviving Corporation will file all federal and state income Tax returns
consistent with the treatment of the Merger as a reorganization within the
meaning of section 368 of the Code; and (d) each of Kodak, Sub and Encad will
provide to Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP such representation letters dated
the Closing Date, in customary form and substance, as it has reasonably
requested in connection with the opinion contemplated by Section 9.3(d).

                                     A-32

   8.4 Other Actions.

   Neither Encad nor Kodak will, nor will they permit any of their respective
Subsidiaries to, knowingly take any action that would or is reasonably likely
to cause any of its representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement
to be untrue as of the date made or any of the conditions to the Merger set
forth in Article 9 not to be satisfied. Prior to the Effective Time, each of
the parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to: (a) obtain the
satisfaction of its conditions to Closing as set forth in Article 9 as soon as
practicable; (b) facilitate contacts, negotiations and communications with any
Persons reasonably necessary to insure a smooth transition of control of the
Business; and (c) assist one another in obtaining any consents required or
desirable from any Person to effect the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

   8.5 Confidentiality.

   Kodak and Sub (treated as one party for this purpose) and Encad (each, the
"Receiving Party") will, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
its Affiliates, employees, representatives and agents to, hold in strict
confidence all Confidential Information of the other party (each, the
"Disclosing Party"), unless compelled to disclose the same by judicial or
administrative process or, in the opinion of counsel, by other Laws; provided,
however, that in either such case the Receiving Party will provide the
Disclosing Party with prompt prior notice thereof so that the Disclosing Party
may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance
with the provisions of this Section 8.5. In the event that such protective
order or other remedy is not obtained, or the Disclosing Party waives
compliance with the provisions hereof, the Receiving Party will furnish only
that portion of Confidential Information which, in the written advice of the
Receiving Party's counsel, is required, and the Receiving Party will exercise
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain reliable assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded such of the disclosed Confidential Information as
the Disclosing Party so designates. The Receiving Party will not otherwise
disclose Confidential Information to any Person, except with the consent of the
Disclosing Party. In the event that the Merger is not consummated, the
Receiving Party will promptly return all Confidential Information to the
Disclosing Party. For the purposes hereof, "Confidential Information" means all
information of any kind concerning the Disclosing Party or any of its
Affiliates, obtained directly or indirectly from the Disclosing Party or any of
its Affiliates, employees, representatives or agents in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby, except information (a) ascertainable or
obtained from public or published sources, (b) received from a third party not
known by the Receiving Party to be under an obligation to keep such information
confidential, (c) which is or becomes known to the public (other than through a
breach of this Agreement), or (d) which was in the Receiving Party's possession
prior to disclosure thereof to the Receiving Party and which was not subject to
any obligation to keep such information confidential. The Receiving Party
recognizes that any breach of the provisions of this Section 8.5 would result
in irreparable harm to the Disclosing Party and its Affiliates and, therefore,
that the Disclosing Party will be entitled to an injunction to prohibit any
such breach or anticipated breach, without the necessity of posting a bond,
cash or otherwise, in addition to all of its other legal and equitable remedies.

   8.6 Publicity.

   Each party will use commercially reasonable efforts to: (a) develop a joint
communications plan with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; (b)
ensure that all press releases and other public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby are consistent with such joint communications
plan; (c) unless otherwise required by applicable Law or by obligations
pursuant to any listing agreement with or rules of any securities exchange,
mutually agree on the timing and content of all press releases and other public
statements with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (d) if required by applicable Law or obligations pursuant to any
listing agreement to issue a press release or make any other public statement
without such mutual agreement, then notify each other before issuing such press
release or other public statement.

                                     A-33

            ARTICLE 9. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO PARTIES' OBLIGATIONS

   9.1 Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger.

   The respective obligations of Encad, Kodak and Sub to effect the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction prior to the Closing Date of each of the following
conditions:

      (a) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement will have become
   effective under the Securities Act and will not be the subject of any stop
   order or proceedings seeking a stop order.

      (b) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement will have been adopted by the
   affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Encad Common Stock
   outstanding on the record date for the vote.

      (c) NYSE Listing. In the event that the Merger Consideration is the Stock
   Merger Consideration, the shares of Kodak Common Stock issuable to holders
   of Encad Common Stock in the Merger, and those shares required to be
   reserved for issuance, will have been authorized for listing on the NYSE
   upon official notice of issuance.

      (d) Governmental Approvals. Other than the filing provided for by Section
   2.1, all licenses, franchises, certificates, permits, accreditations,
   authorizations, consents, orders or approvals of, or registrations,
   declarations or filings with, or expirations of waiting periods imposed by,
   any Governmental Entity the failure to obtain which would materially delay,
   prevent or hinder the consummation of the Merger, will have occurred, been
   filed or been obtained, including any authorizations, filings or notices
   required under Competition Laws; and, in the event that the Merger
   Consideration is the Stock Merger Consideration, Kodak will have received
   all state securities or "Blue Sky" permits and other authorizations
   necessary to issue the Kodak Common Stock in exchange for the Encad Common
   Stock and to consummate the Merger.

      (e) No Injunctions or Restraints. No temporary restraining order,
   preliminary or permanent injunction or other order or Law issued by any
   court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Entity, or other legal
   restraint or prohibition, preventing the consummation of the Merger will be
   in effect.

   9.2 Conditions to Obligations of Kodak and Sub.

   The obligations of Kodak and Sub to effect the Merger are subject to the
satisfaction of the following additional conditions, unless waived by Kodak:

      (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of
   Encad set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to materiality or an
   Encad Material Adverse Effect will be true and correct, and those that are
   not so qualified will be true and correct in all material respects, in each
   case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, with the
   same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing Date, in each case
   except for representations and warranties that speak only as of a specific
   date, which will have been true and correct as of such date (it being
   understood that for purposes of determining the accuracy of such
   representations or warranties, any updates or amendments to the Encad
   Disclosure Letter not made in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.4
   will be disregarded); and Kodak will have received a certificate to such
   effect signed on behalf of Encad by its Certifying Officers.

      (b) Performance of Obligations of Encad. Encad will have performed in all
   material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this
   Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Kodak will have received a
   certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Encad by its Certifying
   Officers.

      (c) No Encad Material Adverse Effect. Between the date hereof and the
   Closing Date, there will not have occurred or been discovered one or more
   events or conditions which have, or which may reasonably be expected to
   have, individually or in the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse Effect,
   and Kodak will have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf
   of Encad by its Certifying Officers.

      (d) Maintenance of Encad Net Worth. As of the month-end immediately
   preceding the Closing Date, the consolidated shareholders' equity of Encad
   and its Subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP, will be at least
   $24,000,000.

                                     A-34

      (e) No Amendments to Resolutions. Neither the board of directors of Encad
   nor any committee thereof will have amended, modified, rescinded or repealed
   the resolutions heretofore adopted by the board of directors which approve
   this Agreement, the consummation of the Merger and the performance of all of
   Encad's and the board of directors' obligations hereunder, and will not have
   adopted any other resolutions in connection with this Agreement and the
   transactions contemplated hereby inconsistent with such resolutions, and
   Kodak will have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of
   Encad by its Certifying Officers.

      (f) Certificates of Incorporation. With respect to Encad and each of its
   Subsidiaries, Kodak will have received a copy, certified as of a date
   reasonably proximate to the Closing Date by the Secretary of State (or other
   appropriate Governmental Entity) of its jurisdiction of organization, of its
   complete certificate of incorporation (or similar organizational document),
   including all amendments to date.

      (g) Consents Under Agreements. Encad will have obtained the consent or
   approval of each Person whose consent or approval is required in order to
   permit the continuation or succession by the Surviving Corporation pursuant
   to the Merger to any obligation, right or interest of Encad or any of its
   Subsidiaries under any Intellectual Property or Contract, except for (i)
   consent from Hewlett-Packard Company, (ii) consent from Oce Nederlander B.V.
   (assuming that Encad demonstrates to Kodak's reasonable satisfaction that it
   has used best efforts to obtain such consent), and (iii) those for which
   failure to obtain such consents and approvals would not, individually or in
   the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the consummation of the
   Merger or an Encad Material Adverse Effect, and Kodak will have received a
   certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Encad by its Certifying
   Officers.

      (h) Letter of Encad's Accountants. Kodak will have received the letter of
   Deloitte & Touche LLP referred to in Section 6.8.

      (i) Voting Agreements. Prior to the filing of the Registration Statement,
   Kodak will have received from each member of the board of directors and each
   executive officer of Encad an executed copy of an agreement substantially in
   the form of Exhibit A.

      (j) Affiliates' Agreements. In the event that the Merger Consideration is
   the Stock Merger Consideration, Kodak will have received: (i) the letter
   from Encad referred to in Section 6.11; and (ii) from each Person named in
   the letter referred to in Section 6.11, an executed copy of an agreement
   substantially in the form of Exhibit B.

      (k) Purcell Release Agreement. Encad and David A. Purcell will have
   executed and delivered to Kodak the release agreement substantially in the
   form of Exhibit C.

      (l) Vandewarker Employment Agreement. Encad and Terry E. Vande-warker
   will have executed and delivered to Kodak the amended and integrated
   employment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D.

      (m) Dissenting Shares. Prior to the taking of the vote on the Merger, if
   Cash Merger Consideration is to be paid, written notice of assertion of
   rights of appraisal in accordance with Section 262 of the GCL will not have
   been delivered with respect to more than 10 percent of the outstanding
   shares of Encad Common Stock.

      (n) Other Closing Deliveries. Kodak will have received the following:

          (i) the listing required by Section 6.12;

          (ii) reasonable evidence of satisfaction of the covenants contained
       in Section 6.15;

          (iii) effective instruments of transfer transferring and conveying to
       such Persons as Kodak may have designated all right, title and interest
       in and to all outstanding directors' qualifying shares or other equity
       interests (howsoever denominated) issued by any Subsidiary of Encad to
       any Person other than Encad;

          (iv) duly executed resignations of all directors and officers of
       Encad and each of its Subsidiaries (in those capacities and not as
       employees), except to the extent the same is not permitted by non-U.S.
       Law or custom;

                                     A-35

          (v) certificates of good standing and Tax clearances as of a date
       reasonably proximate to the Closing Date with respect to Encad and each
       of its Subsidiaries from the respective Secretaries of State (or other
       appropriate Governmental Entities) of its jurisdiction of organization
       and each other jurisdiction listed in section 4.1 of the Encad
       Disclosure Letter;

          (vi) in the event that the Merger Consideration is the Stock Merger
       Consideration, a copy of the Tax opinion contemplated by Section 9.3(d);
       and

          (vii) a copy of the written opinion of the Financial Advisor
       contemplated by Section 4.22.

   9.3 Conditions to Obligations of Encad.

   The obligation of Encad to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction
of the following additional conditions, unless waived by Encad:

      (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of
   Kodak set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to materiality or a
   Kodak Material Adverse Effect will be true and correct, and those that are
   not so qualified will be true and correct in all material respects, in each
   case as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, with the
   same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing Date, in each case
   except for representations and warranties that speak only as of a specific
   date, which will have been true and correct as of such date; and Encad will
   have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Kodak by its
   Certifying Officer.

      (b) Performance of Obligations of Kodak and Sub. Kodak and Sub will have
   performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed
   by them under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date, and Encad will
   have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Kodak by its
   Certifying Officer.

      (c) No Amendments to Resolutions. Neither the Corporate Finance Committee
   of Kodak nor any delegate thereof will have amended, modified, rescinded or
   repealed the resolutions heretofore adopted by the Corporate Finance
   Committee which approve this Agreement, the consummation of the Merger and
   the performance of all of Kodak's obligations hereunder, and will not have
   adopted any other resolutions in connection with this Agreement and the
   transactions contemplated hereby inconsistent with such resolutions, and
   Encad will have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of
   Kodak by its Certifying Officer.

      (d) Tax Opinion. In the event that the Merger Consideration is the Stock
   Merger Consideration, Encad will have received the opinion of Brobeck,
   Phleger & Harrison LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it,
   that the Merger will constitute a reorganization under section 368 of the
   Code.

                            ARTICLE 10. TERMINATION

   10.1 Termination.

   This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time,
whether before or after Stockholder Approval:

      (a) by mutual consent of the Corporate Finance Committee of Kodak and the
   board of directors of Encad;

      (b) by Kodak, upon notice to Encad, if (without any breach by Kodak of
   any of its obligations hereunder) compliance with any condition set forth in
   Sections 9.1 or 9.2 becomes impossible, and such failure of compliance is
   not waived by Kodak;

      (c) by Encad, upon notice to Kodak, if (without any breach by Encad of
   any of its obligations hereunder) compliance with any condition set forth in
   Sections 9.1 or 9.3 becomes impossible, and such failure of compliance is
   not waived by Encad;

                                     A-36

      (d) by Kodak or by Encad, upon notice to the other, at any time after
   March 31, 2002 if Closing has not occurred by that date (except that the
   right to terminate under this Section 10.1(d) will not be available to any
   party whose failure to perform its obligations hereunder has been the cause
   of the failure of Closing to occur by such date); provided, however, that if
   failure of Closing to occur by such date is the result of delay associated
   with review of the Registration Statement by the SEC, and on the condition
   that the parties continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to have the
   Registration Statement declared effective, then the parties hereby agree to
   extend such date to a date not more than 35 days after the date the SEC
   agrees that the Registration Statement can be declared effective, in which
   event such later date will be the applicable date for purposes of this
   Section 10.1(d); or

      (e) by Kodak or by Encad, upon notice to the other, if: (i) the board of
   directors of Encad withdraws, modifies, conditions, or fails to give its
   recommendation to the stockholders of Encad that they adopt this Agreement
   because the board of directors concludes, in good faith, after receiving
   written advice from counsel, that the failure to take such action could
   reasonably be expected to constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to the
   stockholders of Encad under applicable Law; and (ii) Encad enters into an
   agreement providing for, or authorizes or consummates, a Superior Proposal,
   but only at a time that is (A) prior to adoption of this Agreement by the
   stockholders of Encad and (B) after the second Trading Day following Kodak's
   receipt of written notice from Encad advising that the board of directors of
   Encad is prepared to accept a Superior Proposal, specifying the material
   terms and conditions of the Superior Proposal and identifying the Person
   making the Superior Proposal. "Superior Proposal" means any offer not
   solicited in violation of the provisions of Section 6.6 and made by a third
   party to consummate an Acquisition Transaction, which the board of directors
   of Encad determines in good faith has a reasonable likelihood of closing and
   otherwise on terms which the board of directors of Encad determines in good
   faith (after consultation with a financial advisor of nationally recognized
   reputation and considering such other matters as it deems relevant) would,
   if consummated, result in a transaction more favorable to the stockholders
   of Encad than the Merger, taking into account, in the reasonable good faith
   judgment of the board of directors of Encad after consultation with its
   financial advisor, the availability to the Person making the Superior
   Proposal of the financial means to consummate such transaction.

   10.2 Effect of Termination.

   In the event of termination of this Agreement by any party, this Agreement
will immediately become void and of no effect, and there will be no liability
or obligation on the part of Kodak, Sub, Encad or any of their respective
officers or directors to any other party hereto, except (a) as otherwise
provided by Section 10.3, and (b) in the case of willful material breach of
this Agreement.

   10.3 Damages in Certain Circumstances.

      (a) If this Agreement is terminated by Kodak as provided by Section
   10.1(b), and the failure of a representation or warranty contemplated by
   Section 9.2(a) or the occurrence of a Encad Material Adverse Effect
   contemplated by Section 9.2(c) arose solely as a result of the assertion of
   a Claim against Encad relating to Intellectual Property, then Kodak will
   promptly pay to Encad, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, the
   amount of $2,000,000; provided, however, that Encad will not be entitled to
   such payment if it is then in material breach of its obligations under this
   Agreement. The parties agree that the provisions of this Section 10.3(a) are
   reasonable in light of the costs and expenses borne and to be borne by Encad
   in furtherance of consummation of the Merger and the losses and competitive
   disadvantage Encad would suffer as a result of devoting significant
   attention to consummation of the Merger to the exclusion of pursuing other
   business opportunities.

      (b) If this Agreement is terminated as provided by Section 10.1(e), then
   Encad will promptly pay to Kodak, as liquidated damages and not as a
   penalty, the amount of $1,000,000; provided, however, that Kodak will not be
   entitled to such payment if it is then in material breach of its obligations
   under this Agreement. The parties agree that the provisions of this Section
   10.3(b) are reasonable in light of the costs and expenses borne and to be
   borne by Kodak in furtherance of consummation of the Merger and the losses

                                     A-37

   and competitive disadvantage Kodak would suffer as a result of devoting
   significant attention to consummation of the Merger to the exclusion of
   pursuing other business opportunities.

                            ARTICLE 11. IN GENERAL

   11.1 No Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements.

   The representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement
or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement will terminate at the
Effective Time.

   11.2 Amendment; Waiver.

   This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before or after
Stockholder Approval but, after Stockholder Approval, no amendment will be made
which by Law requires further approval by the stockholders of Encad without
such further approval. This Agreement may not be amended except by an
instrument in writing signed by each of the parties. No waiver of compliance
with any provision or condition hereof, and no consent provided for herein,
will be effective unless evidenced by an instrument in writing duly executed by
the party sought to be charged therewith. No failure on the part of any party
to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any of its rights hereunder will
operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise by either
party of any right preclude any other or future exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right.

   11.3 Notices.

   Each notice and other communication given hereunder will be in writing and
will be deemed given when delivered personally, sent by telecopier (receipt of
which is confirmed), or mailed, freight prepaid, by internationally recognized
overnight courier (with receipt confirmed) to the party for which it is
intended at the following address (or at such other address for a party as is
specified by like notice):

       (a) if to Encad prior to the Effective Time, to:

           Encad, Inc.
           6059 Cornerstone Court West
           San Diego, California 92121
           Attention: President and Chief Executive Officer
           Fax: (858) 452-6469

           with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:
           Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
           550 South Hope Street
           Los Angeles, California 90071-2604
           Attention: Richard S. Chernicoff
           Fax: (213) 745-3345

      (b) if to Kodak or Sub, or to the Surviving Corporation after the
   Effective Time, to:

           Eastman Kodak Company
           343 State Street
           Rochester, New York 14650-0218
           Attention: President, Kodak Professional Division
           Fax: (716) 724-9629

           and to:
           Eastman Kodak Company
           343 State Street
           Rochester, New York 14650-0218
           Attention: General Counsel
           Fax: (716) 724-9549

                                     A-38

           with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:
           Harter, Secrest & Emery LLP
           1600 Bausch & Lomb Place
           Rochester, New York 14604-2711
           Attention: Craig S. Wittlin
           Fax: (716) 232-2152

   11.4 Encad Disclosure Letter and Other Instruments.

   The Encad Disclosure Letter, each certificate provided hereunder and each
written disclosure required hereby is incorporated by reference into this
Agreement and will be considered a part hereof as if set forth herein in full;
provided, however, that information set forth in the Encad Disclosure Letter or
in any certification or written disclosure constitutes a representation and
warranty of the party providing the same, and not the mutual agreement of the
parties as to the facts therein stated. The Encad Disclosure Letter may not be
amended or updated after the date of its delivery, except: (a) by mutual
written agreement of Kodak and Encad; or (b) that any of sections 4.11(a),
4.11(g), 4.18(b) or 4.19(m) of the Encad Disclosure Letter may be amended or
updated by notice to Kodak so long as the information disclosed by each such
amendment or update: (i) could not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, an Encad Material Adverse Effect; and (ii) is not, and
should not have been, within the knowledge of Encad as of the date hereof.

   11.5 Inferences.

   Inasmuch as this Agreement is the result of negotiations between
sophisticated parties of equal bargaining power represented by counsel, no
inference in favor of or against any party will be drawn from the fact that any
portion of this Agreement has been drafted by or on behalf of such party.

   11.6 Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue.

   This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws
of the State of Delaware without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.
The parties agree that the sole and exclusive forum for any Claim related to
this Agreement, the interpretation or construction hereof and the transactions
contemplated hereby will be the Court of Chancery of and for the County of New
Castle, State of Delaware. Each party unconditionally and irrevocably agrees
not to bring any Claim in any other forum and not to plead or otherwise attempt
to defeat the trial of such a matter in such court whether by asserting that
such court is an inconvenient forum, lacks jurisdiction (personal or other) or
otherwise. EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES THAT IT IS NOT ENTITLED TO TRIAL BY JURY IN
THE COURT OF CHANCERY.

   11.7 Assignment.

   Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations
hereunder may be assigned by any of the parties (whether by operation of Law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties, except that
Sub may assign, in its sole discretion, any or all of its rights, interests and
obligations hereunder to any direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of Kodak.

   11.8 Benefit.

   Subject to express provisions herein to the contrary, this Agreement will
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their
respective legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. Except as
provided by Section 7.3, this Agreement is not intended to confer upon any
Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.

   11.9 Entire Agreement; Rights of Ownership.

   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof. The parties acknowledge that no party or
other Person will have the right to acquire or will be deemed to have acquired
shares of the capital stock of any other party pursuant to the Merger until the
Effective Time.

                                     A-39

   11.10 Headings.

   The heading references herein and the tables and indexes hereto are for
convenience purposes only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and will
not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

   11.11 Counterparts.

   This Agreement, and any document or instrument required or permitted
hereunder, may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an
original and all of which together will constitute but one and the same
instrument.

                           [signature page follows]

                                     A-40

   In Witness Whereof, each of Kodak, Sub and Encad have caused this Agreement
and Plan of Merger to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above
written.

                                          EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY

                                          By:    /s/  KAREL K. CZANDERNA
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name: Karel K. Czanderna
                                             Title: Vice President

                                          KODAK ACQUISITION CORP.

                                          By:    /s/  KAREL K. CZANDERNA
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name: Karel K. Czanderna
                                             Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                          ENCAD, INC.

                                          By:   /s/ TERRY E. VANDEWARKER
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Name: Terry E. Vandewarker
                                             Title: Chief Executive Officer and
                                               President

                                     A-41

                                                                        ANNEX B

                               November 14, 2001

Board of Directors
Encad, Inc.
6059 Cornerstone Court West
San Diego, CA 92121-3734

Members of the Board of Directors:

   You have requested our opinion as to the fairness from a financial point of
view to the stockholders of Encad, Inc. (the "Company"), of the consideration
proposed to be received by such stockholders provided for in connection with
the proposed merger (the "Merger") of a wholly owned subsidiary of Eastman
Kodak Company (the "Purchaser") with the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the
November 12, 2001 draft of an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement"),
to be entered into among the Company, the Purchaser and Kodak Acquisition Corp.
("Acquisition Sub"), the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Purchaser, and stockholders of the Company will receive for each share of
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (the "Company Common
Stock"), held by them, other than shares held in treasury or held by the
Purchaser or any affiliate of the Purchaser, consideration (the "Stock Merger
Consideration") equal to that fractional number of shares of Common Stock, par
value $2.50 per share, of the Purchaser (the "Purchaser Common Stock"), that
results from dividing $2.00 by the average of the closing sales price per share
of the Purchaser Common Stock as reported on the NYSE for the ten trading days
ending on and including the second trading day preceding the date of the
stockholders meeting to consider adoption of the agreement (the "Market
Price"). If the Market Price is less than $27.00, each stockholder of the
Company will receive, at the Purchaser's election, either the Stock Merger
Consideration or a cash amount equal to $2.00 for each share of the Company
Common Stock held by them (the "Cash Merger Consideration"). The terms and
conditions of the Merger are more fully set out in the Agreement.

   For purposes of the opinion set forth herein, we have:

   (i) reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       business and financial information of the Company and the Purchaser,
       respectively;

  (ii) reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
       operating data concerning the Company;

 (iii) analyzed certain financial forecasts prepared by the management of the
       Company;

  (iv) discussed the past and current operations, financial condition and
       prospects of the Company with senior executives of the Company;

   (v) reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for the Company Common
       Stock and the trading activity for the Purchaser Common Stock;

  (vi) compared the financial performance of the Company and the prices and
       trading activity of the Company Common Stock with that of certain other
       publicly traded companies we deemed relevant;

 (vii) compared certain financial terms to financial terms, to the extent
       publicly available, of certain other business combination transactions
       we deemed relevant;

(viii) reviewed the Agreement and certain related documents; and

  (ix) performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as we
       have deemed appropriate.

                                      B-1

   We have assumed that the definitive agreement for the Merger will be the
same as the Agreement and that the Merger will be consummated as contemplated
in the Agreement, with full satisfaction of all covenants and conditions and
without any waivers.

   With your consent, because of the "fixed value" nature of the price
structure of the Merger and the relationship of the number of shares of
Purchaser Common Stock anticipated to be issued in the Merger to the total
market capitalization and historical average daily trading volume of Purchaser
Common Stock, we have not conducted specific due-diligence on the Purchaser, or
performed accretion/dilution, contribution, or exchange ratio analyses for the
Merger. We have assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the
accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information reviewed by us
for the purposes of this opinion. With respect to the financial forecasts, we
have assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the
best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the future
financial performance of the Company. Although we note that the Company's
reported book value at September 30, 2001 was $2.50 per share, we have not
conducted any independent valuation, analysis or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities of the Company, either on a "going concern" or liquidation basis,
nor have we been furnished with any such valuation, analysis or appraisal.

   We did not participate in negotiations with respect to the terms of the
Merger. No opinion is expressed as to whether any alternative transaction might
produce consideration for the Company's stockholders in an amount in excess of
that contemplated in the Merger.

   We have acted as sole financial advisor to the board of directors of the
Company in connection with this transaction and will receive a fee for our
services, a portion of which is contingent upon the consummation of the Merger.
In the past, Banc of America Securities LLC or it affiliates have provided
financial advisory and financing services for the Company and have received
fees for the rendering of these services. In the ordinary course of our
businesses, we and our affiliates may actively trade the equity securities of
the Company and the Purchaser for our own account or for the accounts of
customers and, accordingly, we or our affiliates may at any time hold long or
short positions in such securities.

   It is understood that this letter is for the benefit and use of the Board of
Directors of the Company in connection with and for purposes of its evaluation
of the Merger and is not on behalf of any person other than the Board of
Directors. This opinion may not be disclosed, referred to, or communicated (in
whole or in part) to any third party for any purpose whatsoever except with our
prior written consent in each instance. However, this opinion may be included
in its entirety in any filing made by the Company in respect of the Merger with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, so long as this opinion is reproduced
in such filing in full and any description of or reference to us or summary of
this opinion and the related analysis in such filing is in a form reasonably
acceptable to us and our counsel. In furnishing this opinion, we do not admit
that we are experts within the meaning of the term "experts" as used in the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, nor do we admit that this opinion
constitutes a report or valuation within the meaning of Section 11 of the
Securities Act. Our opinion is necessarily based on economic, market and other
conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to us as of, the
date hereof. It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect
this opinion and we do not have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm
this opinion. This opinion does not in any manner address the prices at which
the Purchaser Common Stock will trade following consummation of the Merger. In
addition, Banc of America Securities LLC expresses no opinion or recommendation
as to how the stockholders of the Company should vote at the stockholders'
meeting held in connection with the Merger.

   Based upon and subject to the foregoing, including the various assumptions
and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion on the date hereof that
the consideration to be received by the Company's stockholders in the proposed
Merger is fair from a financial point of view to the Company's stockholders.

                                          Very truly yours.

                                          BANC OF AMERICA SECURITIES LLC

                                      B-2

                                                                        ANNEX C

              SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

Section 262. Appraisal Rights.

   (a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock
on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this
section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through
the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied
with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the
merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to (S)228 of
this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the
fair value of the stockholder's shares of stock under the circumstances
described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section,
the word "stockholder" means a holder of record of stock in a stock corporation
and also a member of record of a nonstock corporation; the words "stock" and
"share" mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words and also
membership or membership interest of a member of a nonstock corporation; and
the words "depository receipt" mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in one or more shares, or fractions
thereof, solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the
depository.

   (b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or
series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or consolidation to be
effected pursuant to (S)251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to (S)251(g)
of this title), (S)252, (S)254, (S)257, (S)258, (S)263 or (S)264 of this title:

      (1) Provided, however, that no appraisal rights under this section shall
   be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or
   depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to
   determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the
   meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or
   consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or
   designated as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
   system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or (ii) held
   of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no appraisal
   rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the constituent
   corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require for its
   approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as
   provided in subsection (f) of (S)251 of this title.

      (2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) of this subsection, appraisal rights
   under this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series
   of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by
   the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to (S)(S)251,
   252, 254, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for such stock
   anything except:

          a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from
       such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in respect thereof;

          b. Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts
       in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository receipts in
       respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the
       merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national securities
       exchange or designated as a national market system security on an
       interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities
       Dealers, Inc. or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

          c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
       receipts described in the foregoing subparagraphs a. and b. of this
       paragraph; or

          d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and
       cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts
       described in the foregoing subparagraphs a., b. and c. of this paragraph.

                                      C-1

      (3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation
   party to a merger effected under (S)253 of this title is not owned by the
   parent corporation immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall
   be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

   (c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that
appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a
constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets
of the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a
provision, the procedures of this section, including those set forth in
subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is
practicable.

   (d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

      (1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are
   provided under this section is to be submitted for approval at a meeting of
   stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting,
   shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record date for
   such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available
   pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) hereof that appraisal rights are available
   for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall
   include in such notice a copy of this section. Each stockholder electing to
   demand the appraisal of such stockholder's shares shall deliver to the
   corporation, before the taking of the vote on the merger or consolidation, a
   written demand for appraisal of such stockholder's shares. Such demand will
   be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of
   the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
   appraisal of such stockholder's shares. A proxy or vote against the merger
   or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing
   to take such action must do so by a separate written demand as herein
   provided. Within 10 days after the effective date of such merger or
   consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each
   stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied with this
   subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or
   consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become
   effective; or

      (2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to (S)228 or
   (S)253 of this title, each constituent corporation, either before the
   effective date of the merger or consolidation or within ten days thereafter,
   shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such
   constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights of the approval
   of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for
   any or all shares of such class or series of stock of such constituent
   corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of this section;
   provided that, if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the
   merger or consolidation, such notice shall be given by the surviving or
   resulting corporation to all such holders of any class or series of stock of
   a constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights. Such notice
   may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger or
   consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the effective date of
   the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to appraisal rights
   may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice, demand in
   writing from the surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such
   holder's shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the
   corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder
   intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such holder's shares. If such
   notice did not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
   consolidation, either (i) each such constituent corporation shall send a
   second notice before the effective date of the merger or consolidation
   notifying each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such
   constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights of the
   effective date of the merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or
   resulting corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders on
   or within 10 days after such effective date; provided, however, that if such
   second notice is sent more than 20 days following the sending of the first
   notice, such second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is
   entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of such holder's
   shares in accordance with this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or
   assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the corporation that is
   required to give either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the
   absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For
   purposes of determining the stockholders

                                      C-2

   entitled to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix, in
   advance, a record date that shall be not more than 10 days prior to the date
   the notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the
   effective date of the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such
   effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to
   the effective date, the record date shall be the close of business on the
   day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

   (e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder who has complied with
subsections (a) and (d) hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal
rights, may file a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination
of the value of the stock of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder shall have the right to withdraw such
stockholder's demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the
merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of
subsections (a) and (d) hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to
receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the
consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not
voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands
for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares. Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10
days after such stockholder's written request for such a statement is received
by the surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of
the period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) hereof,
whichever is later.

   (f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy
thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting corporation, which shall
within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in
Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their
shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been
reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be
filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the
hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or
resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the
addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more
publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of
general circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such
publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and
by publication shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be
borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

   (g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the
stockholders who have complied with this section and who have become entitled
to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded
an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to
submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder
fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as
to such stockholder.

   (h) After determining the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the Court
shall appraise the shares, determining their fair value exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger
or consolidation, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair
value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. In determining
the fair rate of interest, the Court may consider all relevant factors,
including the rate of interest that the surviving or resulting corporation
would have had to pay to borrow money during the pendency of the proceeding.
Upon application by the surviving or resulting corporation or by any
stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may,
in its discretion, permit discovery or other pretrial proceedings and may
proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the
stockholder entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name appears on the
list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f)
of this section and who has submitted such stockholder's certificates of stock
to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in all
proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder is not
entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

                                      C-3

   (i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares,
together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting corporation to
the stockholders entitled thereto. Interest may be simple or compound, as the
Court may direct. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the
case of holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of
shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Court's decree may be enforced as
other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving
or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

   (j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed
upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all
the shares entitled to an appraisal.

   (k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no
stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of
this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or
other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior
to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that
if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in
subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder's
demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation,
either within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation
as provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal
shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the
Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval
of the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court
deems just.

   (l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares
of such objecting stockholders would have been converted had they assented to
the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued
shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

                                      C-4

     PROXY
                                  ENCAD, INC.

         This Proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors.

        The undersigned hereby appoints Terry E. Vandewarker and Thomas L.
     Green, or either of them, as proxies, with full power of substitution, to
     vote all shares of common stock which the undersigned is entitled to vote
     at a Special Meeting of Stockholders of ENCAD, Inc. to be held on      ,
          , 2002, or at any postponements or adjournments thereof, as specified
     on the other side, and to vote in his discretion on such other business as
     may properly come before the meeting and any adjournments thereof.

                        PLEASE PROMPTLY PLACE YOUR VOTE
                      (SEE REVERSE SIDE FOR INSTRUCTIONS)

                                  ENCAD, INC.
PLEASE MARK YOUR VOTE IN THE BOX IN THE FOLLOWING MANNER USING DARK INK ONLY.
                                      [X]

     The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR Items 1 and 2.
      1. Adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 14,
         2001, by and among Eastman Kodak Company, Kodak Acquisition Corp. and
         ENCAD, Inc.
                 [_] For           [_] Against         [_] Abstain
      2. Granting proxies discretionary authority.
                        [_] For           [_] Withheld
                                               _____________________
                                               Signature        Date

                                               _____________________
                                               Signature (if held jointly)
                                               Date

                                               Note: Please sign as
                                               name appears on this
                                               proxy. Joint owners
                                               should each sign.
                                               When signing as
                                               attorney, executor,
                                               trustee or guardian,
                                               please give full
                                               title.

               (triangle up) FOLD AND DETACH HERE (triangle up)

                                    Part II

                    INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

Item 20. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.

   The New Jersey Business Corporation Act provides that a New Jersey
corporation has the power to indemnify a director or officer against his or her
expenses and liabilities in connection with any proceeding involving the
director or officer by reason of his or her being or having been such a
director or officer, other than a proceeding by or in the right of the
corporation, if such a director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner
he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the corporation; and with respect to any criminal proceeding, such director or
officer had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.

   The New Jersey Business Corporation Act further provides that
indemnification and advancement of expenses shall not exclude any other rights,
including the right to be indemnified against liabilities and expenses incurred
in proceedings by or in the right of the corporation, to which a director or
officer may be entitled under a certificate of incorporation, by-law,
agreement, vote of shareholders, or otherwise; provided that no indemnification
shall be made to or on behalf of a director or officer if a judgment or other
final adjudication adverse to the director or officer establishes that his or
her acts or omissions (a) were in breach of his or her duty of loyalty to the
corporation or its shareholders, (b) were not in good faith or involved a
knowing violation of law or (c) resulted in receipt by the director or officer
of an improper personal benefit.

   The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Eastman Kodak Company, a New
Jersey corporation ("Kodak"), provides that to the fullest extent permitted by
the New Jersey Business Corporation Act, directors and officers of Kodak shall
not be personally liable to Kodak or its shareholders for damages for breach of
any duty owed to Kodak or its shareholders, except that a director or officer
shall not be relieved from liability for any breach of duty based upon an act
or omission (a) in breach of such person's duty of loyalty to Kodak or its
shareholders, (b) not in good faith or involving a knowing violation of law or
(c) resulting in receipt by such person of an improper personal benefit.

   Kodak's bylaws provide that to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by
law, Kodak shall provide indemnification for all expenses and liabilities
incurred by any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
Kodak, or who is or was serving at the request of Kodak as a director, officer,
trustee, employee or agent of any other enterprise, or the legal representative
of any such person, and who is or was a party to or threatened to be made a
party to any proceeding, civil, criminal or otherwise in respect of any past,
present or future matter, by reason of the fact that such person is or was
serving in any of the foregoing capacities. Kodak's bylaws further provide that
the determination as to whether an applicant has met the standards to entitle
him or her to indemnification shall be made by a committee of Kodak directors,
not less than three, appointed by the Board of Directors for the purpose, none
of whom shall be parties to the proceedings, or if there are not at least three
directors who are not parties to the proceedings, or if there are three such
directors and the Board of Directors so directs, the determination shall be
made in a written opinion by independent legal counsel designated by the Board
of Directors. The question of indemnification shall not be submitted to
shareholders unless so directed by the Board of Directors.

Item 21. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

   (a) Exhibits.

2.1  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 14, 2001, by and among
     Eastman Kodak Company, Kodak Acquisition Corp. and ENCAD, Inc. is filed as
     Annex A to the proxy statement-prospectus which forms a part of this
     Registration Statement. A brief identification of the contents of all
     omitted exhibits

                                     II-1

    thereto is contained in the  to the merger agreement. Upon
    written request, Kodak will provide to security holders copies of any of
    the referenced omitted exhibits.
5.1  Form of Opinion of the Senior Vice President and General Counsel of
     Eastman Kodak Company
8.1  Form of Opinion of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
23.2 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP
23.3 Consent of the Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Eastman Kodak
     Company (contained in Exhibit 5.1)
23.4 Consent of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP (contained in Exhibit 8.1)
23.5 Form of Consent of Banc of America Securities LLC
24.1 Power of Attorney (included at Page II-4)

   (b) Financial Statement Schedules.

          Not Applicable.

   (c) Reports, Opinions or Appraisals

          The opinion of Banc of America Securities LLC is included as Annex B
       to the proxy statement-prospectus that forms a part of this Registration
       Statement.

Item 22. Undertakings.

   Kodak hereby undertakes:

      (1) to file during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a
   post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (x) to include any
   prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
   amended (the "Securities Act"); (y) to reflect in the prospectus any facts
   or events arising after the effective date of the Registration Statement (or
   the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in
   the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth
   in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase
   or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of
   securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) any deviation
   from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be
   reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange
   Commission (the "Commission") pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate,
   the changes in volume and price represent no more than a twenty percent
   change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in "Calculation of
   the Registration Fee" table in the effective Registration Statement; (z) to
   include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution
   not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material
   change to such information in the registration statement; provided however
   that paragraphs (1)(x) and (1)(y) do not apply if the information required
   to be included in a post effective amendment by those paragraphs is
   contained in periodic reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by
   Kodak or Encad pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
   Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that are incorporated by
   reference in the Registration Statement.

      (2) that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities
   Act, each post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration
   statement relating to the securities offered therein and the offering of
   such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide
   offering thereof;

      (3) to remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment
   any of the securities being registered that remain unsold at the termination
   of the offering.

      (4) that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities
   Act, each filing of Kodak's or Encad's annual report pursuant to Section
   13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each

                                     II-2

   filing of an employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section 15(d)
   of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the Registration
   Statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the
   securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
   shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

      (5) to respond to requests for information that is incorporated by
   reference into the proxy statement/prospectus pursuant to Items 4, 10(b),
   11, or 13 of this Form, within one business day of receipt of such request,
   and to send the incorporated documents by first class mail or other equally
   prompt means. This includes information contained in documents filed
   subsequent to the effective date of the Registration Statement through the
   date of responding to the request.

      (6) to supply by means of a post-effective amendment all information
   concerning a transaction, and the company being acquired involved therein,
   that was not the subject of and included in the registration statement when
   it became effective.

      (7) insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
   Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling
   persons of Kodak pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
   registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Commission such
   indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
   and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
   indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
   registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or
   controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any
   action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or
   controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the
   registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been
   settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
   jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against
   public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the
   final adjudication of such issue.

                                     II-3

                                  SIGNATURES

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, Kodak has duly caused
this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Rochester, State of New York, on
December 5, 2001.

                                          EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY

                                           /S/ DANIEL A. CARP
                                          _____________________________________
                                              Daniel A. Carp, Chairman of the
                                                         Board and
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

   KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears
below constitutes and appoints Gary P. Van Graafeiland, Joyce P. Haag and
Laurence L. Hickey, jointly and severally, his true and lawful
attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and
re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this registration statement (and
registration statements filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) related to this
registration statement), and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power
and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or
necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully and for all intents
and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, this Registration
Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and
on the dates indicated:

          Signature                      Title                     Date
          ---------                      -----                     ----

      /S/ DANIEL A. CARP    Director and Chief Executive     December 5, 2001
   ------------------------   Officer (Principal Executive
        Daniel A. Carp        Officer)

     /S/ ROBERT H. BRUST    Executive Vice President and     December 5, 2001
   ------------------------   Chief Financial Officer
       Robert H. Brust        (Principal Financial Officer)

     /S/ ROBERT P. ROZEK    Controller                       December 5, 2001
   ------------------------   (Principal Accounting Officer)
       Robert P. Rozek

   /S/ RICHARD S. BRADDOCK  Director                         December 5, 2001
   ------------------------
     Richard S. Braddock

    /S/ WILLIAM W. BRADLEY  Director                         December 5, 2001
   ------------------------
      William W. Bradley

   /S/ MARTHA LAYNE COLLINS Director                         December 5, 2001
   ------------------------
     Martha Layne Collins

                                     II-4

                      Signature          Title         Date
                      ---------          -----         ----

                /S/ TIMOTHY M. DONAHUE  Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                  Timothy M. Donahue

                 /S/ ALICE F. EMERSON   Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                   Alice F. Emerson

                   /S/ PAUL E. GRAY     Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                     Paul E. Gray

                  /S/ DURK I. JAGER     Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                    Durk I. Jager

                   /S/ DEBRA L. LEE     Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                     Debra L. Lee

                 /S/ DELANO E. LEWIS    Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                   Delano E. Lewis

                /S/ HECTOR DE J. RUIZ   Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                  Hector de J. Ruiz

                /S/ PATRICIA F. RUSSO   Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                  Patricia F. Russo

               ------------------------ Director December  , 2001
                 Laura D'Andrea Tyson

               /S/ RICHARD A. ZIMMERMAN Director December 5, 2001
               ------------------------
                 Richard A. Zimmerman

                                     II-5

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
Number  Description
- ------  -----------

  2.1   Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 14, 2001 by and among Eastman Kodak
          Company, Kodak Acquisition Corp., and ENCAD, Inc. (filed as Annex A to the proxy statement-
          prospectus which forms a part of this Registration Statement)

  5.1   Form of Opinion of the Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Eastman Kodak Company

  8.1   Form of Opinion of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP

 23.1   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

 23.2   Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP

 23.3   Consent of the Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Eastman Kodak Company (contained
          in Exhibit 5.1)

 23.4   Consent of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP (contained in Exhibit 8.1)

 23.5   Form of Consent of Banc of America Securities LLC

EX-5.1

dex51.txt

OPINION OF THE SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT

                                                                    Exhibit 5.1

December  , 2001

Eastman Kodak Company
343 State Street
Rochester, New York 14650

Ladies and Gentlemen:

   I am Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Eastman Kodak Company, a
New Jersey corporation ("Kodak").

   With respect to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the "Registration
Statement") filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the
purpose of registering under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 1,019,396
shares of common stock, $2.50 par value, of Kodak (the "Shares") to be issued
to holders of common stock of ENCAD, Inc. as merger consideration pursuant to
that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 14, 2001, by
and among Kodak, Kodak Acquisition Corp., and ENCAD, Inc. (the "Merger
Agreement"), I have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise
identified to my satisfaction, of such corporate records, certificates, and
other documents and instruments, and such questions of law, as I have
considered necessary or desirable for the purpose of this opinion.

   Based on the foregoing, I am of the opinion that the Shares will be, when
the Registration Statement has become effective and the Shares have been
delivered as contemplated in the Merger Agreement, legally issued, fully paid,
and non-assessable.

   I consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the Registration
Statement.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Gary P. Van Graafeiland
                                          Senior Vice President and
                                          General Counsel

EX-8.1

dex81.txt

FORM OF OPINION OF BROBECK, PHLEGER & HARRISON, LLP

                                                                    Exhibit 8.1

, 2002
                                                Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP
                                                 One Market, Spear Street Tower
                                                San Francisco, California 94105
                                                        Telephone: 415.442.0900
                                                              Fax: 415.442.1010
                                                                www.brobeck.com

Encad, Inc.
6059 Cornerstone Court West
San Diego, CA 92121

Ladies and Gentlemen:

   This opinion is being delivered to you in connection with (i) the Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement"), dated as of November 14, 2001, by and
among Eastman Kodak Company, a New Jersey corporation ("Parent"), Kodak
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and ENCAD, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Target"),
and (ii) the preparation and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission
of a Form S-4 Registration Statement relating to the transactions contemplated
by the Agreement (the "Registration Statement"). Pursuant to the Agreement,
Merger Sub will merge with and into Target (the "Merger"), and Target will
become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Parent.

   Except as otherwise provided, capitalized terms referred to herein have the
meanings set forth in the Agreement. All section references, unless otherwise
indicated, are to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").

   We have acted as legal counsel to Target in connection with the Merger. As
such, and for the purpose of rendering this opinion, we have examined and are
relying upon (without any independent investigation or review thereof) the
truth and accuracy, at all relevant times, of the statements, covenants,
representations and warranties contained in the following documents (including
all schedules and exhibits thereto):

    2. The Agreement;

    3. The Registration Statement; and

    4. Such other instruments and documents related to Parent, Target, Merger
       Sub and the Merger as we have deemed necessary or appropriate.

   In connection with rendering this opinion, we have assumed or obtained
representations (and are relying thereon, without any independent investigation
or review thereof) that:

      (a) Original documents submitted to us (including signatures) are
   authentic, documents submitted to us as copies conform to the original
   documents, and there has been (or will be by the Effective Time) due
   execution and delivery of all documents where due execution and delivery are
   prerequisites to the effectiveness thereof; and

      (b) The Merger will be consummated in accordance with the Agreement
   without any waiver or breach of any material provision thereof, and the
   Merger will be effective under applicable state law.

   Based on our examination of the foregoing items and subject to the
assumptions, exceptions, limitations and qualifications set forth herein and in
the Registration Statement, we are of the opinion that the discussion set forth
in the Registration Statement under the heading "The Merger--United States
Federal Income Tax Consequences" correctly describes the material federal
income tax consequences of the Merger generally applicable to the Target
stockholders. We express no opinion as to any federal, state or local, foreign
or other tax consequences, other than as set forth herein and in the
Registration Statement under the heading "The Merger--United States Federal
Income Tax Consequences."

   In addition to the assumptions and representations described above, this
opinion is subject to the exceptions, limitations and qualifications set forth
below.

      (1) This opinion represents and is based upon our best judgment regarding
   the application of federal income tax laws arising under the Code, existing
   judicial decisions, administrative regulations and published rulings and
   procedures. Our opinion is not binding upon the Internal Revenue Service or
   the courts, and there is no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will
   not successfully assert a contrary position. Furthermore, no assurance can
   be given that future legislative, judicial or administrative changes, on
   either a prospective or retroactive basis, will not adversely affect the
   accuracy of the conclusions stated herein. Nevertheless, we undertake no
   responsibility to advise you of any new developments in the application or
   interpretation of the federal income tax laws.

      (2) No opinion is expressed as to any transaction other than the Merger
   (whether or not undertaken in connection with the Merger) or as to any
   transaction whatsoever, including the Merger, if all the transactions
   described in the Agreement are not consummated in accordance with the terms
   of such Agreement and without waiver or breach of any material provision
   thereof or if all of the statements, representations, warranties and
   assumptions upon which we relied are not true and accurate at all relevant
   times. In the event any one of the statements, representations, warranties
   or assumptions upon which we have relied to issue this opinion is incorrect,
   our opinion might be adversely affected and may not be relied upon.

   This opinion is rendered to you solely in connection with the filing of the
Registration Statement. We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an
exhibit to the Registration Statement. We also consent to the references to our
firm name wherever appearing in the Registration Statement with respect to the
discussion of the federal income tax consequences of the Merger, including any
amendments to the Registration Statement. This opinion may not be relied upon
for any other purpose, and may not be made available to any other person,
without our prior written consent.

                                          Very truly yours,

EX-23.1

dex231.txt

FORM OF CONSENT OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

                                                                   Exhibit 23.1

                      CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

   We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration
Statement on Form S-4 of Eastman Kodak Company of our report dated January 15,
2001 relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in
Eastman Kodak Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2000 and Form 10-K/A filed May 7, 2001. We also consent to the reference to
us under the heading "Experts" in such Registration Statement.

                                          /s/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Rochester, New York
December 5, 2001

EX-23.2

dex232.txt

CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

                                                                   Exhibit 23.2

                         INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT

   We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement
of Eastman Kodak Company on Form S-4 of our report dated February 20, 2001,
appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ENCAD, Inc. for the year ended
December 31, 2000 and to the reference to us under the heading "Experts" in the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which is part of this Registration Statement.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Diego, California
December 4, 2001

EX-23.5

dex235.txt

FORM OF CONSENT OF BANK OF AMERICA SECURITIES LLC

                                                                   Exhibit 23.5

                   CONSENT OF BANC OF AMERICA SECURITIES LLC

December  , 2001

Board of Directors
ENCAD, Inc.
6059 Cornerstone Court., West
San Diego, California 92121-3734

Ladies and Gentlemen:

   We hereby consent to the inclusion of our opinion letter, dated November 14,
2001, to the Board of Directors of ENCAD, Inc. (the "Company") regarding the
merger of a wholly-owned Eastman Kodak Company ("Kodak") subsidiary with and
into the Company, in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 to which this
consent is filed as an exhibit (the "Registration Statement") and to the
reference in the Registration Statement to our firm and to our opinion under
the headings "Summary--Opinion of Banc of America Securities LLC" and
"Background of the Merger and Related Matters--Opinion of Banc of America
Securities LLC." In giving the foregoing consent, we do not admit (1) that we
come within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission")
promulgated thereunder and (2) that we are experts with respect to any part of
the Registration Statement within the meaning of the term "experts" as used in
the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          BANC OF AMERICA SECURITIES LLC

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----