URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/701811/000095014901501929/0000950149-01-501929.txt

:	
		STREET 1:		19050 PRUNERIDGE AVE
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4082451900

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MENTOR GRAPHICS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000701811
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				930786033
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8005 SW BOECKMAN RD
		CITY:			WILSONVILLE
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97070-7777
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036857000

SC TO-T

f77751scto-t.txt

SCHEDULE TO-T

================================================================================

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                               ------------------

                                   SCHEDULE TO
                                 (RULE 14d-100)

        TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(d)(1) OR SECTION 13(e)(1)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                               ------------------

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.
                       (NAME OF SUBJECT COMPANY (ISSUER))

                           MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION
                               FRESNO CORPORATION
                      (NAMES OF FILING PERSONS (OFFERORS))

                    COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.01 PER SHARE,
                         (TITLE OF CLASS OF SECURITIES)

                      (CUSIP NUMBER OF CLASS OF SECURITIES)

                                WALDEN C. RHINES
                      PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                           MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION
                             8005 S.W. BOECKMAN ROAD
                         WILSONVILLE, OREGON 97070-7777
                                 (503) 685-7000
       (NAME, ADDRESS AND TELEPHONE NUMBER OF PERSON AUTHORIZED TO RECEIVE
           NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS ON BEHALF OF THE FILING PERSON)

                                   COPIES TO:

            JOHN J. HUBER, ESQ.                     CHRISTOPHER L. KAUFMAN, ESQ.
             LATHAM & WATKINS                             LATHAM & WATKINS
     555 11TH STREET, N.W., SUITE 1000                 135 COMMONWEALTH DRIVE
          WASHINGTON, D.C. 20004                    MENLO PARK, CALIFORNIA 94025
              (202) 637-2200                               (650) 328-4600

                               ------------------

                            CALCULATION OF FILING FEE

         TRANSACTION VALUATION*                      AMOUNT OF FILING FEE
         ----------------------                      --------------------
              $126,928,934                                $25,385.79

* Estimated for purposes of calculating the amount of the filing fee only. This
amount assumes the purchase of a total of 11,538,994 shares of the outstanding
common stock, par value $0.01, of IKOS Systems, Inc., including the related
preferred stock purchase rights at a price per share of $11.00 in cash. Such
number of shares consists of (i) 9,225,000 shares issued and outstanding as of
September 29, 2001 (as reported in IKOS' Schedule 14A filed October 31, 2001)
and (ii) 3,155,594 shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding
options as of June 15, 2001 (as reported in IKOS' Form 10-Q for the fiscal
quarter ended June 30, 2001), less 841,600 shares beneficially owned by Mentor
Graphics Corporation (100 of which are owned of record by Fresno Corporation).

[ ]     Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule
        0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was
        previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
        number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

          Amount Previously Paid:  N/A                    Filing party:  N/A
          Form or Registration No.:  N/A                  Date Filed:  N/A

[ ]     Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications
        made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates:

    [X] third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1

    [ ] issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4

    [ ] going private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3

    [ ] amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2

Check the following box if the filing is a final amendment reporting the results
of the tender offer [ ]

================================================================================

     This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO relates to a tender offer by
Fresno Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation ("Mentor"), to
purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
IKOS Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), including the
associated preferred stock purchase rights issued pursuant to the Amended and
Restated Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 1999, between the Company and Bank
Boston, N.A., as amended for a purchase price of $11.00 per share, net to the
seller in cash, without interest thereon, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated December 7, 2001 (the "Offer
to Purchase") and in the related Letter of Transmittal (the "Letter of
Transmittal" which, together with the Offer to Purchase, as each may be amended
and supplemented from time to time, constitute the "Offer").

Items 1 through 9, and Item 11

     The information in the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal,
copies of which are filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits (a)(1)(A) and
(a)(1)(B) hereto, respectively, are incorporated herein by reference in answer
to items 1 through 9, and Item 11 in this Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO.

Item 10.  Financial Statements.

     Not Applicable.

Item 12.  Exhibits

(a)(1)(A)    Offer to Purchase dated December 7, 2001.

(a)(1)(B)    Letter of Transmittal

(a)(1)(C)    Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(1)(D)    Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and
             Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(E)    Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
             Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(F)    Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
             Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(1)(G)    Press release issued by Mentor Graphics Corporation on December 7,
             2001.

(a)(1)(H)    Summary Advertisement, published December 7, 2001.

(a)(1)(I)    Complaint filed in the United States District Court for the
             District of Delaware on December 7, 2001.

(a)(1)(J)    Complaint filed in the Chancery Court, New Castle County, Delaware
             on December 7, 2001.

(b)          None.

(c)          None.

(d)(1)       Confidentiality Agreement dated June 16, 2000, between Mentor
             Graphics Corporation and IKOS Systems, Inc.

(e)          None.

(f)          None.

(g)          None.

(h)          None.

                                    SIGNATURE

        After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify
that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.

Dated:  December 7, 2001          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

                                  By:  /s/  Gregory K. Hinckley
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Gregory K. Hinckley
                                  Title: President

                                  FRESNO CORPORATION

                                  By:  /s/  Gregory K. Hinckley
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Gregory K. Hinckley
                                  Title: Chief Financial Officer

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

(a)(1)(A)    Offer to Purchase dated December 7, 2001.

(a)(1)(B)    Letter of Transmittal.

(a)(1)(C)    Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

(a)(1)(D)    Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks, Trust Companies and
             Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(E)    Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
             Trust Companies and Other Nominees.

(a)(1)(F)    Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on
             Substitute Form W-9.

(a)(1)(G)    Press release issued by Mentor Graphics Corporation on December 7,
             2001.

(a)(1)(H)    Summary Advertisement, published December 7, 2001.

(a)(1)(I)    Complaint filed in the United States District Court for the
             District of Delaware on December 7, 2001.

(a)(1)(J)    Complaint filed in the Chancery Court, New Castle County, Delaware
             on December 7, 2001.

(b)          None.

(c)          None.

(d)(1)       Confidentiality Agreement dated June 16, 2000, between Mentor
             Graphics Corporation and IKOS Systems, Inc.

(e)          None.

(f)          None.

(g)          None.

(h)          None.

EX-99.(A)(1)(A)

f77751ex99-a1a.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(A)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(A)
                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                                 (THE "OFFER")
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                 (THE "SHARES")
   (INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS (THE "RIGHTS"))
                                       OF

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.
                                (THE "COMPANY")
                                       AT
                              $11.00 NET PER SHARE
                                       BY

                               FRESNO CORPORATION
                                 ("PURCHASER"),
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION
                                   ("MENTOR")

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
        TIME, ON TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                   IMPORTANT

     If you wish to tender all or any part of your Shares, prior to the
expiration date of the Offer you should either (1) complete and sign the Letter
of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions in
the Letter of Transmittal included with this Offer to Purchase, have your
signature thereon guaranteed if required by Instruction 1 to the Letter of
Transmittal, mail or deliver the Letter of Transmittal (or such facsimile
thereof) and any other required documents to the depositary for the Offer and
either deliver the certificates for such Shares to the depositary for the Offer
along with the Letter of Transmittal (or a facsimile thereof) or deliver such
Shares pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfers set forth in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights" of this Offer to Purchase,
or (2) request your broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
nominee to effect the transaction for you. If you have Shares registered in the
name of a broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee, you
must contact such broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
nominee if you desire to tender your Shares. Unless and until Purchaser declares
that the Rights Condition (as defined herein) is satisfied, stockholders will be
required to tender one Right for each Share tendered in order to effect a valid
tender of such Share.
     If you desire to tender your Shares and associated Rights and your
certificates for such Shares (or, if applicable, associated Rights) are not
immediately available, or you cannot comply with the procedures for book-entry
transfers described in this Offer to Purchase on a timely basis, you may tender
such Shares by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery set forth in
"The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights."
     A summary of the principal terms of the Offer appears on pages 1-5 of this
Offer to Purchase.
     If you have questions about the Offer, you may call MacKenzie Partners,
Inc., the information agent for the Offer, at its address and telephone number
set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase. You can also obtain
additional copies of this Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal
and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery from MacKenzie Partners, Inc., or your
broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee.
     THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION, AND YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ BOTH IN THEIR ENTIRETY
BEFORE YOU MAKE A DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

December 7, 2001

                               

                                                                 PAGE
                                                                 ----

SUMMARY TERM SHEET.............................................    1
INTRODUCTION...................................................    6
THE OFFER......................................................    8
 1. Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date........................    8
 2. Extension of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment.........    8
 3. Acceptance for Payment and Payment.........................    9
 4. Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights..................   10
 5. Withdrawal Rights..........................................   13
 6. Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations....   13
 7. Price Range of Shares; Dividends...........................   15
 8. Certain Information Concerning the Company.................   15
 9. Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Mentor........   16
10. Source and Amount of Funds.................................   17
11. Background of the Offer....................................   17
12. Purpose and Structure of the Offer; Plans for the Company;
  Appraisal Rights.............................................   22
13. Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock
  Exchange Listing(s); Registration under the Exchange Act.....   23
14. Dividends and Distributions................................   24
15. Conditions to the Offer....................................   24
16. Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory Approvals................   28
17. Fees and Expenses..........................................   31
18. Legal Proceedings between Mentor and the Company...........   32
19. Miscellaneous..............................................   32
Schedule I -- Directors and Executive Officers of Mentor and
  Purchaser....................................................   34
Schedule II -- Transactions in Shares in the Past 60 Days......   38

                               SUMMARY TERM SHEET

     This summary term sheet is a brief description of the Offer being made by
Mentor ("Mentor") through Fresno Corporation ("Purchaser"), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Mentor, to purchase all of the issued and outstanding common
stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of IKOS Systems, Inc. (the
"Company"), including the associated preferred stock purchase rights (the
"Rights") issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated
January 22, 1999, between the Company and Bank Boston, N.A., as amended (the
"Rights Agreement"), at a price of $11.00 per Share net to the seller in cash,
without interest. The following are some of the questions you, as a stockholder
of the Company, may have and answers to those questions. You should carefully
read this Offer to Purchase and the accompanying Letter of Transmittal in their
entirety because the information in this summary term sheet is not complete, and
additional important information is contained in the remainder of this Offer to
Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal.

WHO IS OFFERING TO BUY MY SECURITIES? WHY?

     Our name is Mentor Graphics Corporation. We are an Oregon corporation and
are making the Offer through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Fresno Corporation, a
Delaware corporation, which was formed for the purpose of making a tender offer
for the Shares. The tender offer is the first step in our plan to acquire all of
the outstanding Shares.

WHAT ARE THE CLASSES AND AMOUNTS OF SECURITIES SOUGHT IN THE OFFER?

     We are seeking to purchase all of the issued and outstanding Shares,
including the associated Rights. On the date of this Offer to Purchase, Mentor
beneficially owns 841,600 Shares (100 of which are owned of record by
Purchaser). The Company's last public disclosure stated that as of September 29,
2001, there were 9,225,000 Shares outstanding.

WHAT ARE THE "ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS"?

     The associated preferred stock purchase rights were issued to all
stockholders of the Company, but currently are not represented by separate
certificates. Instead, these rights are represented by the certificates for your
Shares. Unless the Rights are distributed to stockholders, a tender of your
Shares will include a tender of the associated Rights. If the Rights are
distributed, a holder will need to tender one right with each share tendered. We
will not pay any additional consideration for the tender of a Right.

HOW MUCH ARE YOU OFFERING TO PAY FOR MY SECURITIES AND WHAT IS THE FORM OF
PAYMENT? WILL I HAVE TO PAY ANY FEES OR COMMISSIONS?

     We are offering to pay $11.00 per Share, net to you, in cash, without
interest. If you tender your Shares to us in the Offer, you will not have to pay
brokerage fees, commissions or similar expenses. If you own your Shares through
a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your Shares on your behalf,
your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should consult
your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply.

DO YOU HAVE THE FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO MAKE PAYMENT?

     Yes. We will need approximately $100 million to purchase all Shares
pursuant to the Offer and to pay related fees and expenses. Since we will have
more than $100 million in cash and working capital available to buy all of the
Shares outstanding and pay related fees and expenses, the Offer is not subject
to any financing condition.

IS YOUR FINANCIAL CONDITION RELEVANT TO MY DECISION TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

     Since we have sufficient cash and working capital to purchase the Shares
and pay all fees relating to the Offer, the Offer is not subject to any
financing condition. Therefore, we believe our financial condition is not

material to your decision whether to tender in the Offer. If you do not tender
in the Offer, in the subsequent merger (if it occurs), you will receive, for
each Share you hold, the same cash price paid under the terms of the Offer. If
you would like additional information about our financial condition, please see
"The Offer -- Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Mentor -- Available
Information."

HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO DECIDE WHETHER TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

     You have until at least 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday,
January 8, 2002, to decide whether to tender your Shares in the Offer. Further,
if you cannot deliver everything required to make a valid tender to Wilmington
Trust Company, the depositary for the Offer, prior to such time, you may be able
to use a guaranteed delivery procedure, which is described in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights."

CAN THE OFFER BE EXTENDED AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES?

     We may, in our sole discretion, extend the Offer at any time or from time
to time. We may extend, for instance, if any of the conditions specified in "The
Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" are not satisfied prior to the scheduled
expiration date of the Offer.

     We may also elect to provide a "subsequent offering period" for the Offer.
A subsequent offering period, if we include one, will be an additional period of
time beginning after we have purchased Shares tendered during the Offer, during
which stockholders may tender their Shares and receive payment for Shares
validly tendered. If we decide to provide a subsequent offering period, we will
make a public announcement of our decision at least five business days in
advance. We do not currently intend to include a subsequent offering period,
although we reserve the right to do so. See "The Offer -- Terms of the Offer;
Expiration Date."

HOW WILL I BE NOTIFIED IF THE OFFER IS EXTENDED?

     If we decide to extend the Offer, we will inform Wilmington Trust Company,
the depositary for the Offer, of that fact and will make a public announcement
of the extension, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the business
day after the day on which the Offer was scheduled to expire.

WHAT ARE THE MOST SIGNIFICANT CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER?

     The most significant conditions to the Offer are the following, any or all
of which may be waived by Purchaser in its sole discretion:

     - That the Company's stockholders validly tender and do not withdraw prior
       to the expiration date of the Offer the number of Shares (including the
       associated Rights) representing, together with the Shares owned by
       Mentor, at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on
       a fully diluted basis.

     - That Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the Agreement and
       Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated July 2, 2001, among the Company,
       Synopsys, Inc. and Oak Merger Corporation (the "Synopsys Agreement") has
       been terminated in accordance with the terms of such agreement as in
       effect on the date of this Offer to Purchase or such other terms as may
       be satisfactory to Mentor in its sole discretion.

     - That the termination fee provision in the Synopsys Agreement has been
       invalidated or the obligation to pay any amounts pursuant to such
       provision has been terminated, without any termination fee, or any
       portion thereof, having been paid by the Company or any of its affiliates
       pursuant to the Synopsys Agreement.

     - That the board of directors of the Company redeems the Rights in
       accordance with the terms of such Rights as in effect at such time or
       Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the Rights have been
       invalidated or are otherwise inapplicable to the Offer and the proposed
       merger of Purchaser with and into the Company (the "Proposed Merger").

     - That Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the provisions of
       Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law do not apply to or
       otherwise restrict the Offer and the Proposed Merger.

     - That any waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws have expired or
       have been terminated.

     - That the Company's stockholders do not approve the Synopsys Agreement.

     - That the Company has not entered into or effectuated any agreement or
       transaction with any person or entity having the effect of impairing
       Purchaser's ability to acquire the Company or otherwise diminishing the
       expected economic value to Mentor of the acquisition of the Company.

For a complete list of the conditions to the Offer, see "The Offer -- Conditions
to the Offer."

HOW DO I TENDER MY SHARES?

     To tender Shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your
Shares and, if applicable, Rights, together with a completed Letter of
Transmittal, to Wilmington Trust Company, the depositary for the Offer, not
later than the time the Offer expires. If your Shares are held in street name by
your broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee, such
nominee can tender your Shares through The Depository Trust Company. If you
cannot deliver everything required to make a valid tender to the depositary
prior to the expiration date of the Offer, you may have a limited amount of
additional time by having a broker, a bank or other fiduciary which is a member
of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program or other eligible
institution guarantee that the missing items will be received by the depositary
within three Nasdaq National Market trading days after the expiration of the
Offer. However, the depositary must receive the missing items within that three
trading day period. See "The Offer -- Procedures for Tendering Shares and
Rights."

UNTIL WHAT TIME CAN I WITHDRAW TENDERED SHARES?

     You can withdraw tendered Shares at any time until the Offer has expired
and, if we have not agreed to accept your Shares for payment by February 4,
2002, you can withdraw them at any time after such date until we accept Shares
for payment. If we decide to provide a subsequent offering period, we will
accept Shares tendered during that period immediately and thus you will not be
able to withdraw Shares tendered in the Offer during any subsequent offering
period. See "The Offer -- Withdrawal Rights."

HOW DO I WITHDRAW TENDERED SHARES?

     To withdraw Shares, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal, or a
facsimile of one, with the required information to Wilmington Trust Company, the
depositary for the Offer, while you have the right to withdraw the Shares. See
"The Offer -- Withdrawal Rights."

WHEN AND HOW WILL I BE PAID FOR MY TENDERED SHARES?

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the Offer, we will pay for all
validly tendered and not withdrawn Shares promptly after the expiration date of
the Offer, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Offer,
as set forth in "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer." We will pay for your
validly tendered and not withdrawn Shares by depositing the purchase price with
Wilmington Trust Company, the depositary for the Offer, which will act as your
agent for the purpose of receiving payments from us and transmitting such
payments to you. In all cases, payment for tendered Shares will be made only
after timely receipt by Wilmington Trust Company of certificates for such Shares
and, if applicable, Rights (or of a confirmation of a book-entry transfer of
such Shares and Rights as described in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering
Shares and Rights"), a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal and any other required documents for such Shares and Rights.

WHAT DOES THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY THINK OF THIS OFFER?

     The board of directors of the Company has not approved the Offer or
otherwise commented on it as of the date of this Offer to Purchase. Within 10
business days after the date of this Offer to Purchase, the Company is required
to publish, send or give to you (and file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC")) a statement as to whether it recommends acceptance or
rejection of this Offer, that it has no opinion with respect to this Offer or
that it is unable to take a position with respect to this Offer.

WILL THE OFFER BE FOLLOWED BY A MERGER?

     If we enter into a merger agreement with the Company and if we accept for
payment and pay for the number of Shares that represent, together with Shares
owned by Mentor, at least a majority of the outstanding Shares on a fully
diluted basis (or fewer Shares, if we waive the Minimum Condition, as defined
herein), we intend to consummate the Proposed Merger, which is a second-step
merger in which Purchaser is expected to be merged with and into the Company
with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Mentor. Additionally, if we accept for payment and pay for the
number of Shares that represent, together with Shares owned by Mentor, at least
90% of the outstanding Shares, we would have sufficient voting power to approve
the Proposed Merger without the affirmative vote of any other stockholder of the
Company. If the Proposed Merger takes place, Mentor will own all of the Shares
and all remaining stockholders (other than Mentor, Purchaser, or other
subsidiaries of Mentor) will receive, for each Share they hold, the same cash
price paid under the terms of the Offer.

IF THE NUMBER OF SHARES THAT REPRESENT, TOGETHER WITH SHARES OWNED BY MENTOR,
90% OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES ARE TENDERED AND ACCEPTED FOR PAYMENT, WILL THE
COMPANY CONTINUE AS A PUBLIC COMPANY?

     Yes; however, if and when the Proposed Merger takes place, the Company will
no longer be publicly traded. It is possible that, following the expiration date
of the Offer and prior to the merger, if we purchase all the tendered Shares,
there may be so few remaining stockholders and publicly held Shares that:

     - the Shares will no longer be eligible to be traded on the Nasdaq National
       Market or any securities exchange;

     - there may not be an active public trading market, or, possibly, any
       public trading market, for the Shares; and

     - the Company may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise cease
       being subject to the SEC rules relating to publicly held companies.

IF I DECIDE NOT TO TENDER, HOW WILL THE OFFER AFFECT MY SHARES?

     If the Proposed Merger takes place, stockholders not tendering in the Offer
will receive the same amount of cash per Share that they would have received had
they tendered their Shares in the Offer, subject to any appraisal rights
properly exercised under Delaware law. Therefore, if the Proposed Merger takes
place and you do not exercise appraisal rights, the only difference to you
between tendering your Shares and not tendering your Shares is that you will be
paid earlier if you tender your Shares. However, if the Proposed Merger does not
take place and the Offer is consummated, the number of stockholders and Shares
that are still in the hands of the public may be so small that there will no
longer be an active public trading market, or, possibly, any public trading
market, for the Shares, which may affect prices at which Shares trade. Also, as
described above, the Company may cease making filings with the SEC or otherwise
cease being subject to the SEC rules relating to publicly held companies.

ARE APPRAISAL RIGHTS AVAILABLE IN EITHER THE OFFER OR THE PROPOSED MERGER?

     Appraisal rights are not available in the Offer. If the Proposed Merger is
consummated, holders of Shares at the effective time of that merger who do not
vote in favor of, or consent to, the Proposed Merger will have rights under
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law to demand appraisal of their
Shares. Under Section 262, stockholders who demand appraisal and comply with the
applicable statutory procedures

will be entitled to receive a judicial determination of the fair value of their
Shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the Proposed Merger, and to receive payment of that fair value in
cash, together with a fair rate of interest, if any. Any such judicial
determination of the fair value of Shares could be based upon factors other
than, or in addition to, the price per Share to be paid in the Proposed Merger
or the market value of the Shares. The value so determined could be more or less
than the price per Share to be paid in the Proposed Merger.

WHAT IS THE MARKET VALUE OF MY SHARES AS OF A RECENT DATE?

     On June 29, 2001, the last full trading day before the date the Company
entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated July 2,
2001 among the Company, Synopsys, Inc. and Oak Merger Corporation, the closing
price of a Share of the Company was $7.36.

     Between July 2, 2001 and December 6, 2001, the closing price of a Share
ranged between $2.85 and $8.05, and on December 6, 2001, the last full trading
day before the date of this Offer to Purchase, the closing price of a Share of
the Company was $8.05. We advise you to obtain a recent quotation for Shares
before deciding whether to tender your Shares.

WHO CAN I TALK TO IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE OFFER?

     You can call MacKenzie Partners, Inc., the information agent for the Offer,
at (800) 322-2885 (toll free).

To the Holders of Common Stock of IKOS Systems, Inc.:

                                  INTRODUCTION

     We are Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation ("Mentor").
Through our wholly-owned subsidiary Fresno Corporation, a Delaware corporation
("Purchaser"), we hereby offer to purchase all of the issued and outstanding
common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of IKOS Systems, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), including the associated preferred stock
purchase rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated
Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 1999, between the Company and Bank Boston,
N.A., as amended (the "Rights Agreement"), at the price of $11.00 per Share net
to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of
Transmittal (which together, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time, constitute the "Offer"). All references to Rights include all
benefits that may inure to holders of the Rights under the Rights Agreement and,
unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Offer to Purchase
to Shares include the Rights.

     If you tender your Shares to us in the Offer, you will not be obligated to
pay brokerage fees, commissions or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the
Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of Shares pursuant to the
Offer. If you own your Shares through a broker or other nominee, and your broker
tenders your Shares on your behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee
for doing so. You should consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any
charges will apply. We will pay all charges and expenses of Wilmington Trust
Company (the "Depositary") and MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (the "Information
Agent") incurred in connection with the Offer. See "The Offer -- Fees and
Expenses."

     The purpose of the Offer and the proposed second-step merger is to enable
Mentor to acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, the Company.
Mentor currently intends, as soon as practicable following consummation of the
Offer, to seek to have Purchaser consummate a merger with and into the Company
(the "Proposed Merger"), with the Company continuing as the surviving
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor. Pursuant to the Proposed
Merger, at the effective time of the Proposed Merger (the "Effective Time"),
each then remaining Share outstanding (other than Shares owned by Mentor,
Purchaser or other subsidiaries of Mentor, all of which will be cancelled, and
other than Shares that are held by stockholders, if any, who properly exercise
their appraisal rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"))
would be converted into the right to receive $11.00, net to the seller in cash,
without interest (the "Merger Consideration").

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things (1) there being validly
tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration date of the Offer a number of
Shares, including the associated Rights, representing, together with the Shares
owned by Mentor, at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares
on a fully diluted basis (the "Minimum Condition"); (2) Mentor being satisfied,
in its sole discretion, that the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization
dated July 2, 2001 among the Company, Synopsys, Inc. and Oak Merger Corporation
(the "Synopsys Agreement") has been terminated in accordance with the terms of
such agreement as in effect on the date of this Offer to Purchase or such other
terms as may be satisfactory to Mentor in its sole discretion (the "Synopsys
Agreement Condition"); (3) the termination fee provision in the Synopsys
Agreement having been invalidated or the obligations to pay any amounts pursuant
to such provision having been terminated, without any termination fee, or any
portion thereof, having been paid by the Company or any of its affiliates
pursuant to the Synopsys Agreement (the "Termination Condition"); (4) the Rights
having been redeemed by the board of directors of the Company in accordance with
the terms of such Rights as in effect at such time or Mentor being satisfied, in
its sole discretion, that the Rights have been invalidated or are otherwise
inapplicable to the Offer and the Proposed Merger (the "Rights Condition"); (5)
Mentor being satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the provisions of Section
203 of the DGCL do not apply to or otherwise restrict the Offer and the Proposed
Merger (the "Section 203 Condition"); (6) the Company's stockholders not having
approved the Synopsys Agreement (the "Approval Condition"); (7) the Company not
having entered into or effectuated any agreement or transaction with any person
or entity having the effect of impairing Purchaser's ability to acquire the
Company or otherwise diminishing the expected economic

value to Mentor of the acquisition of the Company (the "Impairment Condition");
and (8) any waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws having expired or
been terminated. Any or all of the conditions set forth in (1)-(8) above may be
waived by Purchaser in its sole discretion. The Offer is also subject to other
conditions. See "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer."

     In the event the Offer is terminated or not consummated, or after the
expiration of the Offer and pending the consummation of the Proposed Merger, in
accordance with applicable law and any merger agreement that it may enter into
with the Company, Mentor may explore any and all options which may be available.
In this regard, and after expiration or termination of the Offer, Mentor may
seek to acquire additional Shares, through open market purchases, block trades,
privately negotiated transactions, a tender offer or exchange offer or
otherwise, upon such terms and at such prices as Mentor may determine, which may
be more or less than the price offered or paid per Share pursuant to the Offer
and could be for cash or other consideration.

     THE OFFER DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION OF PROXIES FOR ANY MEETING OF
STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY OR A SOLICITATION OF AGENT DESIGNATIONS TO CALL A
SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY. ANY SOLICITATION OF PROXIES
WHICH PURCHASER OR MENTOR MIGHT MAKE WILL BE MADE ONLY PURSUANT TO SEPARATE
PROXY OR CONSENT SOLICITATION MATERIALS COMPLYING WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF
SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND THE RULES AND
REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER (THE "EXCHANGE ACT").

     THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION, AND YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ BOTH IN THEIR ENTIRETY
BEFORE YOU MAKE A DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

                                   THE OFFER

     1.  Terms of the Offer; Expiration Date.  On the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or
amended, the terms and conditions of such extension or amendment), we will
accept for payment and pay for all Shares, including the associated Rights, that
are validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not properly withdrawn.

     "Expiration Date" means 12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday,
January 8, 2002, unless we extend the period of time for which the Offer is
open, in which event "Expiration Date" means the latest time and date at which
the Offer, as so extended, shall expire.

     The Offer is scheduled to expire on January 8, 2001 because President Bush
signed an executive order on December 6, 2001 directing federal agencies to
close their offices on December 24, 2001. Under a SEC staff interpretation, the
executive order resulted in December 24, 2001 not being a "business day" within
Rule 14d-1(g)(3) and therefore not being included in calculating the twenty
business day minimum period for purposes of Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange
Act. If President Bush issues a similar executive order for December 31, 2001,
the Offer will be scheduled to expire on January 9, 2001, instead of January 8,
2001.

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, (1) the Minimum
Condition having been satisfied, (2) the Synopsys Agreement Condition having
been satisfied, (3) the Termination Fee Condition having been satisfied, (4) the
Rights Condition having been satisfied, (5) the Section 203 Condition having
been satisfied, (6) the Approval Condition having been satisfied, (7) the
Impairment Condition having been satisfied, and (8) any waiting periods under
applicable antitrust laws having expired or been terminated. The Offer is also
subject to other conditions as described in "The Offer -- Conditions to the
Offer." If any such condition is not satisfied, we may: (a) terminate the Offer
and return all tendered Shares; (b) extend the Offer and, subject to certain
conditions and to your withdrawal rights as set forth in "The
Offer -- Withdrawal Rights," retain all Shares until the expiration date of the
Offer as so extended; or (c) waive the Minimum Condition and, subject to any
requirement to extend the period of time during which the Offer must remain
open, purchase all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration Date and not
withdrawn or delay acceptance for payment or payment for Shares, subject to
applicable law, until satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Offer. For
a description of our right to extend, amend, delay or terminate the Offer, see
"The Offer -- Extension of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment," and "The
Offer -- Conditions to the Offer."

     Under Exchange Act Rule 14d-11, Purchaser may, subject to certain
conditions, provide a subsequent offering period of from three to 20 business
days in length following the expiration of the Offer on the Expiration Date. A
subsequent offering period would be an additional period of time, following the
expiration of the Offer and the purchase of Shares in the Offer, during which
stockholders may tender Shares not tendered in the Offer. A subsequent offering
period, if one is included, is not an extension of the Offer, which already will
have been completed.

     Purchaser does not currently intend to include a subsequent offering period
in the Offer, although it reserves the right to do so in its sole discretion.
Under Exchange Act Rule 14d-7, no withdrawal rights apply to Shares and Rights
tendered during a subsequent offering period and no withdrawal rights apply
during the subsequent offering period with respect to Shares and Rights tendered
in the Offer and accepted for payment. Purchaser will pay the same consideration
to stockholders tendering Shares in the Offer or in a subsequent offering
period, if it includes one.

     On the date of this Offer to Purchase, Mentor beneficially owns 841,600
Shares (100 of which are owned of record by Purchaser). According to the
Company's Schedule 14A filed October 31, 2001, there were 9,225,000 Shares
outstanding as of September 29, 2001. According to the Company's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2001, there were
3,155,594 stock options outstanding as of June 15, 2001. For purposes of the
Minimum Condition, "fully diluted basis" assumes that all outstanding stock
options are presently exercisable. The actual minimum number of Shares will
depend on the facts as they exist on the date of purchase.

     2.  Extension of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment.  We reserve the
right to extend the Expiration Date, in our sole discretion, if at the scheduled
Expiration Date any of the conditions to the Offer

have not been satisfied or waived. We also have the right to extend the Offer
for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or the SEC Staff applicable
to the Offer or any period required by applicable law. We expressly reserve the
right to waive any of the conditions to the Offer, to make any change in the
terms of our conditions to the Offer and to provide a subsequent offering period
for the Offer in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.

     If we increase or decrease the percentage of Shares being sought or
increase or decrease the consideration to be paid for Shares pursuant to the
Offer and the Offer is scheduled to expire at any time before the expiration of
10 business days from, and including, the date that notice of such increase or
decrease is first published, sent or given in the manner specified below, the
Offer will be extended until the expiration of 10 business days from, and
including, the date of such notice. If we make a material change in the terms of
the Offer (other than a change in price or percentage of securities sought) or
in the information concerning the Offer, or waive a material condition of the
Offer, we will extend the Offer, if required by applicable law, for a period
sufficient to allow you to consider the amended terms of the Offer. In a
published release, the SEC has stated its view that an offer must remain open
for a minimum period of time following a material change in the terms of such
offer and that the waiver of a condition such as the Minimum Condition is a
material change in the terms of an offer. The release states that an offer
should remain open for a minimum of five business days from the date the
material change is first published, sent or given to stockholders, and that if
material changes are made with respect to information that approaches the
significance of price or percentage of Shares sought, a minimum of 10 business
days may be required to allow adequate dissemination and investor response.
"Business day" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a federal holiday
and consists of the time period from 12:01 a.m. through 12:00 Midnight, New York
City time.

     Any extension, delay, termination, waiver or amendment will be followed as
promptly as practicable by public announcement, in the case of an extension of
the Offer to be made no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next
business day after the previously scheduled Expiration Date, in accordance with
the public announcement requirements of Rule 14e-1(d) under the Exchange Act.
Subject to applicable law (including Rules 14d-4(d) and 14d-6(c) under the
Exchange Act, which require that material changes in the information published,
sent or given to any stockholders in connection with the Offer be promptly
disseminated to stockholders in a manner reasonably designed to inform them of
such changes), and without limiting the manner in which we may choose to make
any public announcement, we have no obligation to publish, advertise or
otherwise communicate any public announcements other than by issuing a press
release to the Dow Jones News Service.

     If we extend the time during which the Offer is open, or if we are delayed
in its acceptance for payment of or payment for Shares pursuant to the Offer for
any reason, then, without prejudice to our rights under the Offer, the
Depositary may retain tendered Shares on our behalf and those Shares may not be
withdrawn except to the extent tendering stockholders are entitled to withdrawal
rights as described herein under "The Offer -- Withdrawal Rights." However, our
ability to delay the payment for Shares that we have accepted for payment is
limited by Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires that a bidder
pay the consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or on behalf
of stockholders promptly after the termination or withdrawal of the bidder's
offer.

     As of the date of this Offer to Purchase, the Rights are evidenced by the
share certificates evidencing the Shares (the "Share Certificates") and do not
trade separately. Accordingly, by tendering a Share Certificate, a stockholder
is automatically tendering a similar number of associated Rights. If, however,
pursuant to the Rights Agreement or for any other reason, the Rights detach and
separate certificates evidencing the Rights ("Rights Certificates") are issued,
stockholders will be required to tender Rights Certificates evidencing a number
of Rights equal to the number of Shares tendered in order to effect a valid
tender of such Shares.

     Pursuant to Rule 14d-5 under the Exchange Act and Section 220 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, requests are being made to the Company for the
use of the Company's stockholder lists and security position listings for the
purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders of Shares. Upon compliance by the
Company with such requests, this Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal
will be mailed to record holders of Shares and will be furnished to brokers,
dealers, commercial banks, trust companies and similar

persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees, appear on the stockholder
lists for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares.

     3.  Acceptance for Payment and Payment.  Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer (including, if the Offer is extended or amended, the
terms and conditions of any such extension or amendment), we will accept for
payment and pay for all Shares that are validly tendered on or prior to the
Expiration Date and not properly withdrawn pursuant to the Offer as soon as we
are permitted to do so under applicable law, subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer." In
addition, we reserve the right, subject to compliance with Rule 14e-1(c) under
the Exchange Act, to delay the acceptance for payment or payment for Shares
pending receipt of any regulatory or governmental approvals to the Offer as
described under the caption "The Offer -- Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory
Approvals." For a description of our right to terminate the Offer and not accept
for payment or pay for Shares or to delay acceptance for payment or payment for
Shares, see "The Offer -- Extension of Tender Period; Termination; Amendment."

     For purposes of the Offer, we shall be deemed to have accepted for payment
tendered Shares when, as and if we give oral or written notice of our acceptance
to the Depositary. We will pay for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the
Offer by depositing the purchase price with the Depositary. The Depositary will
act as your agent for the purpose of receiving payments from us and transmitting
such payments to you. In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment
pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary
of certificates for such Shares, and, if applicable, Rights (or of a
confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such Shares and Rights into the
Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights")), a properly completed and
duly executed Letter of Transmittal and any other required documents.
Accordingly, payment may be made to tendering stockholders at different times if
delivery of the Shares and other required documents occurs at different times.
For a description of the procedure for tendering Shares pursuant to the Offer,
see "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights."

     Under no circumstances will we pay interest on the consideration paid for
Shares pursuant to the Offer, regardless of any delay in making such payment. If
we increase the consideration to be paid for Shares pursuant to the Offer, we
will pay such increased consideration for all Shares purchased pursuant to the
Offer.

     We reserve the right to transfer or assign, in whole or from time to time
in part, to one or more of our affiliates the right to purchase Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not relieve us
of our obligations under the Offer or prejudice your rights to receive payment
for Shares validly tendered and accepted for payment. If any tendered Shares are
not purchased pursuant to the Offer for any reason, or if certificates are
submitted for more Shares and, if applicable, Rights than are tendered,
certificates for such unpurchased or untendered Shares and Rights will be
returned (or, in the case of Shares tendered by book-entry transfer, such Shares
will be credited to an account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as
defined below), without expense to you, as promptly as practicable following the
expiration or termination of the Offer.

     4.  Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights.  To tender Shares and, if
applicable, Rights pursuant to the Offer, either (1) the Depositary must receive
at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase
(A) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal and any other
documents required by the Letter of Transmittal and (B) certificates for the
Shares and, if applicable, Rights to be tendered or delivery of such Shares
pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer described below (and a
confirmation of such delivery including an Agent's Message (as defined below) if
the tendering stockholder has not delivered a Letter of Transmittal), in each
case by the Expiration Date, or (2) the guaranteed delivery procedure described
below must be complied with.

     Separate Delivery of Rights Certificates.  If the date upon which the
Company distributes Rights Certificates to its stockholders pursuant to the
Rights Agreement (the "Distribution Date") does not occur prior to the
Expiration Date, a tender of Shares will also constitute a tender of the
associated Rights. If the Distribution Date occurs and the Company distributes
Rights Certificates prior to the time a stockholder's Shares are tendered
pursuant to the Offer, in order for Rights and the corresponding Shares to be
validly

tendered, Rights Certificates representing a number of Rights equal to the
number of Shares tendered must be delivered to the Depositary or, if book-entry
delivery is available with respect to Rights, an Agent's Message (as defined
below) must be received by the Depositary with respect thereto. If the
Distribution Date occurs and the Rights Certificates are not distributed prior
to the time Shares are tendered pursuant to the Offer, Rights may be tendered
prior to a stockholder receiving Rights Certificates by use of the guaranteed
delivery procedure described below. In any case, a tender of Shares constitutes
an agreement by the tendering stockholder to deliver Rights Certificates
representing a number of Rights equal to the number of Shares tendered pursuant
to the Offer to the Depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading days
of the date Rights Certificates are distributed. Purchaser reserves the right to
require that the Depositary receive Rights Certificates, or an Agent's Message,
if available, with respect to such Rights prior to accepting the related Shares
for payment pursuant to the Offer if the Distribution Date occurs prior to the
Expiration Date.

     If Purchaser declares that the Rights Condition is satisfied, Purchaser
will not require delivery of Rights. Unless and until Purchaser declares that
the Rights Condition is satisfied, holders of Shares will be required to tender
one Right for each Share tendered to effect a valid tender of such share.

     The method of delivery of Share Certificates, Rights Certificates, if
applicable, and all other required documents, including delivery through the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as defined below), is at the option and risk of
the tendering stockholder, and the delivery will be deemed made only when
actually received by the Depositary including, in the case of a book-entry
transfer, by Agent's Message. If delivery is by mail, registered mail with
return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended. In all cases,
sufficient time should be allowed to ensure timely delivery.

     Book-Entry Delivery.  The Depositary will establish an account with respect
to the Shares at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer
Facility") for purposes of the Offer within two business days after the date of
this Offer to Purchase, and any financial institution that is a participant in
the system of the Book-Entry Transfer Facility may make delivery of Shares by
causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into the
Depositary's account in accordance with the procedures of the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility. However, although delivery of Shares may be effected through
book-entry transfer, the Letter of Transmittal properly completed and duly
executed together with any required signature guarantees or an Agent's Message
and any other required documents must, in any case, be received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to
Purchase by the Expiration Date, or the guaranteed delivery procedure described
below must be complied with. Delivery of the Letter of Transmittal and any other
required documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility does not constitute
delivery to the Depositary. "Agent's Message" means a message, transmitted by
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming
a part of a book-entry confirmation which states that the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility has received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that are the subject of such
book-entry confirmation which such participant has received, and agrees to be
bound by, the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser may enforce
such agreement against such participant.

     If the Distribution Date occurs prior to the Expiration Date, the
Depositary will also make a request to establish an account with respect to the
Rights at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, but no assurance can be given that
the book-entry delivery of Rights will be available. If book-entry delivery of
Rights is available, the foregoing book-entry transfer procedures also will
apply to Rights. Otherwise, if Rights Certificates have been issued, a tendering
stockholder will be required to tender Rights by means of physical delivery of
Rights Certificates to the Depositary (in which event references in this Offer
to Purchase to book-entry confirmations with respect to Rights will be
inapplicable) or pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth below.

     Signature Guarantees.  Except as otherwise provided below, all signatures
on a Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial institution
(including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage houses) that
is a member of a recognized Medallion Program approved by The Securities
Transfer Association, Inc. (each an "Eligible Institution"). Signatures on a
Letter of Transmittal need not be guaranteed (1) if the Letter of Transmittal is
signed by the registered holder of the Shares tendered therewith and such holder
has not completed the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on the Letter
of

Transmittal or (2) if such Shares are tendered for the account of an Eligible
Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 of the Letter of Transmittal.

     Guaranteed Delivery.  If you wish to tender Shares and associated Rights
pursuant to the Offer and cannot deliver such Share Certificates or, if
applicable, Rights Certificates and all other required documents to the
Depositary by the Expiration Date, or cannot complete the procedure for delivery
by book-entry transfer on a timely basis, you may nevertheless tender such
Shares if all of the following conditions are met:

     - such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

     - a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery in
       the form provided by Purchaser is received by the Depositary (as provided
       below) by the Expiration Date; and

     - the Share Certificates and, if applicable, Rights Certificates (or a
       confirmation of a book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at
       the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), together with a properly completed and
       duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof) with any
       required signature guarantee or an Agent's Message and any other
       documents required by the Letter of Transmittal, are received by the
       Depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading days after the
       date of execution of the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. If the
       Distribution Date occurs and the Rights Certificates are not distributed
       prior to the time Share Certificates are tendered, a tender of Share
       Certificates constitutes an agreement by the tendering stockholder to
       deliver Rights Certificates representing a number of Rights equal to the
       number of Shares tendered to the Depositary within three Nasdaq National
       Market trading days of the date Rights Certificates are distributed.

     The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or transmitted
by facsimile transmission or mailed to the Depositary and must include a
guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form set forth in such Notice. The
method of delivery of Shares and associated Rights and all other required
documents, including through the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, is at your option
and risk, and the delivery will be deemed made only when actually received by
the Depositary. If certificates for Shares and/or Rights are sent by mail, we
recommend registered mail with return receipt requested, properly insured.

     Back-up Withholding.  Under the federal income tax laws, the Depositary
will be required to withhold a portion of the amount of any payments made to
certain stockholders pursuant to the Offer or the Proposed Merger. In order to
avoid such back-up withholding, you must provide the Depositary with your
correct taxpayer identification number ("TIN") and certify that you are not
subject to such back-up withholding by completing the Substitute Form W-9
included in the Letter of Transmittal. Certain stockholders (including, among
others, all corporations and certain foreign individuals and entities) are not
subject to back-up withholding. If a stockholder does not provide its correct
TIN or fails to provide the certifications described above, the Internal Revenue
Service may impose a penalty on the stockholder and payment of cash to the
stockholder pursuant to the Offer may be subject to back-up withholding. All
stockholders tendering Shares pursuant to the Offer should complete and sign the
Substitute Form W-9 included in the Letter of Transmittal to provide the
information necessary to avoid back-up withholding. If you are a non-resident
alien or foreign entity not subject to back-up withholding, you must give the
Depositary a properly completed Form W-8BEN Certificate of Foreign Status or
successor form in order to avoid backup withholding with respect to payments
made to you.

     Grant of Proxy.  By executing a Letter of Transmittal (or delivering an
Agent's Message), you irrevocably appoint Walden C. Rhines and Gregory K.
Hinckley as your proxies in the manner set forth in the Letter of Transmittal to
the full extent of your rights with respect to the Shares tendered and accepted
for payment by us (and any and all other Shares or other securities issued or
issuable in respect of such Shares on or after the date of this Offer to
Purchase). All such proxies are irrevocable and coupled with an interest in the
tendered Shares. Such appointment is effective only upon our acceptance for
payment of such Shares. Upon such acceptance for payment, all prior proxies and
consents granted by you with respect to such Shares and other securities will,
without further action, be revoked, and no subsequent proxies may be given nor
subsequent written consents executed (and, if previously given or executed, will
cease to be effective). Our designees will be empowered to exercise all your
voting and other rights as they, in their sole discretion, may deem proper at
any annual, special or adjourned meeting of the Company's stockholders, by
written consent or otherwise. We reserve the right to require that, in order for
Shares to be validly tendered, immediately upon our acceptance for payment of
such Shares, we are able to exercise full voting rights with respect to such

Shares and other securities (including voting at any meeting of stockholders
then scheduled or acting by written consent without a meeting).

     The foregoing proxies are effective only upon acceptance for payment of
Shares pursuant to the Offer. The Offer does not constitute a solicitation of
proxies, absent a purchase of Shares, for any meeting of the Company's
stockholders, which will be made only pursuant to separate proxy solicitation
materials complying with the Exchange Act.

     The tender of Shares pursuant to any one of the procedures described above
will constitute your acceptance of the Offer, as well as your representation and
warranty that (1) you own the Shares being tendered and (2) you have the full
power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares tendered, as
specified in the Letter of Transmittal. Our acceptance for payment of Shares
tendered by you pursuant to the Offer will constitute a binding agreement
between us with respect to such Shares, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer.

     Validity.  We will determine, in our sole discretion, all questions as to
the form of documents and the validity, eligibility (including time of receipt)
and acceptance for payment of any tender of Shares, and our determination shall
be final and binding. We reserve the absolute right to reject any or all tenders
of Shares that we determine not to be in proper form or the acceptance for
payment of or payment for which may, in the opinion of our counsel, be unlawful.
We also reserve the absolute right to waive any defect or irregularity in any
tender of Shares. Our interpretation of the terms and conditions of the Offer
will be final and binding. None of Mentor, Purchaser, the Depositary, the
Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give
notification of any defect or irregularity in tenders or waiver of any such
defect or irregularity or incur any liability for failure to give any such
notification.

     5.  Withdrawal Rights.  You may withdraw tenders of Shares made pursuant to
the Offer at any time prior to the Expiration Date. Thereafter, such tenders are
irrevocable, except that they may be withdrawn after February 4, 2002 unless
such Shares are accepted for payment as provided in this Offer to Purchase. A
withdrawal of Shares will also constitute a withdrawal of the associated Rights.
If we extend the period of time during which the Offer is open, are delayed in
accepting for payment or paying for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any reason,
or are unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for any reason,
then, without prejudice to our rights under the Offer, the Depositary may, on
our behalf, retain all Shares tendered, and such Shares may not be withdrawn
except as otherwise provided in this section.

     To withdraw tendered Shares, a written or facsimile transmission notice of
withdrawal with respect to the Shares must be timely received by the Depositary
at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase,
and the notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who tendered
the Shares to be withdrawn and the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name
of the registered holder of Shares, if different from that of the person who
tendered such Shares. If the Shares to be withdrawn have been delivered to the
Depositary, a signed notice of withdrawal with (except in the case of Shares
tendered by an Eligible Institution) signatures guaranteed by an Eligible
Institution must be submitted prior to the release of such Shares. In addition,
such notice must specify, in the case of Shares tendered by delivery of
certificates, the name of the registered holder (if different from that of the
tendering stockholder) and the serial numbers shown on the particular
certificates evidencing the Shares to be withdrawn or, in the case of Shares
tendered by book-entry transfer, the name and number of the account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares.
Withdrawals may not be rescinded, and Shares withdrawn will thereafter be deemed
not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be
re-tendered by again following one of the procedures described in "The
Offer -- Procedures for Tendering Shares and Rights" at any time prior to the
Expiration Date.

     We will determine, in our sole discretion, all questions as to the form and
validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal, and our
determination shall be final and binding. None of Purchaser, the Depositary, the
Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to give
notification of any defect or irregularity in any notice of withdrawal or waiver
of any such defect or irregularity or incur any liability for failure to give
any such notification.

     If Purchaser provides a subsequent offering period following the Offer, no
withdrawal rights will apply to Shares and Rights tendered during that
subsequent offering period or to Shares and Rights tendered in the Offer and
accepted for payment.

     6.  Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.  The following
summary of certain United States federal income tax consequences of the Offer
and the Proposed Merger to United States Holders (as defined below) is based on
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), applicable Treasury
Regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, each as in
effect as of the date of this Offer to Purchase, all of which may change,
possibly with retroactive effect. This summary assumes that Shares are held as
capital assets. It does not address all of the tax consequences that may be
relevant to particular stockholders in light of their personal circumstances, or
to other types of stockholders (including, without limitation, certain financial
institutions, brokers, dealers or traders in securities or commodities,
insurance companies, "S" corporations, expatriates, tax-exempt organizations,
Non-United States Holders (as defined below), persons who are subject to
alternative minimum tax, persons who hold Shares as a position in a "straddle"
or as part of a "hedging" or "conversion" transaction, persons that have a
functional currency other than the United States dollar, or persons who acquired
their Shares upon the exercise of stock options or otherwise as compensation).
The Offer is conditioned, in part, upon the Rights having been redeemed or
invalidated or being otherwise inapplicable to the Offer and the Proposed
Merger. This discussion assumes the satisfaction of such condition and, as a
result, that no portion of the consideration received by a stockholder pursuant
to the Offer or the Proposed Merger is allocable to the Rights or the Rights
Certificates. In addition, this discussion does not address any state, local or
foreign tax consequences of the Offer or the Proposed Merger.

     WE URGE EACH HOLDER OF SHARES TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME OR OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OFFER OR THE
PROPOSED MERGER TO SUCH HOLDER.

     A "United States Holder" is a holder of Shares that for United States
federal income tax purposes is (i) a citizen or resident of the United States;
(ii) a corporation or partnership created or organized in or under the laws of
the United States or any State or the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the
income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless
of its source; or (iv) a trust (a) the administration over which a United States
court can exercise primary supervision and (b) all of the substantial decisions
of which one or more United States persons have the authority to control and
certain other trusts considered United States Holders for federal income tax
purposes. A "Non-United States Holder" is a holder of Shares other than a United
States Holder.

     The receipt of cash in exchange of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the
Proposed Merger will be a taxable transaction for United States federal income
tax purposes. In general, a United States Holder who sells Shares pursuant to
the Offer or receives cash in exchange for Shares pursuant to the Proposed
Merger will recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes
equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received and the
holder's adjusted tax basis in the Shares sold pursuant to the Offer or
exchanged for cash pursuant to the Proposed Merger. Any such gain or loss would
be long-term capital gain or loss if the holding period for the Shares exceeded
one year. Long-term capital gains of noncorporate taxpayers is generally taxable
at a maximum rate of 20%. Capital gains of corporate stockholders are generally
taxable at the regular tax rates applicable to corporations.

     If the Proposed Merger is consummated, a United States Holder who exercises
appraisal rights and receives cash in exchange for its Shares will generally
recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash received
and the holder's adjusted tax basis in the Shares exchanged therefor.

     If the Rights are redeemed by the Company, the receipt of cash by a United
States Holder in exchange for Rights will generally be a taxable transaction for
United States federal income tax purposes. If the Rights are redeemed by the
Company in satisfaction of the Rights Condition before the Distribution Date,
the cash received will likely be treated as a dividend, taxable as ordinary
income to the extent of the Company's current or accumulated earnings and
profits, as determined under United States federal income tax principles. To the
extent that the amount of the distribution exceeds the Company's current and
accumulated earnings and profits, the excess first will be treated as a return
of capital that will reduce the holder's tax basis in its Shares, and any
remaining portion will be taxable as capital gain. Any such capital gain will be
long-term capital gain

if the holder has held the Shares for more than one year at such time. If the
redemption of the Rights occurs on or after the Distribution Date, it is unclear
whether the resulting gain will be treated as a dividend or as a sale or
exchange of a capital asset.

     THE FOREGOING DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE AN ANALYSIS OF THE POTENTIAL TAX
CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO PARTICIPATION IN THE OFFER OR THE PROPOSED MERGER,
AND IS NOT TAX ADVICE. THEREFORE, STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX
ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF TENDERING INTO THE OFFER
OR EXCHANGING SHARES PURSUANT TO THE PROPOSED MERGER, INCLUDING THE
APPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX LAWS.

     7.  Price Range of Shares; Dividends.  The Shares are listed and
principally traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "IKOS." The
following table sets forth for the calendar quarters indicated the high and low
sales prices per Share on the Nasdaq National Market based on published
financial sources.

                                                               HIGH     LOW
                                                              ------   -----

  First Quarter.............................................  $ 6.38   $3.38
  Second Quarter............................................    9.94    4.94
  Third Quarter.............................................   10.88    6.13
  Fourth Quarter............................................    9.88    6.75

  First Quarter.............................................  $15.50   $8.56
  Second Quarter............................................   13.00    8.25
  Third Quarter.............................................   13.38    9.25
  Fourth Quarter............................................   13.81    7.13

  First Quarter.............................................  $17.44   $8.28
  Second Quarter............................................   11.38    6.43
  Third Quarter.............................................    8.24    2.95
  Fourth Quarter through December 6, 2001...................    8.05    2.85

     On June 29, 2001, the last full trading day before the date the Company
entered into the Synopsys Agreement, the closing price of a Share of the Company
was $7.36.

     Between July 2, 2001 and December 6, 2001, the price per Share on the
Nasdaq National Market ranged between $2.85 and $8.05. On December 6, 2001, the
last full trading day before the date of this Offer to Purchase, the reported
closing sales price per Share on the Nasdaq National Market was $8.05. We urge
you to obtain current market quotations for the Shares. The Company has never
declared or paid cash dividends on its stock.

     Prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights are attached to outstanding
Shares and may not be traded separately. As a result, the sales prices per Share
set forth above include the associated Rights. As a result of the commencement
of the Offer, the Distribution Date may occur, after which the Rights will
separate and may begin trading apart from the Shares. In such event, we urge you
to obtain current market quotations, if any, for the Rights.

     8.  Certain Information Concerning the Company.

     General.  The Company is a Delaware corporation, with principal executive
offices at 79 Great Oaks Boulevard, San Jose, California 95119. The telephone
number of the Company's executive offices is (408) 284-0400. The Company
develops, manufactures, markets, and supports acceleration and verification
systems for the verification of integrated circuits. The Company differentiates
its verification solutions with

hardware acceleration systems and emulation systems which compile and integrate
both emulation and acceleration hardware into the design flow. The Company also
provides services to customers to assist in the integration and deployment of
the Company's proprietary verification solutions.

     Available Information.  The Company is subject to the informational
requirements of the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith files periodic
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to its
business, financial condition and other matters. The Company is required to
disclose in such proxy statements certain information, as of particular dates,
concerning the Company's directors and officers, their remuneration, stock
options granted to them, the principal holders of the Company's securities and
any material interest of such persons in transactions with the Company. Such
reports, proxy statements and other information may be inspected at the public
reference facilities maintained by the SEC at Judiciary Plaza, 450 Fifth Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained at
prescribed rates from the Public Reference Section of the SEC at Judiciary
Plaza, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, or free of charge at the
Web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

     Except as otherwise stated in this Offer to Purchase, the information
concerning the Company contained herein has been taken from or is based upon
reports and other documents on file with the SEC or otherwise publicly
available. Although we have no knowledge that would indicate that any statements
contained herein based upon such reports and documents are untrue, we take no
responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in
such reports and other documents or for any failure by the Company to disclose
events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy of any
such information but that are unknown to us.

     9.  Certain Information Concerning Purchaser and Mentor.

     General.  Purchaser is a Delaware corporation incorporated on December 3,
2001, with principal executive offices at 8005 S.W. Boeckman Road, Wilsonville,
Oregon 97070-7777. The telephone number of Purchaser's principal executive
offices is (503) 685-7000. To date, Purchaser has engaged in no activities other
than those incident to Purchaser's formation and the commencement of the Offer.
Purchaser is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor.

     Mentor is an Oregon corporation with principal executive offices at 8005
S.W. Boeckman Road, Wilsonville, Oregon 97070-7777. The telephone number of
Mentor's executive offices is (503) 685-7000. Mentor manufactures, markets and
supports software and hardware electronic design automation ("EDA") products and
provides related services which enable engineers to design, analyze, simulate,
model, implement and verify the components of electronic systems. In 1996,
Mentor expanded its product offerings beyond traditional EDA to include (1)
intellectual property products and services intended to increase design
efficiency by delivering standard, reusable functions for the design of hardware
components and (2) embedded software development and system verification tools
intended to shorten product time-to-market by allowing for simultaneous
development and testing of hardware and embedded software. Mentor markets its
products primarily to large companies in the communications, computer,
semiconductor, consumer electronics, aerospace and transportation industries.
Customers use Mentor's software in the design of such diverse products as
supercomputers, automotive electronics, telephone-switching systems, cellular
base stations and handsets, computer network hubs and routers, signal processors
and personal computers.

     The name, business address, principal occupation or employment, five-year
employment history and citizenship of each director and executive officer of
Mentor and Purchaser and certain other information are set forth on Schedule I
to this Offer to Purchase. Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase, during
the past two years, none of us, nor, to our best knowledge, any of the persons
listed on Schedule I hereto, has had any business relationship or transaction
with the Company or any of its executive officers, directors or affiliates that
is required to be reported under the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable
to the Offer. Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase, none of the persons
listed in Schedule I, nor any of their respective associates or majority-owned
subsidiaries, beneficially owns any securities of the Company. Except as set
forth in this Offer to Purchase, there have been no contacts, negotiations or
transactions between us or any of our subsidiaries or, to our best knowledge,
any of the persons listed in Schedule I to this Offer to Purchase, on the one
hand, and the Company or its affiliates, on the other hand, concerning a merger,
consolidation or

acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of securities, an election of
directors or a sale or other transfer of a material amount of assets. None of
the persons listed in Schedule I has, during the past five years, been convicted
in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors).
Except as described in Schedule I, none of the persons listed in Schedule I has,
during the past five years, been a party to any judicial or administrative
proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or
settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the
person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal
or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state
securities laws.

     As of the date of this Offer to Purchase, Mentor beneficially owns 841,600
Shares (100 of which are owned of record by Purchaser), representing
approximately 9.1% of the outstanding Shares. Transactions in the Shares by
Mentor effected in the past 60 days are described in Schedule II to this Offer
to Purchase. All such transactions were effected by Mentor in the open market on
the Nasdaq National Market within the price ranges per Share indicated on
Schedule II. On December 5, 2001, Mentor contributed 100 shares to Purchaser.

     Available Information.  Mentor is subject to the informational requirements
of the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith files periodic reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC relating to its business,
financial condition and other matters. Mentor is required to disclose in such
proxy statements certain information, as of particular dates, concerning its
directors and officers, their remuneration, stock options granted to them, the
principal holders of its securities and any material interests of such persons
in transactions with Mentor. Such reports, proxy statements and other
information should be available for inspection and copying at the offices of the
SEC in the same manner as set forth with respect to the Company in "Certain
Information Concerning the Company -- Available Information."

     10.  Source and Amount of Funds.  We will need approximately $100 million
to purchase all of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer and to pay
related fees and expenses. Purchaser intends to obtain all funds needed for the
Offer and the Proposed Merger through a capital contribution or a loan from
Mentor. Mentor plans to provide the funds for such capital contribution or loan
from its available cash and working capital. The Offer is not subject to any
financing condition.

     11.  Background of the Offer.  As part of the continuous evaluation of its
businesses and plans, Mentor regularly considers a variety of strategic options
and transactions. As part of this process, Mentor has evaluated various
alternatives for expanding its business, including discussions with the Company
from time to time concerning an acquisition of the Company. In the late 1990s,
the Company or its financial advisors contacted Mentor on several occasions to
discuss the possibility of Mentor acquiring the Company. These discussions
between Mentor and the Company and its financial advisors did not result in any
proposal by Mentor to acquire the Company.

     In late 1999, an investment banker representing the Company contacted
Dennis Weldon, Treasurer of Mentor, concerning the possibility of an acquisition
of the Company by Mentor. After internal discussions at Mentor, Mr. Weldon
informed the investment banker that Mentor was not interested in pursuing an
acquisition at that time.

     On May 10, 2000, at the Company's request, Ramon Nunez, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, and Larry Melling, Vice President of Business
Development and Strategic Marketing of the Company, met with Gregory Hinckley,
who is now the President and Chief Operating Officer of Mentor, in San Jose,
California, to discuss the possibility of Mentor acquiring the Company. They
agreed to discuss the matter further at the Design Automation Conference in June
2000.

     On June 7, 2000, at the Design Automation Conference in Los Angeles,
California, Dr. Walden Rhines, who is now the Chairman of the Board of Directors
and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hinckley and other representatives of Mentor
had conversations with Mr. Nunez and Robert Hum, Senior Vice President of
Product Operations of the Company, regarding the differences between Mentor's
and the Company's emulation products and the production costs of such products,
in the context of a potential acquisition of the Company by Mentor. The parties
agreed to discuss this matter further in the future.

     Following the June 7, 2000 meeting, an independent technology consultant to
Mentor met with a representative of the Company at the Company's principal
offices in San Jose, California to evaluate the Company's emulation products. To
provide a context for further detailed discussions, Mentor and the Company
entered into a confidentiality and standstill agreement on June 16, 2000.

     In late June 2000, Mr. Nunez contacted Mr. Hinckley to discuss a potential
future meeting between representatives of Mentor and the Company. Subsequently,
Mr. Nunez stated that he wished to schedule a meeting with Mentor in July 2000.

     On July 6, 2000, Dr. Rhines, Mr. Hinckley, Mr. Weldon and other
representatives of Mentor met with Mr. Nunez, Mr. Hum and Mr. Melling, in Paris,
France to discuss the operations of the companies' businesses, the integration
of the companies' product lines and the joint marketing of the companies'
products, in the event that Mentor acquired the Company. During this meeting,
Mr. Hinckley informed Mr. Nunez that, before Mentor could reach any decision on
its desire to acquire the Company, Mentor needed to hire a general manager for
its emulation division and allow the new manager sufficient time to evaluate the
needs of the emulation division. Mentor's emulation division is Mentor's
business that most closely complements the Company's business.

     After subsequent internal meetings at Mentor and in light of his earlier
comments concerning the hiring of a general manager for Mentor's emulation
division, Mr. Hinckley in separate telephone conversations confirmed to Mr.
Nunez and to Mr. Melling that Mentor would not be able to continue discussions
until a new general manager, who had not yet been hired, completed an evaluation
of Mentor's emulation division. Mr. Nunez responded that the Company would
continue the process of exploring a business combination with other parties. As
a result, these discussions ended in July 2000 without reaching any agreement
concerning an acquisition of the Company by Mentor.

     Although the discussions regarding a business combination ended in July
2000, on July 27, 2000, Mentor and the Company agreed to hold discussions
regarding other types of business relationships. On August 3, 2000, Mr. Nunez
and Joseph Rockom, Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and
Administration and Secretary of the Company, and Mr. Weldon discussed the
possibility of an original equipment manufacturing agreement. These discussions
ended without reaching any agreement, and there were no further discussions
concerning other types of business relationships.

     On November 9, 2000, Mr. Hinckley met Mr. Nunez and Gerald Casilli,
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, to discuss the possibility of
an introductory meeting between the Company and Eric Selosse, whom Mentor had
hired in October 2000 to be the general manager of Mentor's emulation division.
On December 5, 2000, Mr. Selosse met with Mr. Nunez and another representative
of the Company and held a general discussion concerning the emulation industry
and the Company's product lines as well as the possible acquisition of the
Company by Mentor. These discussions ended without any agreement regarding an
acquisition of the Company by Mentor.

     On April 13, 2001, Mr. Weldon contacted Mr. Nunez to request a meeting to
discuss a possible acquisition of the Company by Mentor. On April 17, 2001, Mr.
Selosse met with Mr. Nunez to discuss a possible acquisition of the Company by
Mentor. Mr. Weldon attended by telephone. While Mr. Nunez expressed interest in
a possible acquisition, he stated that the Company had engaged Needham & Company
as the Company's financial advisor as a result of having received expressions of
interest from other companies. Mr. Weldon told Mr. Nunez that Mentor would
contact the Company within approximately two weeks.

     During April 2001, Mr. Rockom left a voice mail message for Dean Freed,
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Mentor, inquiring about the
possibility of a new confidentiality and standstill agreement that would pertain
to the April 2001 discussions regarding a potential acquisition of the Company
by Mentor. Mr. Rockom also called Mr. Weldon concerning the possibility of
entering into a new confidentiality and standstill agreement. Although no new
confidentiality and standstill agreement had been entered into, Mr. Rockom
nevertheless volunteered to furnish Mr. Weldon with certain of the Company's
projections. Shortly thereafter, Mr. Rockom emailed Mr. Weldon projections
prepared by the Company for the third and fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 and
2002. After reviewing the projections, Mentor concluded that

such projections were overly optimistic and therefore did not rely on them with
respect to making any decisions regarding the Company. Also during April 2001,
to provide a basis for discussions regarding any new confidentiality and
standstill agreement, Mr. Freed faxed the June 16, 2000 confidentiality
agreement to Mr. Rockom. In a voice mail message and telephone conversation, Jan
Robertson of Needham & Company informed Mr. Freed that the June 16, 2000
confidentiality agreement would not be acceptable to cover the contemporaneous
discussions in light of the Company's need for, among other things, new
standstill and nonsolicitation periods. No new confidentiality and standstill
agreement was entered into between Mentor and the Company.

     In a voice mail message on April 26, 2001, Ms. Robertson stated that since
the Company had received multiple expressions of interest, the Company was
commencing a bid procedure with bids due on May 4, 2001. In response, Mr. Weldon
called Chad Keck, a managing director of Needham & Company, and left a voice
mail message asking Mr. Keck to return his call. Mr. Keck called Mr. Weldon on
April 29, 2001. In their conversation, Mr. Weldon told Mr. Keck that Mentor was
very interested in negotiating an acquisition of the Company, but would not
participate in a blind bidding process.

     In May 2001, Bruce Alexander, a managing director of Needham & Company
called Mr. Hinckley. In a telephone conversation with Mr. Alexander, Mr.
Hinckley expressed Mentor's continued interest in pursuing a negotiated
acquisition with the Company.

     In a meeting among Dr. Rhines, Mr. Hinckley, Mr. Weldon and Mr. Alexander
on June 5, 2001, Mr. Hinckley informed Mr. Alexander that Mentor remained very
interested in acquiring the Company.

     Later in June 2001, Mr. Alexander called Mr. Hinckley, and Mr. Hinckley
expressed Mentor's continued interest in acquiring the Company.

     None of Mr. Hinckley's three expressions of interest in May and June 2001
in acquiring the Company resulted in any response from the Company.

     In a press release dated July 2, 2001, the Company revised its outlook for
revenue and earnings for its third quarter ended June 30, 2001. The press
release also stated that "We expect that these customer and economic issues will
continue to limit our visibility and impact our results for the fourth fiscal
quarter."

     In a press release dated July 18, 2001 announcing revised results for its
third quarter, the Company stated that continued weakness in its business due to
economic factors would continue to affect its customers' budgets, limit its
visibility and impact the Company's fourth quarter results.

     Throughout the discussions during the past two years, the Company
sporadically raised the issue of price per Share, but no negotiations occurred
and Mentor never made an offer to acquire the Company.

     On December 6, 2001, at a meeting between Mr. Hinckley and Mr. Nunez,
Mentor sent the following letter to the Company's board of directors:

                    [Mentor Graphics Corporation Letterhead]

                                December 6, 2001
Board of Directors of IKOS Systems, Inc.
IKOS Systems, Inc.
79 Great Oaks Boulevard
San Jose, California 95119
c/o Ramon A. Nunez, President and Chief Executive Officer
c/o Gerald S. Casilli, Chairman of the Board of Directors

                      OFFER TO ACQUIRE IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.
Gentlemen:

     Mentor Graphics Corporation ("Mentor Graphics") offers to acquire IKOS
Systems, Inc. ("IKOS") at a price of $11.00 per share of IKOS common stock
payable in cash.

     Summary of Offer.  Our offer, which is based on publicly-available
information and is not subject to any financing condition, represents a premium
of 37% over the Nasdaq closing price of IKOS' stock on December 6, 2001, and
49.5% over the Nasdaq closing price of IKOS' stock on June 29, 2001, the trading
day before the transaction with Synopsys, Inc. was announced. Furthermore, our
offer represents a premium of 87% over the average Nasdaq closing price of IKOS'
stock for the thirty trading days ended December 6, 2001. Our all-cash offer
will enable your stockholders to receive the entire premium immediately. This
will eliminate the significant risk to your stockholders with respect to the
future performance of your business, the EDA industry, the overall stock market
or the economy generally that exists under your proposed transaction with
Synopsys.

     Our offer is not subject to the onerous closing conditions contained in
your agreement with Synopsys -- conditions that IKOS may well not be able to
satisfy in the current environment. For example, at the revenue/backlog and
profit rates of your quarter ended September 30, 2001, it is questionable
whether Synopsys would even be required to close the transaction, much less pay
your stockholders more than the $6.00 per share minimum in August 2002. In
contrast, our offer is for $11.00 per share in cash seven months earlier in
January 2002.

     The acquisition consists of a first-step cash tender offer for all
outstanding shares of IKOS common stock, followed by a second-step merger in
which IKOS' remaining stockholders would receive the same cash price per share
paid in the tender offer.

     Background.  As you are no doubt aware, Mentor Graphics approached IKOS in
April 2001 to indicate its interest in making an offer for Mentor Graphics to
acquire IKOS. On several subsequent occasions, Mentor Graphics indicated its
continued interest in acquiring IKOS to IKOS and IKOS' financial advisor.

     We were therefore disappointed that you chose not to contact us prior to
your acceptance of the Synopsys agreement -- an agreement which we believe your
stockholders will find inadequate. We believe that both your stockholders and
the investment community will welcome our superior all-cash offer -- an offer
which can be consummated very quickly. We further believe that the trading price
of IKOS' stock since the announcement of your agreement with Synopsys
demonstrates that your stockholders have serious reservations about a
transaction with Synopsys.

     Superiority of Mentor Graphics Offer.  The superiority of the Mentor
Graphics offer is easily demonstrated:

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ISSUE                             SYNOPSYS PROPOSAL                MENTOR GRAPHICS OFFER
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Certainty of Closing     Highly conditional. There is no    Minimal standard conditions for
                           certainty this transaction will    an all-cash tender offer with no
                           ever close, exposing IKOS'         financing condition; no need to
                           stockholders to risk of            wait until late summer 2002 to
                           termination for more than a        find out whether the transaction
                           year; Synopsys effectively has     is actually completed.
                           an "option" to acquire IKOS.
                           Based on an annualization of
                           IKOS' most recent quarterly
                           results, it is questionable
                           whether Synopsys will have any
                           obligation to close the
                           transaction.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Price                    Unknown at this time, subject to   $11.00 per share (in cash). Our
                           a complicated formula; based on    price is not subject to IKOS'
                           an annualization of IKOS' most     financial performance and
                           recent quarterly results, IKOS     represents a premium of 49.5%
                           stockholders may not even          over the Nasdaq closing price on
                           receive $6.00 per share.           June 29, 2001, 37% over the
                                                              Nasdaq closing price on December
                                                              6, 2001, and 87% over the
                                                              average Nasdaq closing price of
                                                              IKOS' stock for the thirty
                                                              trading days ended December 6,
                                                              2001.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Payment of               In Synopsys stock in August        In cash promptly following
  Consideration            2002; subject to subsequent risk   consummation of our tender
                           of Synopsys stock performance.     offer; no risk as to stock
                                                              performance and no financing
                                                              condition.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Closing Date             Estimated to occur in August       As early as 20 business days
                           2002, over 12 months from          after launch of tender offer;
                           announcement and at least eight    could be by early-January 2002,
                           months from now. In the Synopsys   seven months before the earliest
                           transaction IKOS is in an          anticipated closing date for the
                           uncertain state of limbo for       Synopsys transaction.
                           over a year from the date of
                           announcement.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Action by IKOS Board.  Our offer is vastly superior to the agreement with
Synopsys. We are prepared to move expeditiously to consummate the offer. In
accordance with your fiduciary duties to IKOS' stockholders and pursuant to your
existing rights under Section 5.2 of your agreement with Synopsys, we expect you
to afford us prompt access to information concerning IKOS so that we can operate
on a level playing field with Synopsys. Following satisfactory completion of
confirmatory due diligence, we would expect to enter into definitive
documentation for the transaction and consummate the transaction as soon as
possible thereafter.

     We would strongly prefer to work with you toward the consummation of a
negotiated transaction that is in the best interests of your stockholders.
Accordingly, we stand ready to meet with you at the earliest possible time.
Please contact me to arrange a meeting.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          /s/ GREGORY K. HINCKLEY
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Mentor Graphics Corporation
                                          by Gregory K. Hinckley,
                                          President and Chief Operating Officer

     On December 7, 2001, Purchaser and Mentor commenced the Offer.

     12.  Purpose and Structure of the Offer; Plans for the Company; Appraisal
Rights.

     Purpose of the Offer.  The purpose of the Offer is to acquire control of,
and ultimately the entire equity interest in, the Company. The Offer, as the
first step in the acquisition of the Company, is intended to facilitate the
acquisition of the Company. The purpose of the Proposed Merger is to acquire all
outstanding Shares not tendered and purchased pursuant to the Offer. If the
Offer is successful, we intend to consummate the Proposed Merger as promptly as
practicable. If Purchaser owns 90% or more of the outstanding Shares, following
consummation of the Offer, Purchaser intends to consummate the Proposed Merger
as a "short-form" merger pursuant to Section 253 of the DGCL. Under such
circumstances, neither the approval of any holder of Shares (other than
Purchaser) nor the Company's Board of Directors would be required. Upon
consummation of the Proposed Merger, the Company will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Mentor.

     If Purchaser owns less than 90% of the outstanding Shares, following the
consummation of the Offer, the Company's Board of Directors will be required to
submit the Proposed Merger to the Company's stockholders for approval at a
stockholders' meeting convened for that purpose in accordance with Delaware law.
If the Minimum Condition and the Section 203 Condition are satisfied, we will,
upon consummation of the Offer, have sufficient voting power to ensure approval
of the Proposed Merger at the stockholders' meeting without the affirmative vote
of any other stockholder.

     Under the Company's Bylaws, a special meeting of the Company's stockholders
may be called by the holders of not less than 10% of all of the shares entitled
to cast votes at the meeting. Under the Company's Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws, the directors of the Company may be removed without cause upon the
majority vote of all of the shares entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors. Depending upon the Company's response to the Offer, in connection
with the Offer and the Proposed Merger, Purchaser may solicit proxies to call a
special meeting of the Company's stockholders to consider the removal of the
Company's current directors and election of directors nominated by Purchaser.
Purchaser may also solicit proxies with respect to such matters and with respect
to the Synopsys Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder. Any such
solicitation will be made pursuant to separate proxy materials complying with
the requirements of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act.

     The Offer does not constitute a solicitation of proxies for any meeting of
the Company's stockholders. Any such solicitation which Purchaser might make
would be made only pursuant to separate proxy materials complying with the
requirements of the Exchange Act.

     Plans for the Company.  The acquisition of the Company will allow Mentor to
add a proven and complementary emulation product line to Mentor's existing
emulation products. The Company's products provide a mid-range verification
solution to customer desiring a lower price point solution. Acquiring the
Company will also provide Mentor with North American sales and service
capabilities in the emulation arena that Mentor will leverage across its entire
product line.

     Mentor is studying how the Company's business will be integrated into
Mentor's emulation business. We are in the process of evaluating the business
and operations of the Company during the pendency of the Offer and after the
consummation of the Offer and the Proposed Merger and will take such actions as
we deem appropriate under the circumstances. Except as described above or
elsewhere in this Offer to Purchase, we have no present plans or proposals that
would relate to or result in an extraordinary corporate transaction involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries (such as a merger, reorganization,
liquidation, relocation of any operations or sale or other transfer of a
material amount of assets), any change in the Company's Board of Directors or
management or any material change in the Company's capitalization or dividend
policy.

     Appraisal Rights.  Appraisal rights are not available in the Offer. If the
Proposed Merger is consummated, however, holders of Shares at the effective time
of the merger who do not vote in favor of, or consent to, the Proposed Merger
will have rights under Section 262 of the DGCL to demand appraisal of their
Shares. Under Section 262, stockholders who demand appraisal and comply with the
applicable statutory procedures will be entitled to receive a judicial
determination of the fair value of their Shares, exclusive of any element of
value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Proposed Merger, and
to receive payment of that fair value in cash, together with a fair rate of
interest, if any. Any such judicial determination of the fair value of Shares
could be based upon factors other than, or in addition to, the price per Share
to be paid in the Proposed Merger or the market value of the Shares. The value
so determined could be more or less than the price per Share to be paid in the
Proposed Merger.

     The foregoing summary of Section 262 does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262. Failure to follow the
steps Section 262 requires for perfecting appraisal rights may result in the
loss of those rights.

     13.  Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock Exchange
Listing(s); Registration under the Exchange Act.  The purchase of Shares by
Purchaser pursuant to the Offer will reduce the number of Shares that might
otherwise trade publicly and will reduce the number of holders of Shares, which
could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares
held by the public.

     Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer and the
aggregate market value of any Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer, the
Shares may no longer meet the standards for continued listing on the Nasdaq
National Market and may be delisted from the Nasdaq National Market. The
published guidelines of the Nasdaq National Market indicate that the Nasdaq
National Market would consider delisting the Shares if, among other things,
either (1) the number of round lot holders of Shares should fall below 400, the
number of publicly held Shares should fall below 750,000, the aggregate market
value of the publicly held Shares should fall below $5,000,000, the minimum bid
price for Shares should fall below $1 per Share, the stockholders' equity in the
Company should fall below $10,000,000, or, alternatively, (2) the market
capitalization of the Company (or the Company's total assets and total revenue
for the last completed fiscal year, respectively) should fall below $50,000,000,
the number of round lot holders of Shares should fall below 400, the number of
publicly held Shares should fall below 1,100,000, the aggregate market value of
the publicly held Shares should fall below $15,000,000, the minimum bid price
for Shares should fall below $3 per Share or there should be less than four
registered and active market makers providing quotations for the Shares. If
neither of the foregoing standards are met, the Shares would no longer be
admitted to quotation on the Nasdaq National Market.

     To the extent the Shares are delisted from the Nasdaq National Market, the
market for the Shares could be adversely affected. If the Nasdaq National Market
were to delist the Shares, it is possible that the Shares would continue to
trade in the over-the-counter market and that price quotations for the Shares
would be reported by other sources. The extent of the public market for the
Shares and the availability of such quotations would, however, depend on the
number of holders of Shares remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining
a market in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination
of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act (as described below) and
other factors. Purchaser cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of
Shares that might otherwise trade publicly, if any, effected by the Offer would
have an adverse or beneficial effect on the market price for or marketability of
the Shares or whether it would cause future market prices to be greater or less
than the price per Share to be paid in the Proposed Merger.

     The Shares are currently "margin securities," as such term is defined under
the rules of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal
Reserve Board"), which has the effect, among other things, of allowing brokers
to extend credit on the collateral of such securities. Depending upon factors
similar to those described above regarding listing and market quotations,
following the Offer it is possible that the Shares might no longer constitute
"margin securities" for purposes of the margin regulations of the Federal
Reserve Board, in which event such Shares could no longer be used as collateral
for loans made by brokers.

     The Shares are currently registered under the Exchange Act. Such
registration may be terminated upon application by the Company to the SEC if the
Shares are not listed on a "national securities exchange" and there are fewer
than 300 record holders. The termination of the registration of the Shares under
the Exchange Act would substantially reduce the information required to be
furnished by the Company to holders of Shares and to the SEC and would make
certain provisions of the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing profit recovery
provisions of Section 16(b), the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement in
connection with stockholders' meetings and the requirements of Rule 13e-3 under
the Exchange Act with respect to "going private" transactions, no longer
applicable to the Shares. In addition, "affiliates" of the Company and persons
holding "restricted securities" of the Company may be deprived of the ability to
dispose of such securities pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. If
registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act were terminated, the Shares
would no longer be "margin securities" or be eligible for reporting on the
National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System.

     As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date has occurred, Rights
Certificates are to be sent to all holders of Rights. If the Distribution Date
has occurred and the Rights separate from the Shares, the foregoing discussion
with respect to the effect of the Offer on the market for the Shares, Nasdaq
National Market listing and Exchange Act registration would apply to the Rights
in a similar manner.

     14.  Dividends and Distributions.  If on or after the date of this Offer to
Purchase, the Company should split, combine or otherwise change the Shares or
its capitalization, acquire or otherwise cause a reduction in the number of
outstanding Shares or issue or sell any additional Shares (other than Shares
issued pursuant to and in accordance with the terms in effect on the date of
this Offer to Purchase of employee stock options outstanding prior to such
date), shares of any other class or series of capital stock, other voting
securities or any securities convertible into, or options, rights, or warrants,
conditional or otherwise, to acquire, any of the foregoing, then, without
prejudice to our rights under "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer," we may, in
our sole discretion, make such adjustments in the purchase price and other terms
of the Offer as we deem appropriate including the number or type of securities
to be purchased.

     15.  Conditions to the Offer.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the
Offer, we are not required to accept for payment or pay for any Shares, and we
may terminate the Offer, if:

          (1) prior to the Expiration Date, any of the Minimum Condition, the
     Synopsys Agreement Condition, the Termination Fee Condition, the Rights
     Condition, the Section 203 Condition, the Approval Condition, or the
     Impairment Condition, in Mentor's sole discretion, has not been satisfied,
     or any waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws shall not have
     expired or been terminated; and

          (2) at any time on or after the date of this Offer to Purchase and
     prior to the Expiration Date, any of the following conditions exists:

             (a) there shall have been any law or order promulgated, entered,
        enforced, enacted, issued or deemed applicable to the Offer or the
        Proposed Merger by any court of competent jurisdiction or other
        competent governmental or regulatory authority which, directly or
        indirectly, (1) prohibits, or imposes any material limitations on,
        Mentor's or Purchaser's ownership or operation (or that of any of their
        respective subsidiaries or affiliates) of any portion of their or the
        Company's businesses or assets which is material to the business of all
        such entities taken as a whole, or compels Mentor or Purchaser (or their
        respective subsidiaries or affiliates) to dispose of or hold separate
        any portion of their or the Company's business or assets which is
        material to the business of all such entities taken as a whole, (2)
        prohibits, restrains or makes or seeks to make illegal the acceptance
        for payment, payment for or purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or
        the consummation of the Proposed

        Merger, (3) imposes material limitations on the ability of Purchaser or
        Mentor (or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates)
        effectively to acquire or to hold or to exercise full rights of
        ownership of the Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer including,
        without limitation, the right to vote such Shares on all matters
        properly presented to the Company's stockholders, (4) imposes material
        limitations on the ability of Purchaser or Mentor (or any of their
        respective subsidiaries or affiliates) effectively to control in any
        material respect any material portion of the business, assets,
        liabilities, capitalization, stockholder's equity, condition (financial
        or otherwise), licenses or franchises or results of operations of the
        Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (5) seeks to require
        divestiture by Mentor, Purchaser or any affiliate of Mentor of any
        Share, (6) in the sole discretion of Mentor, imposes or seeks to impose
        any material condition to the Offer which is unacceptable to Mentor or
        Purchaser, (7) in the sole discretion of Mentor, might result in a
        diminution of the value of the Shares or the benefits expected to be
        derived by Mentor as a result of the Offer or the Proposed Merger, (8)
        restrains or prohibits or seeks to restrain or prohibit the performance
        of any of the contracts or other arrangements entered into by Mentor,
        Purchaser or any of their affiliates in connection with the acquisition
        of the Company or obtains or seeks to obtain any material damages or
        otherwise directly or indirectly relates to the Offer, or (9) otherwise
        materially adversely affects the Company and its subsidiaries or Mentor
        or any of its Subsidiaries, including Purchaser, taken as a whole;

             (b) there shall be threatened, instituted or pending any action,
        suit, proceeding, application or counterclaim brought by a governmental
        or regulatory authority or by any other person, domestic or foreign
        (whether brought by the Company, an affiliate of the Company, or any
        other person) (1) challenging or seeking to make illegal the acquisition
        by Mentor or Purchaser of Shares or otherwise seeking to restrain, delay
        or prohibit the making or consummation of the Offer, the Proposed Merger
        or any other subsequent business transaction with the Company, (2)
        challenging or seeking to, or which is reasonably likely to, make
        illegal, materially delay or otherwise directly or indirectly restrain
        or prohibit or seeking to, or which is reasonably likely to, impose
        voting, procedural, price or other requirements, including any such
        requirements under California law, in addition to those required by the
        federal securities laws and the DGCL (each as in effect on the date of
        this Offer to Purchase), in connection with making the Offer, the
        acceptance for payment of, or payment for, any Shares by Purchaser or
        any other affiliate of Mentor of the Proposed Merger or other business
        combination with the Company, or seeking to obtain material damages in
        connection therewith, or (3) that could reasonably be expected to
        result, directly or indirectly, in any of the consequences referred to
        in clauses (1) through (9) of paragraph (a) above;

             (c) there shall have occurred (1) any general suspension of trading
        in, or limitation on prices for, securities on any United States
        national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market in excess
        of one day, (2) a commencement of a war, armed hostilities, terrorist
        attacks or other international or national calamity directly or
        indirectly involving the United States, (3) any limitation (whether or
        not mandatory) by any United States governmental or regulatory authority
        on the extension of credit by banks or other financial institutions, (4)
        any decline in either the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard &
        Poor's 500 Index or the Nasdaq National Market by an amount in excess of
        10% measured from the close of business on the date of the Offer to
        Purchase or (5) in the case of any of the foregoing (other than clause
        (4)) existing at the time of the Offer, a material acceleration or
        worsening thereof;

             (d) there shall have been any change, event or development having,
        or that could reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
        aggregate, a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or
        otherwise), business, assets, liabilities or results of operations of
        the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

             (e) Mentor, Purchaser and the Company shall have agreed that
        Purchaser shall amend the Offer to terminate the Offer or postpone the
        payment for Shares thereunder;

             (f) any person (which includes a "person" as such term is defined
        in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than Mentor, Purchaser,
        any of their affiliates, or any group of which any of them is a member
        shall have acquired beneficial ownership of more than 5% of the
        outstanding Shares, or any group shall have been formed which
        beneficially owns more than 5% of the outstanding Shares, in each case
        other than any person or group that has disclosed such ownership prior
        to the date of the Offer, and no such person (other than Mentor,
        Purchaser, any of their affiliates, or any group of which any of them is
        a member) or group shall have increased its beneficial ownership in the
        Company by more than 1% of the outstanding Shares or shall have filed a
        Notification and Report Form under the HSR Act or made a public
        announcement reflecting an intent to acquire the Company or any
        subsidiaries or material assets of the Company;

             (g) the Company or any of its subsidiaries, joint ventures or
        partners or other affiliates shall have, directly or indirectly:

           - split, combined or otherwise changed, or authorized or proposed a
             split, combination or other change of, the Shares or its
             capitalization (other than by redemption of the Rights in
             accordance with their terms as such terms have been publicly
             disclosed prior to the date of this Offer to Purchase);

           - acquired or otherwise caused a reduction in the number of, or
             authorized or proposed the acquisition or other reduction in the
             number of, outstanding Shares or other securities of the Company
             (other than as aforesaid);

           - issued, pledged, sold, authorized, proposed or announced the
             issuance, distribution or sale of, additional Shares (other than
             the issuance of Shares under options prior to the date of this
             Offer to Purchase, in accordance with the terms of such options as
             such terms have been publicly disclosed prior to the date of this
             Offer to Purchase), shares of any other class of capital stock,
             other voting securities or any securities convertible into, or
             rights, warrants or options, conditional or otherwise, to acquire,
             any of the foregoing;

           - declared or paid, or proposed to declare or pay, any dividend or
             other distribution, whether payable in cash, securities or other
             property, on or with respect to any shares of capital stock of the
             Company (other than in the event the Rights are redeemed, the price
             of redemption thereof) or issued, authorized, recommended or
             proposed the issuance or payment of any distribution;

           - altered or proposed to alter any material term of any outstanding
             security (including the Rights) other than to amend the Rights
             Agreement to make the Rights inapplicable to the Offer and the
             Proposed Merger;

           - incurred any debt other than in the ordinary course of business and
             consistent with past practices or any debt containing burdensome
             covenants;

           - except with respect to the Synopsys Agreement, authorized,
             recommended, proposed or entered into an agreement, agreement in
             principle or arrangement or understanding with respect to any
             merger, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution, business
             combination, acquisition of assets, disposition of assets, release
             or relinquishment of any material contractual right, any material
             change in the Company's capitalization, or other right of the
             Company or any of its subsidiaries or any comparable event not in
             the ordinary course of business;

           - except with respect to the Synopsys Agreement, authorized,
             recommended, proposed or entered into, or announced its intention
             to authorize, recommend, propose or enter into, any agreement,
             arrangement or understanding with any person or group that, in the
             sole judgment of Purchaser, could adversely affect either the value
             of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, joint ventures or
             partnerships or the value of the Shares to Mentor or Purchaser,
             including an amendment to the Synopsys Agreement;

           - transferred into escrow any amounts required to fund any existing
             benefit, employment or severance agreement with any of the
             Company's employees other than in the ordinary course of business
             and consistent with past practice, or entered into or amended any
             employment, change in control, severance, executive compensation or
             similar agreement, arrangement or plan with or for the benefit of
             any of its employees, consultants or directors, or made grants or
             awards thereunder, other than in the ordinary course of business or
             entered into or amended any agreements, arrangements or plans so as
             to provide for increased or accelerated benefits to any such
             persons;

           - except as may be required by law, taken any action to terminate or
             amend any employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of the
             Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended) of the
             Company or any of its subsidiaries, or Purchaser shall have become
             aware of any such action that was not disclosed in publicly
             available filings prior to the date of this Offer to Purchase;

           - amended or authorized or proposed any amendment to the Company's
             Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or Purchaser shall have
             become aware that the Company or any of its subsidiaries shall have
             proposed or adopted any such amendment that was not disclosed in
             publicly available filings prior to the date of this Offer to
             Purchase;

           - issued, sold, or authorized or announced or proposed the issuance
             of or sale to any person of any debt securities or any securities
             convertible into or exchangeable for debt securities or any rights,
             warrants or options entitling the holder thereof to purchase or
             otherwise acquire any debt securities or incurred or announced its
             intention to incur any debt otherwise than in the ordinary course
             of business and consistent with past practice; or

           - agreed in writing or otherwise to take any of the forgoing actions
             or Mentor or Purchaser shall have learned about any such action
             which has not previously been publicly disclosed by the Company and
             also set forth in filings with the SEC;

             (h) any required approval, permit, authorization or consent of any
        governmental authority or agency (including those described or referred
        to in "The Offer -- Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory Approvals") shall
        not have been obtained on terms satisfactory to Mentor in its sole
        discretion;

             (i) Mentor or Purchaser shall have reached an agreement or
        understanding with the Company providing for termination of the Offer,
        or Mentor, Purchaser or any other affiliate of Mentor shall have entered
        into a definitive agreement or announced an agreement in principle with
        the Company providing for a merger or other business combination with
        the Company or the purchase of stock or assets of the Company;

             (j)(1) any covenant, term or condition in any of the Company's or
        any of its subsidiaries', joint ventures' or partnerships' instruments,
        licenses, or agreements is or may be materially adverse to the value of
        the Shares in the hands of Purchaser (including, but not limited to, any
        event of default that may ensue as a result of the consummation of the
        Offer or the Proposed Merger or the acquisition by Mentor of control of
        the Company) or (2) any material contractual right, intellectual
        property or supply agreement of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
        or affiliates shall be impaired or otherwise adversely affected or any
        material amount of indebtedness of the Company or any of its
        subsidiaries, joint ventures or partnerships shall become accelerated or
        otherwise become due before its stated due date, in either case, with or
        without notice or the lapse of time or both, as a result of the Offer or
        the Proposed Merger;

             (k) Purchaser shall have determined in its sole discretion that
        Section 2115 of the California General Corporation Law (the "CGCL")
        applies to the Offer or the Proposed Merger; or

             (l) Mentor or Purchaser shall not have obtained any waiver,
        consent, extension, approval, action or non-action from any governmental
        authority or any agency, which is necessary to consummate the Offer;

which, in the reasonable judgment of Mentor or Purchaser in any such case, and
regardless of the circumstances (including any action or inaction by Mentor or
Purchaser or any of their affiliates) giving rise to any such condition, makes
it inadvisable to proceed with the Offer or with such acceptance for payment.

     The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Mentor and Purchaser
and may be asserted by Mentor or Purchaser regardless of the circumstances
giving rise to any such condition or may be waived by Mentor or Purchaser in
whole or in part at any time and from time to time in their reasonable
discretion. The failure by Mentor or Purchaser at any time to exercise any of
the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right; the waiver
of any such right with respect to particular facts and other circumstances shall
not be deemed a waiver with respect to any other facts and circumstances; and
each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any
time and from time to time. Any determination by Mentor or Purchaser concerning
the events described in "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" will be final and
binding on all parties.

     16.  Certain Legal Matters; Regulatory Approvals.

     General.  We are not aware of any governmental license or regulatory permit
that appears to be material to the Company's business that might be adversely
affected by our acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer or, except as set
forth below, of any approval or other action by any government or governmental
administrative or regulatory authority or agency, domestic or foreign, that
would be required for our acquisition or ownership of Shares pursuant to the
Offer. Should any such approval or other action be required, we currently
contemplate that, such approval or other action will be sought. However, we do
not intend to delay the purchase of Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer
pending the outcome of any action or the receipt of any such approval. There can
be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be
obtained (with or without substantial conditions) or that if such approvals were
not obtained or such other actions were not taken adverse consequences might not
result to the Company's business or certain parts of the Company's business
might not have to be disposed of, any of which could cause us to elect to
terminate the Offer without the purchase of Shares thereunder. Our obligation
under the Offer to accept for payment and pay for Shares is subject to certain
conditions. See "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer."

     State Takeover Laws.  Section 2115 of the CGCL purports to subject certain
corporations with specified minimum contacts in California to certain provisions
of the CGCL even if that corporation is organized under the laws of a different
state. Purchaser believes that Section 2115 of the CGCL should not operate so as
to make such provisions applicable to the Company.

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, that Mentor is
satisfied, in its sole discretion, that Section 203 of the DGCL is inapplicable
to the Offer and the Proposed Merger. In the Delaware litigation, Mentor and
Purchaser are seeking, among other things, to compel the Company's Board of
Directors to approve the Offer and the Proposed Merger for purposes of
satisfying the Section 203 Condition.

     Section 203 of the DGCL, in general, prohibits a Delaware corporation such
as the Company from engaging in a "Business Combination" (defined as a variety
of transactions, including mergers) with an "Interested Stockholder" (defined
generally as a person that is the beneficial owner of 15% or more of a
corporation's outstanding voting stock) for a period of three years following
the time that such person became an interested stockholder unless: (a) prior to
the time such person became an interested stockholder, the board of directors of
the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that
resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (b) upon
consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an
Interested Stockholder, the Interested Stockholder owned at least 85% of the
voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction
commenced, excluding stock held by directors who are also officers of the
corporation and employee stock ownership plans that do not provide employees
with the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the
plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or (c) on or subsequent to
the date such person became an Interested Stockholder, the Business Combination
is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and authorized at a
meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of
the holders of a least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation not owned by the Interested Stockholder.

     Under Section 203, the restrictions described above do not apply if, among
other things (a) the corporation's original certificate of incorporation
contains a provision expressly electing not to be governed by Section 203; (b)
the corporation, by action of its stockholders, adopts an amendment to its
certificate of incorporation or bylaws expressly electing not to be governed by
Section 203, provided that, in addition to any other vote required by law, such
amendment of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws must be approved by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote, which amendment
would not be effective until 12 months after the adoption of such amendment and
would not apply to any Business Combination between the corporation and any
person who became an Interested Stockholder of the corporation on or prior to
the date of such adoption; (c) the corporation does not have a class of voting
stock that is (1) listed on a national securities exchange, (2) authorized for
quotation on The NASDAQ Stock Market or (3) held of record by more than 2,000
stockholders, unless any of the foregoing results from action taken, directly or
indirectly, by an Interested Stockholder or from a transaction in which a person
became an Interested Stockholder; or (d) a stockholder becomes an Interested
Stockholder "inadvertently" and thereafter divests itself of a sufficient number
of shares so that such stockholder ceases to be an Interested Stockholder. Under
Section 203, the restrictions described above also do not apply to certain
Business Combinations proposed by an Interested Stockholder following the
announcement or notification or one of certain extraordinary transactions
involving the corporation and a person who had not been an Interested
Stockholder during the previous three years or who became an Interested
Stockholder with the approval of a majority of the corporation's directors.

     Section 203 provides that, during such three-year period, the corporation
may not merge or consolidate with an Interested Stockholder or any affiliate or
associate thereof, and also may not engage in certain other transactions with an
Interested Stockholder or any affiliate or associate thereof, including, without
limitation, (a) any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
disposition of assets (except proportionately as a stockholder of the
corporation) having an aggregate market value equal to 10% or more of the
aggregate market value of all assets of the corporation determined on a
consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding stock of
a corporation; (b) any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by
the corporation or by certain subsidiaries thereof of any stock of the
corporation or such subsidiaries to the Interested Stockholder, except pursuant
to a transaction which effects a pro rata distribution to all stockholders of
the corporation; (c) any transaction involving the corporation or any
subsidiaries thereof which has the effect of increasing the proportionate share
of the stock of any class or series, or securities convertible into the stock of
any class or series, of the corporation or any such subsidiary which is owned
directly or indirectly by the Interested Stockholder (except as a result of
immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments); or (d) any receipt of
the Interested Stockholder of the benefit (except proportionately as a
stockholder of such corporation) of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or
other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation.

     The foregoing description of Section 203 does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of Section 203.

     The Company is incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and its
operations are conducted throughout the United States. A number of states have
adopted takeover laws and regulations that purport to be applicable to attempts
to acquire securities of corporations that are incorporated in those states or
that have substantial assets, stockholders, principal executive offices or
principal places of business in those states. To the extent that these state
takeover statutes purport to apply to the Offer or the Proposed Merger, we
believe that those laws conflict with U.S. federal law and are an
unconstitutional burden on interstate commerce. In 1982, the Supreme Court of
the United States, in Edgar v. MITE Corp., invalidated on constitutional grounds
the Illinois Business Takeover Statute, which, as a matter of state securities
law, made takeover of corporations meeting certain requirements more difficult.
The reasoning in that decision is likely to apply to certain other state
takeover statutes. In 1987, however, in CTS Corp. v. Dynamics Corp. of America,
the Supreme Court of the United States held that the State of Indiana could as a
matter of corporate law and, in particular, those aspects of corporate law
concerning corporate governance, constitutionally disqualify a potential
acquiror from voting on the affairs of a target corporation without the prior
approval of the remaining stockholders, as long as those laws were applicable
only under certain conditions. Subsequently, in TLX Acquisition Corp. v. Telex
Corp., a federal district court in Oklahoma ruled that the Oklahoma statutes
were

unconstitutional insofar as they apply to corporations incorporated outside
Oklahoma, because they would subject those corporations to inconsistent
regulations. Similarly, in Tyson Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds, a federal district
court in Tennessee ruled that four Tennessee takeover statutes were
unconstitutional as applied to corporations incorporated outside Tennessee. This
decision was affirmed by the United State Court of Appeals for the Sixth
Circuit. In December 1988, a federal district court in Florida held, in Grand
Metropolitan PLC v. Butterworth, that the provisions of the Florida Affiliated
Transactions Act and Florida Control Share Acquisition Act were unconstitutional
as applied to corporations incorporated outside of Florida.

     Except as described herein, we have not attempted to comply with any state
takeover statutes in connection with this Offer or the Proposed Merger. We
reserve the right to challenge the validity or applicability of any state law
allegedly applicable to the Offer or the Proposed Merger, and nothing in this
Offer to Purchase nor any action that we take in connection with the Offer is
intended as a waiver of that right. In the event that it is asserted that one or
more takeover statutes apply to the Offer or the Proposed Merger, and it is not
determined by an appropriate court that the statutes in question do not apply or
are invalid as applied to the Offer or the Proposed Merger, as applicable, we
may be required to file certain documents with, or receive approvals from, the
relevant state authorities, and we might be unable to accept for payment or
purchase Shares tendered in the Offer or be delayed in continuing or
consummating the Offer. In that case, we may not be obligated to accept for
purchase, or pay for, any Shares tendered. See "The Offer -- Conditions to the
Offer."

     Antitrust.  Under the Hart-Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended (the "HSR Act"), and the rules that have been promulgated thereunder
by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition transactions
may not be consummated unless certain information has been furnished to the
Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust Division") and
the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been satisfied. The
purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer is subject to such requirements.

     Pursuant to the requirements of the HSR Act, Mentor intends to file a
Notification and Report Form with respect to the Offer and the Proposed Merger
with the Antitrust Division and the FTC on or about December 10, 2001. As a
result, we anticipate that the waiting period applicable to the purchase of
Shares pursuant to the Offer is scheduled to expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City
time, on or about Wednesday, December 26, 2001. However, prior to such time, the
Antitrust Division or the FTC may extend the waiting period by requesting
additional information or documentary material relevant to the Offer from us. If
such a request is made, the waiting period will be extended until 11:59 p.m.,
New York City time, on the tenth day after our substantial compliance with such
request. Thereafter, such waiting period can be extended only by court order. A
request will be made pursuant to the HSR Act for early termination of the
waiting period applicable to the Offer. There can be no assurance, however, that
the HSR Act waiting period will be terminated early.

     Shares will not be accepted for payment or paid for pursuant to the Offer
until the expiration or earlier termination of the applicable waiting period
under the HSR Act. See "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer." Any extension of
the waiting period will not give rise to any withdrawal rights not otherwise
provided for by applicable law. See "The Offer -- Withdrawal Rights." Subject to
certain circumstances described in "The Offer -- Extension of Tender Period;
Termination; Amendment," any extension of the waiting period will not give rise
to any withdrawal rights not otherwise provided for by applicable law. If our
acquisition of Shares is delayed pursuant to a request by the Antitrust Division
or the FTC for additional information or documentary material pursuant to the
HSR Act, the Offer may be extended.

     The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2000 indicates that the Company and certain of its subsidiaries
conduct business in foreign countries where regulatory filings or approvals
under antitrust and other laws may be required or desirable in connection with
the consummation of the Offer and the Proposed Merger. Certain of such filings
for approvals, if required or desirable, may not be made or obtained prior to
the expiration of the Offer. After commencement of the Offer, Mentor and
Purchaser will seek further information regarding the applicability of any such
laws and currently intend to take such action as may be required or desirable.
If any government or governmental authority or agency takes

any action prior to the completion of the Offer that, in the sole judgment of
Purchaser, might have certain adverse effects, Purchaser will not be obligated
to accept for payment or pay for any Shares tendered.

     The Antitrust Division and the FTC frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as our acquisition of Shares pursuant to
the Offer. At any time before or after the consummation of any such
transactions, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action under the
antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest,
including seeking to enjoin the purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer or
seeking divestiture of the Shares so acquired or divestiture of Mentor's or the
Company's substantial assets. Private parties (including individual states) may
also bring legal actions under the antitrust laws. We do not believe that the
consummation of the Offer will result in a violation of any applicable antitrust
laws. However, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer on
antitrust grounds will not be made, or if such a challenge is made, what the
result will be. See "The Offer -- Conditions to the Offer" for certain
conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to litigation and
certain governmental actions.

     Appraisal Rights.  Holders of Shares do not have appraisal rights as a
result of the Offer. However, if the Proposed Merger is consummated, holders of
Shares will have certain rights pursuant to the provisions of Section 262 of the
DGCL to dissent and demand appraisal of their Shares in connection with the
Proposed Merger. Under Section 262, dissenting stockholders who comply with the
applicable statutory procedures will be entitled to receive a judicial
determination of the fair value of their Shares, exclusive of any element of
value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Proposed Merger, and
to receive payment of such fair value in cash, together with a fair rate of
interest, if any. Any such judicial determination of the fair value of the
Shares could be based upon factors other than, or in addition to, the price per
Share to be paid in the Proposed Merger or the market value of the Shares. The
value so determined could be more or less than the price per Share to be paid in
the Proposed Merger.

     Delaware Law.  The Proposed Merger also would need to comply with other
applicable procedural and substantive requirements of Delaware law. Several
decisions by Delaware courts have held that, in certain circumstances, a
controlling stockholder of a corporation involved in a merger has a fiduciary
duty to the other stockholders that requires the merger to be fair to such other
stockholders. In determining whether a merger is fair to minority stockholders,
Delaware courts have considered, among other things, the type and amount of
consideration to be received by the stockholders and whether there were fair
dealings among the parties.

     Foreign Laws.  According to publicly available information, the Company
also leases property and conducts businesses in a number of other jurisdictions.
In connection with the acquisition of the Shares pursuant to the Offer, the laws
of certain foreign countries and jurisdictions may require the filing of
information with, or the obtaining of the approval of, governmental authorities
in such countries and jurisdictions. In addition, the waiting period prior to
consummation of the Offer associated with such filings or approvals may extend
beyond the scheduled Expiration Date. The governments in such countries and
jurisdictions might attempt to impose additional conditions on the Company's
operations conducted in such countries and jurisdictions as a result of the
acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Proposed Merger.

     17.  Fees and Expenses.  Mentor has retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to
act as the Information Agent and Wilmington Trust Company to act as the
Depositary in connection with the Offer. The Information Agent may contact
holders of Shares by mail, telephone, telex, telegraph and personal interviews
and may request brokers, dealers, banks, trust companies and other nominees to
forward materials relating to the Offer to beneficial owners. The Information
Agent and the Depositary each will receive customary compensation for their
respective services, will be reimbursed for certain reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses and will be indemnified against certain liabilities in connection
therewith, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

     We will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or any
other person (other than the Information Agent and the Depositary) for
soliciting tenders of Shares and Rights pursuant to the Offer. Brokers, dealers,
commercial banks and trust companies will, upon request, be reimbursed by us for
reasonable and necessary costs and expenses incurred by them in forwarding
materials to their customers.

     18.  Legal Proceedings between Mentor and the Company

     On December 7, 2001, Mentor and Purchaser commenced litigation against the
Company and the Company's Board of Directors in the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware seeking, among other things, an order:

     - declaring that certain provisions of the Synopsys Agreement, including
       the termination fee provisions ("Termination Fee"), certain operating
       restrictions on the Company ("Operating Restrictions"), and the no-shop
       provisions ("No-Shop Provisions") were entered into in violation of the
       Company's Board of Directors' fiduciary duties under Delaware Law;

     - invalidating the No-Shop Provisions, Operating Restrictions and
       Termination Fee;

     - enjoining the Company, Synopsys, and their respective agents and
       employees from taking any further steps to proceed with the Synopsys
       Agreement until the Company's stockholders have had an opportunity to
       consider the Offer and Proposed Merger;

     - declaring that failure to redeem the Rights or to render the Rights
       inapplicable to the Offer and the Proposed Merger would constitute a
       breach of the Company's Board of Directors' fiduciary duties under
       Delaware law;

     - invalidating the Rights or compelling the Company's Board of Directors to
       redeem the Rights or render the Rights inapplicable to the Offer and the
       Proposed Merger;

     - declaring that failure by the Company's Board of Directors to approve the
       Offer and the Proposed Merger for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL
       would constitute a breach of the Company's Board of Directors' fiduciary
       duties under Delaware law;

     - compelling the Company's Board of Directors to approve the Offer and the
       Proposed Merger for purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL;

     - enjoining the Company's Board of Directors from taking any actions
       designed to impede or which have the effect of impeding the Offer or the
       Proposed Merger, Mentor's and Purchaser's possible request for a call of
       a special meeting of stockholders, or Mentor's and Purchaser's possible
       solicitation of proxies for a special meeting, and declaring that any
       such actions would constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties by the
       Company's Board of Directors under Delaware law;

     - declaring that none of the purchases of the Shares, the Offer or Proposed
       Merger, Mentor's and Purchaser's possible request for a call of a special
       meeting, Mentor's and Purchaser's possible solicitation of proxies for a
       special meeting violate any continuing obligation that Mentor may have
       under the confidentiality agreement entered into by Mentor and the
       Company on June 16, 2000 (the "Confidentiality Agreement"); and

     - enjoining Synopsys and its respective agents and employees from aiding
       and abetting the Company's Board of Directors' breach of fiduciary duties
       to the Company's stockholders.

     Also on December 7, 2001, Mentor and Purchaser commenced litigation against
the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware
seeking, among other things, a declaratory judgment that Mentor and Purchaser
have disclosed all information required by, and are otherwise in full compliance
with, the Exchange Act and any other federal securities laws, rules or
regulations deemed applicable to any purchases of the Company's securities by
Mentor or Purchaser, any future purchases of the Company's securities by Mentor
or Purchaser made in conjunction with the Offer, any Schedule 13D filed by
Mentor relating to its beneficial ownership of the Company's stock, and any
public disclosures by Mentor made in connection with the Offer.

     19.  Miscellaneous.  The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be
accepted from or on behalf of, holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which
the making of the Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with
the laws of such jurisdiction. However, we may, in our discretion, take such
action as we may

deem necessary to make the Offer in any such jurisdiction and extend the Offer
to holders of Shares in such jurisdiction.

     No person has been authorized to give any information or make any
representation on behalf of Purchaser or Mentor not contained in this Offer to
Purchase or in the Letter of Transmittal and, if given or made, such information
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized.

     We have filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO,
together with exhibits, pursuant to Rule 14d-3 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Exchange Act, furnishing certain additional information
with respect to the Offer. The Schedule TO and any amendments thereto, including
exhibits, may be examined and copies may be obtained from the offices of the SEC
in the manner set forth in "The Offer -- Certain Information Concerning the
Company -- Available Information" of this Offer to Purchase.

                                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

                                          FRESNO CORPORATION

December 7, 2001

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

            DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF MENTOR AND PURCHASER

     The name, current principal occupation or employment and material
occupations, positions, offices or employment for the past five years, of each
director and executive officer of Mentor are set forth below. References herein
to "Mentor" mean Mentor Graphics Corporation. Unless otherwise indicated below,
the business address of each director and officer is c/o Mentor Graphics
Corporation, 8005 Boeckman Road, Wilsonville, Oregon 97070-7777. Where no date
is shown, the individual has occupied the position indicated for the past five
years. Unless otherwise indicated, each occupation set forth opposite an
individual's name refers to employment with Mentor. Except as described herein,
none of the directors and officers of Mentor listed below has, during the past
five years, (1) been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations or similar misdemeanors) or (2) been a party to any judicial or
administrative proceeding that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order
enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities
subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of
federal or state securities laws. All directors and officers listed below are
citizens of the United States.

                                                                    PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AND
            NAME                           TITLE                      FIVE YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ----------------------------  -------------------------------   -----------------------------------------

Walden C. Rhines              Chairman of the Board and Chief   Dr. Rhines has served as Chairman of the
                              Executive Officer                 Board and Chief Executive Officer of
                                                                Mentor since 2000. From 1993 to 2000 he
                                                                was Director, Chief Executive Officer and
                                                                President of Mentor.
Gregory K. Hinckley           Director, President and Chief     Mr. Hinckley has served as Director and
                              Operating Officer                 President of Mentor since 2000. From 1997
                                                                to 2000 he served as Executive Vice
                                                                President, Chief Operating Officer and
                                                                Chief Financial Officer of Mentor. From
                                                                1995 until 1996 Mr. Hinckley was Senior
                                                                Vice President of VLSI Technology, Inc.
L. Don Maulsby                Senior Vice President, World      Mr. Maulsby has served as Senior Vice
                              Trade                             President, World Trade since October
                                                                1999. From June 1998 to October 1999, he
                                                                was president of Tri-Tech and Associates,
                                                                a manufacturer's representative firm.
                                                                From June 1997 to June 1998 he was Vice
                                                                President of World Wide Sales and
                                                                Marketing for Interphase Corporation, a
                                                                manufacturer of high performance network
                                                                and mass storage products. From April
                                                                1988 to December 1997, he was employed by
                                                                VLSI Technology, Inc. where his duties
                                                                included Vice President Worldwide Sales
                                                                and Vice President and General Manager of
                                                                its Computing Division.

                                                                    PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AND
            NAME                           TITLE                      FIVE YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ----------------------------  -------------------------------   -----------------------------------------

Anthony B. Adrian             Vice President, Corporate         Mr. Adrian has served as Vice President,
                              Controller                        Corporate Controller since joining Mentor
                                                                in January 1998. From August to December
                                                                of 1997, he held the position of Vice
                                                                President and Acting Controller for
                                                                Wickland Oil Company, a petroleum
                                                                marketing and distribution company. From
                                                                January 1996 to August 1997, Mr. Adrian
                                                                served as Managing Director of Wickland
                                                                Terminals in Australia. From November
                                                                1992 to January 1996, Mr. Adrian served
                                                                as Vice President and Controller of
                                                                Wickland Oil.
Jue-Hsien Chern               Vice President, Deep Submicron    Dr. Chern has served as Vice President
                              Division                          and General Manager of Mentor's Deep
                                                                Submicron (DSM) Division since joining
                                                                Mentor in January 2000. From 1994 to
                                                                1998, Dr. Chern served as Vice President
                                                                and Chief Technology Officer for
                                                                Technology Modeling Associates. In 1998
                                                                Technology Modeling Associates merged
                                                                with Avant! Corporation and Dr. Chern
                                                                became head of Avant!'s DSM Business
                                                                Unit. From August 1999 to December 1999,
                                                                Dr. Chern was President of Ultima
                                                                Corporation.
Brian Derrick                 Vice President                    Mr. Derrick has served as Vice President
                                                                and General Manager of Mentor's Physical
                                                                Verification (PVX) Division since
                                                                November 2000. From March 1998 to
                                                                November 2000, he was the Director of
                                                                Mentor's Calibre and Velocity Strategic
                                                                Business Unit. From January 1997 to March
                                                                1998, he was marketing manager for
                                                                Mentor's Calibre Business Unit. Mr.
                                                                Derrick was employed by Allied Signal
                                                                Corporation from 1988 to 1997, where his
                                                                duties included marketing manager. He has
                                                                been with Mentor since 1997.
Dean Freed                    Vice President, General Counsel   Mr. Freed has served as Vice President,
                              and Secretary                     General Counsel and Secretary of Mentor
                                                                since July 1995. Mr. Freed served as
                                                                Deputy General Counsel and Assistant
                                                                Secretary of Mentor from April 1994 to
                                                                July 1995. He has been employed by Mentor
                                                                since January 1989.
Henry Potts                   Vice President and General        Mr. Potts has served as Vice President
                              Manager, Systems Design           and General Manager of the Systems Design
                              Division                          Division (SDD) since joining Mentor in
                                                                April 1999. From 1997 to 1998, Mr. Potts
                                                                was Vice President of Engineering for
                                                                Hitachi Micro Systems, a semiconductor
                                                                research and development company. From
                                                                1994 to 1997, he was employed by Motorola
                                                                Semiconductor where his duties included
                                                                leading the development activities for
                                                                Advanced Signal Processor Silicon and
                                                                software products.

                                                                    PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AND
            NAME                           TITLE                      FIVE YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ----------------------------  -------------------------------   -----------------------------------------

Anne Wagner Sanquini          Vice President and General        Ms. Sanquini has served as Vice President
                              Manager, HDL Division             and General Manager of the Hardware
                                                                Description Language (HDL) Design
                                                                Division since April 1999. From June 1998
                                                                to April 1999, Ms. Sanquini served as
                                                                Vice President, Marketing for Mentor.
                                                                From 1996 to 1998, Ms. Sanquini was Vice
                                                                President of Corporate Marketing for the
                                                                SunSoft operating company of Sun
                                                                Microsystems, Inc. Ms. Sanquini has been
                                                                with Mentor since June 1998.
Dennis Weldon                 Treasurer                         Mr. Weldon has served as Treasurer and
                                                                Director of Corporate Business
                                                                Development since February 1996. Mr.
                                                                Weldon served as Director of Business
                                                                Development from June 1994 to January
                                                                1996. Mr. Weldon has been employed by
                                                                Mentor since July 1988.
Marsha B. Congdon             Director                          Ms. Congdon has served as a Director of
                                                                Mentor since 1991. Since 1997, Ms.
                                                                Congdon's principal occupation has been
                                                                private investment. Ms. Congdon served as
                                                                Vice President, Policy and Strategy of US
                                                                West Inc. from 1995 to 1997.
James R. Fiebiger             Director                          Dr. Fiebiger has served as a Director of
                                                                Mentor since 1994. He has been Chairman
                                                                of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                of Lovoltech Inc. (a semiconductor
                                                                company) since 1999; Vice Chairman and
                                                                Managing Director of Technology Licensing
                                                                of Gatefield Corporation (a semiconductor
                                                                company) from 1998 to 2000; President and
                                                                Chief Executive Officer of Gatefield
                                                                Corporation from 1996 to 1998; Chairman
                                                                of the Board and Managing Director of
                                                                Thunderbird Technologies, Inc. (a
                                                                technology licensing company) from 1992
                                                                to 1997; Chairman of the Board of
                                                                Directors of Thunderbird Technologies,
                                                                Inc.; Director of QLogic Corporation (a
                                                                developer of semiconductor and
                                                                board-level products) and Actel
                                                                Corporation (a developer of field
                                                                programmable gate arrays).
David A. Hodges               Director                          Dr. Hodges has served as Director of
                                                                Mentor since 1995. Dr. Hodges is a
                                                                Professor in the Graduate School of the
                                                                Department of Electrical Engineering and
                                                                Computer Science at the University of
                                                                California at Berkeley ("UC Berkeley")
                                                                where he has been a faculty member since
                                                                1970. Dr. Hodges was Dean of the College
                                                                of Engineering at UC Berkeley from 1990
                                                                to 1996. Dr. Hodges is also a Director of
                                                                Silicon Image, Inc.

                                                                    PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION AND
            NAME                           TITLE                      FIVE YEAR EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
- ----------------------------  -------------------------------   -----------------------------------------

Kevin C. McDonough            Director                          Dr. McDonough has served as a Director of
                                                                Mentor since 1999. Since 1999, he has
                                                                served as President and Chief Executive
                                                                Officer of ChipData, Inc. Dr. McDonough
                                                                was Vice President and General Manager of
                                                                National Semiconductor Corporation from
                                                                1997 to 1999 and served as Senior Vice
                                                                President of Engineering of Cyrix
                                                                Corporation from 1989 to 1997.
Fontaine K. Richardson        Director                          Dr. Richardson has served as a Director
                                                                of Mentor since 1983. His principal
                                                                occupation since 2000 has been private
                                                                investment. Dr. Richardson has been a
                                                                General Partner of Eastech III and Vice
                                                                President of Eastech Management Company
                                                                from 1983 to 2000. He also serves as
                                                                Director of ePresence, Inc.

     The name and position with Purchaser of each director and officer of
Purchaser are set forth below. The business address, Mentor principal occupation
or employment, five-year employment history and citizenship of each such person
is set forth above.

                    NAME                                            TITLE
- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------

Walden C. Rhines                                President, Chief Executive Officer and
                                                Director
Gregory K. Hinckley                             Chief Financial Officer and Director
Dean Freed                                      Secretary

                                                                     SCHEDULE II

                   TRANSACTIONS IN SHARES IN THE PAST 60 DAYS

  DATE    NO. OF SHARES PURCHASED   RANGE OF PRICE PER SHARE*
- --------  -----------------------   -------------------------

11/27/01          53,400              $6.33 -- $5.895
11/28/01          55,500              $6.54 -- $6.2797
11/29/01          93,200              $7.55 -- $6.54
11/30/01          39,300              $7.48 -- $7.24
12/03/01          26,350              $7.50 -- $7.31
12/04/01          14,750              $7.45 -- $7.3594
12/05/01           8,800              $7.48 -- $7.39
12/06/01         120,300              $7.95 -- $7.48

- ---------------

* Net of Brokerage Commissions

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
           (INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS)

                                       OF

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.
                                       AT
                              $11.00 NET PER SHARE
                                       BY

                               FRESNO CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

     The Letter of Transmittal and certificates for Shares and any other
required documents should be sent to the Depositary at one of the addresses set
forth below:

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                            [WILMINGTON TRUST LOGO]

By Mail:                                       By Hand/Overnight Courier:
CT Reorg. Svcs., Drop Code 1615                Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Company                       Rodney Square North
P.O. Box 8861                                  1100 North Market Street
Wilmington, Delaware 19899-8861                Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1615
                                               Attn: Corporate Trust Reorg. Svcs.

                                 By Facsimile:

                                 (302) 636-4145

                             Confirm by Telephone:

                                 (302) 636-6518

     If you have questions or need additional copies of this Offer to Purchase
and the Letter of Transmittal, you can call the Information Agent at its address
and telephone number set forth below. You may also contact your broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the
Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                                [MACKENZIE LOGO]

                                156 Fifth Avenue
                            New York, New York 10010
                         (212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)
                      E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
                                       or
                         Call Toll Free (800) 322-2885

EX-99.(A)(1)(B)

f77751ex99-a1b.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(B)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(B)
                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
           (INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS)

                                       OF

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.
                                       AT

                              $11.00 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                              FRESNO CORPORATION,
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF
                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

           THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
 NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                        THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER IS:

                            [WILMINGTON TRUST LOGO]

                     By Mail:                                   By Hand/Overnight Courier:
          CT Reorg. Svcs., Drop Code 1615                        Wilmington Trust Company
             Wilmington Trust Company                               Rodney Square North
                   P.O. Box 8861                                 1100 North Market Street
          Wilmington, Delaware 19899-8861                     Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1615
                                                            Attn: Corporate Trust Reorg. Svcs.

                                 By Facsimile:

                                 (302) 636-4145

                             Confirm by Telephone:

                                 (302) 636-6518

    DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH
ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

    THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

    This Letter of Transmittal is to be used if certificates are to be forwarded
herewith or, unless an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) is
utilized, if delivery of Shares and associated Rights (as defined below) is to
be made by book-entry transfer to the Depositary's account at The Depository
Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility") pursuant to the procedures
set forth in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights" of the
Offer to Purchase.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)                              SHARES TENDERED
       (PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK, EXACTLY AS NAME(S)                    (ATTACH ADDITIONAL LIST IF NECESSARY)
   AND SHARES TENDERED APPEAR(S) ON SHARE CERTIFICATE(S))
- ------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    TOTAL NUMBER
                                                                                      OF SHARES            NUMBER
                                                                 CERTIFICATE       REPRESENTED BY         OF SHARES
                                                                 NUMBER(S)*        CERTIFICATE(S)*       TENDERED**

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                Total Shares
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  * Need not be completed by stockholders tendering by book-entry transfer.
 ** Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares represented by any certificates delivered to the
    Depositary are being tendered. See Instruction 4.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            DESCRIPTION OF RIGHTS TENDERED*
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)                              SHARES TENDERED
       (PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK, EXACTLY AS NAME(S)                    (ATTACH ADDITIONAL LIST IF NECESSARY)
  AND RIGHTS TENDERED APPEAR(S) ON RIGHTS CERTIFICATE(S))
- ------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    TOTAL NUMBER
                                                                   RIGHTS             OF RIGHTS            NUMBER
                                                                 CERTIFICATE       REPRESENTED BY         OF RIGHTS
                                                                 NUMBER(S)**      CERTIFICATE(S)**       TENDERED***

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                Total Rights
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   * Need not be completed unless separate Rights Certificates have been issued.
  ** Need not be completed by stockholders tendering Rights by book-entry transfer.
 *** Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Rights represented by any certificates delivered to the
     Depositary are being tendered. See Instruction 4.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Holders of outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share
(the "Shares"), of IKOS Systems, Inc. (the "Company"), including the associated
preferred stock purchase rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Amended
and Restated Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 1999, between the Company and
Bank Boston, N.A., as amended (the "Rights Agreement"), whose certificates for
such Shares (the "Share Certificates") and, if applicable, such Rights (the
"Rights Certificates") are not immediately available or who cannot deliver their
Share Certificates or, if applicable, their Rights Certificates and all other
required documents to the Depositary on or prior to the Expiration Date (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase), or who cannot complete the procedure for
book-entry transfer on a timely basis, must tender their Shares and Rights
according to the guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in "The
Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights -- Guaranteed Delivery" of
the Offer to Purchase. See Instruction 2. Delivery of documents to the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility does not constitute delivery to the Depositary.

LOST CERTIFICATES
[ ]  I HAVE LOST MY CERTIFICATE(S) THAT REPRESENTED ________ SHARES AND RIGHTS
     AND REQUIRE ASSISTANCE IN OBTAINING A REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE(S). I
     UNDERSTAND THAT I MUST CONTACT THE DEPOSITARY AND/OR THE COMPANY TO OBTAIN
     INSTRUCTIONS FOR REPLACING LOST CERTIFICATES. SEE INSTRUCTION 9.

                    NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.

                PLEASE READ ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.

[ ]  CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES AND RIGHTS ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY
     TRANSFER TO THE DEPOSITARY'S ACCOUNT AT THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY
     AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

Name of Tendering Institution
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Account Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Transaction Code Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[ ]  CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES AND RIGHTS ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A
     NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND
     COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:

Name(s) of Tendering Stockholder(s)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------

Name of Institution which Guaranteed Delivery
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

If delivery is by book-entry transfer:

Name of Tendering Institution
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Account Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Transaction Code Number
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Fresno Corporation ("Purchaser"), a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics
Corporation, an Oregon corporation, the above-described shares of common stock,
par value $0.01 per share ("Shares") of IKOS Systems, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), including the associated preferred stock purchase
rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Rights
Agreement, dated January 22, 1999, between the Company and Bank Boston, N.A.
pursuant to Purchaser's offer to purchase all of the outstanding Shares at
$11.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated December
7, 2001, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and in this Letter of
Transmittal (which together, as each may be amended or supplemented from time to
time, constitute the "Offer"). We reserve the right to transfer or assign, in
whole or from time to time in part, to one or more of our affiliates the right
to purchase Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or
assignment will not relieve us of our obligations under the Offer or prejudice
your rights to receive payment for Shares validly tendered and accepted for
payment.

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer and effective
upon acceptance for payment of and payment for the Shares and associated Rights
tendered herewith, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers to, or
upon the order of, Purchaser all right, title and interest in and to all the
Shares that are being tendered hereby (and any and all other Shares or Rights or
other securities issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after the date
hereof) and appoints the Depositary the true and lawful agent and
attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to such Shares (and all such
other Shares or Rights or securities), with full power of substitution (such
power of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an
interest), to (i) deliver certificates for such Shares and, if applicable,
Rights (and all such other Shares or Rights or securities), or transfer
ownership of such Shares and Rights (and all such other Shares or Rights or
securities) on the account books maintained by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility,
together, in any such case, with all accompanying evidences of transfer and
authenticity, to or upon the order of Purchaser, (ii) present such Shares and
Rights (and all such other Shares or securities) for transfer on the books of
the Company and (iii) receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all rights of
beneficial ownership of such Shares (and all such other Shares or Rights or
securities), all in accordance with the terms of the Offer.

     The undersigned understands that, unless the Rights Condition (as defined
in the Offer to Purchase) is satisfied, holders of Shares will be required to
tender one Right for each Share tendered in order to effect a valid tender of
such Share. Unless and until the Distribution Date (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase) occurs, the Rights are represented by and transferred with the Shares.
Accordingly, if the Distribution Date does not occur prior to the Expiration
Date, a tender of Shares will constitute a tender of the associated Rights. If a
Distribution Date has occurred, Rights Certificates representing that number of
Rights equal to the number of Shares being tendered must be delivered to the
Depositary in order for such Shares to be validly tendered. If a Distribution
Date has occurred but Rights Certificates have not been received by the
undersigned, the undersigned agrees hereby to deliver Rights Certificates
representing a number of Rights equal to the number of Shares tendered herewith
to the Depositary within three Nasdaq National Market trading days of the date
such Rights Certificates are distributed. Purchaser reserves the right to
require that the Depositary receive such Rights Certificates, or an Agent's
Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), if available, with respect to
such Rights prior to accepting Shares for payment. Payment for Shares tendered
and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely
receipt by the Depositary of, among other things, such Rights Certificates, if
such certificates have been distributed to holders of Shares. Purchaser will not
pay any additional consideration for the Rights tendered pursuant to the Offer.

     The undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints Walden C. Rhines and Gregory K.
Hinckley, individually, as the attorneys and proxies of the undersigned, each
with full power of substitution, to exercise all voting and other rights of the
undersigned in such manner as each such attorney and proxy or his substitute
shall in his sole discretion deem proper, with respect to all of the Shares and
Rights tendered hereby which have been accepted for payment by Purchaser prior
to the time of any vote or other action (and any and all other Shares or Rights
or other securities issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after the date
hereof), at any meeting of stockholders of the Company (whether annual or
special and whether or not an adjourned meeting), by written consent or
otherwise. This proxy is irrevocable and is granted in consideration of, and is
effective upon, the acceptance for payment of such Shares and Rights by
Purchaser in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Such acceptance for payment
shall revoke any other proxy or written consent granted by the undersigned at
any time with respect to such Shares (and all such other Shares or Rights or
securities), and no subsequent proxies will be given or written consents will be
executed by the undersigned (and if given or executed, will not be deemed to be
effective).

     The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has
full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the Shares or, if
applicable, Rights tendered hereby (and any and all other Shares or Rights other
securities issued or issuable in respect thereof on or after the date hereof)
and that when the same are accepted for payment by Purchaser, Purchaser will
acquire good and unencumbered title thereto, free and clear of all liens,
restrictions, charges and encumbrances and not subject to any adverse claims.
The undersigned will, upon request, execute and deliver any additional documents
deemed by the Depositary or Purchaser to be necessary or desirable to complete
the sale, assignment and transfer of the Shares or, if applicable, Rights
tendered hereby (and all such other Shares or Rights or securities).

     All authority herein conferred or agreed to be conferred shall survive the
death or incapacity of the undersigned, and any obligation of the undersigned
hereunder shall be binding upon the heirs, personal representatives, successors
and assigns of the undersigned. Except as stated in the Offer, this tender is
irrevocable.

     The undersigned understands that tenders of Shares or Rights pursuant to
any one of the procedures described in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering
Shares and Rights" of the Offer to Purchase and in the instructions hereto will
constitute an agreement between the undersigned and Purchaser upon the terms and
subject to the conditions of the Offer.

     Unless otherwise indicated under "Special Payment Instructions," please
issue the check for the purchase price of any Share Certificates, and, if
applicable, any Rights Certificates purchased, and return any Shares or Rights
not tendered or not purchased, in the name(s) of the undersigned (and, in the
case of Shares or Rights tendered by book-entry transfer, by credit to the
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility). Similarly, unless otherwise
indicated under "Special Delivery Instructions," please mail the check for the
purchase price of any Share Certificates and, if applicable, any Rights
Certificates purchased and any certificates for Shares and Rights not tendered
or not purchased (and accompanying documents, as appropriate) to the undersigned
at the address shown below the undersigned's signature(s). In the event that
both "Special Payment Instructions" and "Special Delivery Instructions" are
completed, please issue the check for the purchase price of any Share
Certificates and, if applicable, Rights Certificates purchased and return any
Shares and Rights not tendered or not purchased in the name(s) of, and mail said
check and any certificates to, the person(s) so indicated. The undersigned
recognizes that Purchaser has no obligation, pursuant to the "Special Payment
Instructions," to transfer any Shares and Rights from the name of the registered
holder(s) thereof if Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares or
Rights so tendered.

          ------------------------------------------------------------

                          SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
                           (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 6 AND 7)

   To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Share
   Certificates and Rights Certificates purchased (less the amount of any
   federal income and backup withholding tax required to be withheld) or
   certificates for Shares and Rights not tendered or not purchased are to be
   issued in the name of someone other than the undersigned.

   Mail:  [ ] check
           [ ] certificates to:

   Name:
   ----------------------------------------------------
                                    (PLEASE PRINT)

   Address:
   --------------------------------------------------

          ------------------------------------------------------------
                                    ZIP CODE

          ------------------------------------------------------------
                         (TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)

          ------------------------------------------------------------
          ------------------------------------------------------------

                         SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                           (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 6 AND 7)

   To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Share
   Certificates and Rights Certificates purchased (less the amount of any
   federal income and backup withholding tax required to be withheld) or
   certificates for Shares and Rights not tendered or not purchased are to be
   mailed to someone other than the undersigned or to the undersigned at an
   address other than that shown below the undersigned's signature(s).

   Mail:  [ ] check
           [ ] certificates to:

   Name:
   ----------------------------------------------------
                                    (PLEASE PRINT)

   Address:
   --------------------------------------------------

          ------------------------------------------------------------
                                    ZIP CODE

          ------------------------------------------------------------
                         (TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NO.)
          ------------------------------------------------------------

                                   SIGN HERE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            (SIGNATURE(S) OF OWNERS)

Dated
- ---------------------------

Name(s) ------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Capacity (full title)
               -----------------------------------------------------------------

Address-------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

Area Code and Telephone Number
                           -----------------------------------------------------

(Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on Share
Certificate(s) and Rights Certificate(s) or on a security position listing or by
person(s) authorized to become registered holder(s) by certificates and
documents transmitted herewith. If signature is by a trustee, executor,
administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, agent, officer of a corporation or
other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity, please set forth
full title and see Instruction 5.)

                           GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                           (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1 AND 5)

Authorized Signature
                ----------------------------------------------------------------

Name  --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Title---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             (PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT)

Name of Firm
           ---------------------------------------------------------------------

Address-------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

Area Code and Telephone Number
                           -----------------------------------------------------

Dated
- ---------------------------

                     FOR USE BY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ONLY
        FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS: PLACE MEDALLION GUARANTEE IN SPACE ABOVE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        PAYER'S NAME: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SUBSTITUTE                         PART 1 -- PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR TIN IN THE BOX AT RIGHT AND
 FORM W-9                           CERTIFY BY SIGNING AND DATING BELOW                          ------------------------------
 DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY                                                                          Social Security Number
 INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE
                                                                                                               OR
 PAYER'S REQUEST FOR
 TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION                                                                         ------------------------------
 NUMBER (TIN) AND                                                                                   Employer Identification
 CERTIFICATION                                                                                             Number(s)
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    PART 2 -- FOR PAYEES EXEMPT FROM BACKUP WITHHOLDING (See
                                    Page 2 of enclosed Guidelines)
                                   -----------------------------------------------------------
                                    PART 3 -- Certification Under Penalties of Perjury, I
                                    certify that:
                                    (1) The number shown on this form is my current taxpayer
                                    identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be
                                        issued to me) and
                                                                                                           PART 4 --
                                                                                                        Awaiting TIN [ ]
                                    (2) I am not subject to backup withholding either because
                                    I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service
                                        (the "IRS") that I am subject to backup withholding as
                                        a result of failure to report all interest or
                                        dividends, or the IRS has notified me that I am no
                                        longer subject to backup withholding.
                                   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS -- You must cross out item (2) in Part 3 above if you have been
                                    notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup withholding because of underreporting
                                    interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if after being notified by the IRS that
                                    you are subject to backup withholding you receive another notification from the IRS stating
                                    that you are no longer subject to backup withholding, do not cross out item (2).

                                    SIGNATURE ---------------------------------------- DATE--------------------------------
                                    NAME------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    ADDRESS--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    CITY------------------------------- STATE---------- ZIP CODE---------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

               YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU
                 CHECK THE BOX IN PART 4 OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

                     PAYER'S NAME: WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

     I certify under penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number
has not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an
application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate
Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office or (b)
I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I understand that
if I do not provide a taxpayer identification number within sixty (60) days, a
portion of all reportable payments made to me thereafter will be withheld until
I provide such a number.

Signature ----------------------------------- Date ------------

NOTE: FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING
      OF A PORTION OF ANY PAYMENT MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. PLEASE
      REVIEW THE ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER
      IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

                                  INSTRUCTIONS

             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     1.  Guarantee of Signatures.  Except as otherwise provided below, all
signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial
institution (including most banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage
houses) that is a member of a recognized Medallion Program approved by The
Securities Transfer Association, Inc. or any other "eligible guarantor
institution" (as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) (each an "Eligible Institution"). Signatures
on this Letter of Transmittal need not be guaranteed (i) if this Letter of
Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares and Rights
(which term, for purposes of this document, shall include any participant in the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name appears on a security position listing
as the owner of Shares and Rights) tendered herewith and such holder(s) have not
completed the instruction entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on this Letter
of Transmittal or (ii) if such Shares and Rights are tendered for the account of
an Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5.

     2.  Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Shares.  This Letter of
Transmittal is to be used if Share Certificates (and, if applicable, Rights
Certificates) are to be forwarded herewith or, unless an Agent's Message is
utilized, if deliveries are to be made by book-entry transfer pursuant to the
procedures set forth in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights"
of the Offer to Purchase. Share Certificates for all physically delivered
Shares, or a confirmation of a book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account
at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility of all Shares delivered electronically, as
well as a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a
manually signed facsimile thereof) and any other documents required by this
Letter of Transmittal, or an Agent's Message in the case of a book-entry
transfer, must be received by the Depositary at one of its addresses set forth
on the front page of this Letter of Transmittal by the Expiration Date (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase). If a Distribution Date (as defined in the
Offer to Purchase) has occurred, Rights Certificates, or book-entry confirmation
of a transfer of Rights into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility, if available (together with, if Rights are forwarded separately from
Shares, a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a
facsimile thereof) with any required signature guarantee, or an Agent's Message
in the case of a book-entry delivery, and any other documents required by this
Letter of Transmittal), must be received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth herein prior to the Expiration Date or, if later, within
three Nasdaq National Market trading days of the date on which such Rights
Certificates are distributed. If Share Certificates (and, if applicable, Rights
Certificates) are forwarded to the Depositary in multiple deliveries, a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal must accompany each such
delivery. Stockholders whose Share Certificates (and, if applicable, Rights
Certificates) are not immediately available, who cannot deliver their Share
Certificates (and, if applicable, Rights Certificates) and all other required
documents to the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date or who cannot complete
the procedure for delivery by book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may tender
their Shares pursuant to the guaranteed delivery procedure described in Section
4 of the Offer to Purchase. Pursuant to such procedure: (a) such tender must be
made by or through an Eligible Institution; (b) a properly completed and duly
executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, substantially in the form provided by
Purchaser, must be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date; and
(c) Share Certificates (and, if applicable, Rights Certificates) for all
tendered Shares or Rights, in proper form for tender, or a confirmation of a
book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility of all Shares or Rights delivered electronically, as well as a properly
completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal (or a manually signed
facsimile thereof), and any other documents required by this Letter of
Transmittal, must be received by the Depositary within (i) in the case of
Shares, three Nasdaq National Market trading days of the date of execution of
such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery or (ii) in the case of Rights, a period
ending on the later of (y) three Nasdaq National Market trading days after the
date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and (z) three Nasdaq
National Market trading days after the date Rights Certificates are distributed,
all as provided in "The Offer -- Procedure for Tendering Shares and Rights" of
the Offer to Purchase.

     The method of delivery of Shares and associated Rights and all other
required documents is at the option and risk of the tendering stockholder. If
certificates for Shares and/or Rights are sent by mail, registered mail with
return receipt requested, properly insured, is recommended.

     No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted, and no
fractional Shares and Rights will be purchased. By executing this Letter of
Transmittal, the tendering stockholder waives any right to receive any notice of
the acceptance for payment of the Shares.

     3.  Inadequate Space.  If the space provided herein is inadequate, the
Share Certificate (and, if applicable, Rights Certificate) numbers, the number
of Shares evidenced by such Share Certificates (and, if applicable, the number
of Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificates) and the number of Shares (and,
if applicable, the number of Rights) tendered should be listed on a separate
signed schedule and attached hereto.

     4.  Partial Tenders (not applicable to stockholders who tender by
book-entry transfer).  If fewer than all the Shares represented by any
certificate delivered to the Depositary are to be tendered, fill in the number
of Shares and, if applicable, Rights which are to be tendered in the box
entitled "Number of Shares Tendered" and, if applicable, "Number of Rights
Tendered." In such case, a new certificate for the remainder of the Shares or
Rights represented by the old certificate will be sent to the person(s) signing
this Letter of Transmittal, unless otherwise provided in the appropriate box on
this Letter of Transmittal, as promptly as practicable following the expiration
or termination of the Offer. All Shares or Rights represented by certificates
delivered to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless
otherwise indicated.

     5.  Signatures on Letter of Transmittal; Stock Powers and Endorsements.  If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares
and Rights tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as
written on the face of the certificates without alteration, enlargement or any
change whatsoever.

     If any of the Shares or Rights tendered hereby are held of record by two or
more persons, all such persons must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

     If any of the Shares or Rights tendered hereby are registered in different
names on different certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and
submit as many separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different
registrations of certificates.

     If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the
Shares and Rights tendered hereby, no endorsements of certificates or separate
stock powers are required unless payment of the purchase price is to be made, or
Shares or Rights not tendered or not purchased are to be returned, in the name
of any person other than the registered holder(s). Signatures on any such
certificates or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Shares or Rights tendered hereby, certificates must
be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case, signed
exactly as the name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on the certificates
for such Shares or Rights. Signature(s) on any such certificates or stock powers
must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.

     If this Letter of Transmittal or any certificate or stock power is signed
by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney-in-fact, officer of a
corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary or representative capacity,
such person should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence satisfactory to
Purchaser of the authority of such person so to act must be submitted.

     6.  Stock Transfer Taxes.  Purchaser will pay any stock transfer taxes with
respect to the sale and transfer of any Shares and Rights to it or its order
pursuant to the Offer. If, however, payment of the purchase price is to be made
to, or Shares or Rights not tendered or not purchased are to be returned in the
name of, any person other than the registered holder(s), or if a transfer tax is
imposed for any reason other than the sale or transfer of Shares or Rights to
Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, then the amount of any stock transfer taxes
(whether imposed on the registered holder(s), such other person or otherwise)
will be deducted from the purchase price unless satisfactory evidence of the
payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom, is submitted herewith.

     7.  Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.  If the check for the
purchase price of any Shares and Rights purchased is to be issued, or any Shares
or Rights not tendered or not purchased are to be returned, in the name of a
person other than the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal or if the
check or any certificates for Shares or Rights not tendered or not purchased are
to be mailed to someone other than the person(s) signing this Letter of
Transmittal or to the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal at an address
other than that shown above, the appropriate boxes on this Letter of Transmittal
should be completed. Stockholders tendering Shares or Rights by book-entry
transfer may request that Shares or Rights not purchased be credited to such
account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as such stockholder may designate
under "Special Payment Instructions." If no such instructions are given, any
such Shares or Rights not purchased will be returned by crediting the account at
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility designated above.

     8.  Substitute Form W-9.  Under the federal income tax laws, the Depositary
will be required to withhold a portion of the amount of any payments made to
certain stockholders pursuant to the Offer. In order to avoid such backup
withholding, each tendering stockholder, and, if applicable, each other payee,
must provide the Depositary with such stockholder's or payee's correct taxpayer
identification number and certify that such stockholder or payee is not subject
to such backup withholding by completing the Substitute Form W-9. In general, if
a stockholder or payee is an individual, the taxpayer identification number is
the Social Security number of such individual. If the Depositary is not provided
with the correct taxpayer identification number, the stockholder or payee may be
subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. For further
information concerning backup withholding and instructions for completing the
Substitute Form W-9 (including how to obtain a taxpayer identification number if
you do not have one and how to complete the Substitute Form W-9 if Shares are
held in more than one name), consult the enclosed Guidelines for Certification
of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9.

     Certain stockholders or payees (including, among others, all corporations
and certain foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and
reporting requirements. In order to satisfy the Depositary that a foreign
individual qualifies as an exempt recipient, such stockholder or payee must
submit a statement, signed under penalties of perjury, attesting to that
individual's exempt status, on a properly completed Form W-8BEN, or successor
form. Such statements can be obtained from the Depositary.

     Failure to complete the Substitute Form W-9 will not, by itself, cause
Shares and Rights to be deemed invalidly tendered, but may require the
Depositary to withhold a portion of the amount of any payments made pursuant to
the Offer. Backup withholding is not an additional federal income tax. Rather,
the federal income tax liability of a person subject to backup withholding will
be reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an
overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained provided that the required
information is furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. NOTE: FAILURE TO
COMPLETE AND RETURN THE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 MAY RESULT IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF
A PORTION OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE
ENCLOSED GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON
SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 FOR ADDITIONAL DETAILS.

     9.  Mutilated, Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.  Any holder of a
certificate(s) which represented Shares or Rights whose certificate(s) has been
mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed should (i) complete this Letter of
Transmittal and check the appropriate box above and (ii) contact the Depositary
immediately by calling (302) 636-6518. The Depositary will provide such holder
will all necessary forms and instructions to replace any mutilated, lost, stolen
or destroyed certificates. The holder may also be required to give the Company a
bond as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to
the certificate(s) alleged to have been mutilated, lost, stolen, or destroyed.
However, there can be no assurances that such mutilated, lost, stolen or
destroyed certificates will be replaced prior to the expiration date of the
Offer.

     10.  Waiver of Conditions.  The Conditions of the Offer may be waived, in
whole or in part, by Purchaser, in its sole discretion, at any time and from
time to time, in the case of any shares tendered.

     11.  Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.  Requests for assistance
or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase and this Letter of Transmittal may
be obtained from the Information Agent at its address or telephone number set
forth below.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          (DO NOT WRITE IN THE SPACES BELOW)
     Date Received ---------------              Accepted by ---------------                  Checked by
                                                                                             ---------------
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        SHARES        SHARES         SHARES         CHECK          AMOUNT         SHARES      CERTIFICATE   BLOCK
     SURRENDERED     TENDERED       ACCEPTED         NO.          OF CHECK       RETURNED         NO.        NO.
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         ----          ----           ----                   Gr                    ----           ----      ----
         ----          ----           ----                   Net                   ----           ----      ----
     Delivery Prepared By ---------------       Checked By ---------------                   Date ---------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Any questions and requests for assistance may be directed to the
Information Agent at its telephone numbers and location listed below. Additional
copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of
Guaranteed Delivery may be obtained from the Information Agent at its address
and telephone numbers set forth below. Holders of Shares may also contact their
broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company or other nominee for assistance
concerning the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                                [MACKENZIE LOGO]

                                156 Fifth Avenue
                            New York, New York 10010
                         (212) 929-5500 (Call Collect)
                      E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
                                       or
                         Call Toll-Free (800) 322-2885

EX-99.(A)(1)(C)

f77751ex99-a1c.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(C)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(C)

                         NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                        TO TENDER SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
           (INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS)
                                       OF

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.
                                       AT
                              $11.00 NET PER SHARE
                                       BY

                              FRESNO CORPORATION,
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
            TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     This form, or a form substantially equivalent to this form, must be used to
accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates evidencing shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of IKOS Systems, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and, if applicable, certificates for the
associated preferred stock purchase rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the
Amended and Restated Rights Agreement between the Company and Bank Boston, N.A.
dated January 22, 1999, as amended (the "Rights Agreement"), are not immediately
available (including because certificates for Rights have not yet been
distributed), or if the procedure for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on
a timely basis or time will not permit all required documents to reach
Wilmington Trust Company (the "Depositary") on or prior to the Expiration Date
(as defined in the Offer to Purchase, dated December 7, 2001 (the "Offer to
Purchase")). This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or
facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary. See "The Offer -- Procedures
for Tendering Shares and Rights" of the Offer to Purchase.

                        THE DEPOSITARY FOR THE OFFER IS:

                            WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY

                            [WILMINGTON TRUST LOGO]

                By Mail:                           By Hand/Overnight Courier:
     CT Reorg. Svcs., Drop Code 1615                Wilmington Trust Company
        Wilmington Trust Company                       Rodney Square North
              P.O. Box 8861                         1100 North Market Street
     Wilmington, Delaware 19899-8861             Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1615
                                               Attn: Corporate Trust Reorg. Svcs.

                                 By Facsimile:

                                 (302) 636-4145

                             Confirm by Telephone:

                                 (302) 636-6518

     DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS
SET FORTH ABOVE OR TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION TO A
NUMBER OTHER THAN AS LISTED ABOVE, DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

     This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery is not to be used to guarantee
signatures. If a signature on a Letter of Transmittal is required to be
guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" under the instructions
thereto, such signature guarantee must appear in the applicable space provided
in the signature box on the Letter of Transmittal.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Fresno Corporation ("Purchaser"), a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics
Corporation, an Oregon corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated December 7, 2001 and the related Letter
of Transmittal (which together, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, constitute the "Offer"), receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, the number of Shares and/or Rights specified below pursuant to the
guaranteed delivery procedure set forth in "The Offer -- Procedures for
Tendering Shares and Rights" of the Offer to Purchase.

                                                ---------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------                     SIGN HERE

- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
     Certificate Numbers (if available)                           Signature

- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
 [ ] Check here if Shares and Rights will be          (Name(s)) (Please Print) Name of
       tendered by book-entry transfer                      Tendering Institution

- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
          Number of Shares tendered                                Address

- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
          Number of Rights tendered                              (Zip Code)

- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
               Account Number                         (Area Code and Telephone Number)
- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------

                                   GUARANTEE
                    (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEE)

     The undersigned, a firm which is a bank, broker, dealer, credit union,
savings association or other entity which is a member in good standing of a
recognized Medallion Program approved by the Securities Transfer Association,
Inc. or any other "eligible guarantor institution" (as such term is defined in
Rule 17Ad-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), guarantees
(a) that the above named person(s) "own(s)" the Shares and Rights tendered
hereby within the meaning of Rule 14e-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, (b) that such tender of Shares and Rights complies with Rule 14e-4 and (c)
to deliver to the Depositary of the Shares and Rights tendered hereby, in proper
form of transfer, or a Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase), together with a properly completed and duly executed Letter of
Transmittal (or a manually signed facsimile thereof) with any required signature
guarantees, or an Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) in the
case of a book-entry delivery, and any other required documents (x) in the case
of Shares, within three Nasdaq National Market trading days of the date hereof
and (y) in the case of Rights, within a period ending on the later of (i) three
Nasdaq National Market trading days after the date hereof or (ii) three Nasdaq
National Market trading days after the date certificates for Rights are
distributed to stockholders.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (NAME OF FIRM)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             (AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     (NAME)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   (ADDRESS)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   (ZIP CODE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        (AREA CODE AND TELEPHONE NUMBER)

     DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES OR RIGHTS CERTIFICATES WITH THIS NOTICE OF
GUARANTEE DELIVERY. SHARE CERTIFICATES AND, IF APPLICABLE, RIGHTS CERTIFICATES
SHOULD BE SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

Dated:
- -------------------------------------------------

EX-99.(A)(1)(D)

f77751ex99-a1d.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(D)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(D)
                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
           (INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS)
                                       OF

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.
                                       AT
                              $11.00 NET PER SHARE
                                       BY

                              FRESNO CORPORATION,
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
            TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                                                                December 7, 2001
To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
Trust Companies and Other Nominees:

     This letter relates to the offer being made by Mentor Graphics Corporation,
an Oregon corporation ("Mentor"), through Fresno Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Purchaser"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor, to purchase all
of the issued and outstanding common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the
"Shares"), of IKOS Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"),
including the associated preferred stock purchase rights (the "Rights") issued
pursuant to the Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 1999,
between the Company and Bank Boston, N.A., as amended (the "Rights Agreement"),
at a price of $11.00 per Share net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchaser's Offer to
Purchase dated December 7, 2001 and the related Letter of Transmittal (which
together, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
constitute the "Offer").

     Unless the Rights Condition (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) is
satisfied, the Company's stockholders will be required to tender one Right for
each Share tendered in order to effect a valid tender of Shares in accordance
with the procedures set forth in "The Offer -- Procedures for Tendering Shares
and Rights" of the Offer to Purchase. Unless the Distribution Date (as defined
in the Offer to Purchase) occurs, a tender of Shares will also constitute a
tender of the associated Rights.

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, the following:

     - That the Company's stockholders validly tender and do not withdraw prior
       to the expiration date of the Offer a number of Shares, including the
       associated Rights, representing, together with the Shares owned by
       Mentor, at least a majority of the total number of outstanding Shares on
       a fully diluted basis.

     - That Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the Agreement and
       Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated July 2, 2001 among the Company,
       Synopsys, Inc. and Oak Merger Corporation (the "Synopsys Agreement") has
       been terminated in accordance with the terms of such agreement as in
       effect on the date of the Offer to Purchase or such other terms as may be
       satisfactory to Mentor in its sole discretion.

     - That the termination fee provision in the Synopsys Agreement has been
       invalidated or the obligations to pay any amounts pursuant to such
       provision have been terminated, without any termination fee, or any
       portion thereof, having been paid by the Company or any of its affiliates
       pursuant to the Synopsys Agreement.

     - That the board of directors of the Company redeems the Rights in
       accordance with the terms of such Rights as in effect at such time or
       Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the Rights have been
       invalidated or are otherwise inapplicable to the Offer and the Proposed
       Merger of Purchaser with and into the Company (the "Proposed Merger").

     - That Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the provisions of
       Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law do not apply to or
       otherwise restrict the Offer and the Proposed Merger.

     - That the Company's stockholders do not approve the Synopsys Agreement.

     - That the Company has not entered into or effectuated any agreement or
       transaction with any person or entity having the effect of impairing
       Purchaser's ability to acquire the Company or otherwise diminishing the
       expected economic value to Mentor of the acquisition of the Company.

     - That any waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws have expired or
       have been terminated.

     For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, we are enclosing
the following documents:

          1.  Offer to Purchase dated December 7, 2001;

          2.  Letter of Transmittal for your use and for the information of your
     clients (including Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
     Number on Substitute Form W-9 providing information relating to backup
     federal income tax withholding);

          3.  Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if
     the Shares and all other required documents cannot be delivered to
     Wilmington Trust Company ("the Depositary") by the Expiration Date (as
     defined in the Offer to Purchase);

          4.  A form of letter which may be sent to your clients for whose
     accounts you hold Shares registered in your name or in the name of your
     nominee, with space provided for obtaining such clients' instructions with
     regard to the Offer; and

          5.  Return envelope addressed to the Depositary.

     WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. THE OFFER AND
WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY,
JANUARY 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or
other person (other than the Information Agent or the Depositary as described in
the Offer to Purchase) for soliciting tenders of Shares and Rights pursuant to
the Offer. Purchaser will, however, upon request, reimburse brokers, dealers,
commercial banks and trust companies for reasonable and necessary costs and
expenses incurred by them in forwarding materials to their customers. Purchaser
will pay all stock transfer taxes applicable to its purchase of Shares and
Rights pursuant to the Offer, subject to Instruction 6 of the Letter of
Transmittal.

     In order to accept the Offer, a duly executed and properly completed Letter
of Transmittal and any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) in connection with a book-entry delivery of
Shares, and any other required documents, should be sent to the Depositary by
12:00 Midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday, January 8, 2002.

     Any inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed
to, and additional copies of the enclosed materials may be obtained from, the
Information Agent or the undersigned at the addresses and telephone numbers set
forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION
                                          FRESNO CORPORATION

     NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE YOU
THE AGENT OF PURCHASER, MENTOR, THE INFORMATION AGENT OR THE DEPOSITARY, OR
AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR MAKE ANY STATEMENT ON
BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE DOCUMENTS
ENCLOSED HEREWITH AND THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED THEREIN.

EX-99.(A)(1)(E)

f77751ex99-a1e.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(E)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(E)
                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
           (INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS)
                                       OF

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.
                                       AT
                              $11.00 NET PER SHARE
                                       BY

                              FRESNO CORPORATION,
                          A WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                          MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON
            TUESDAY, JANUARY 8, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

To Our Clients:

     Enclosed for your consideration are the Offer to Purchase dated December 7,
2001 and the related Letter of Transmittal (which together, as amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time constitute the "Offer") in
connection with the offer by Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation
("Mentor") through Fresno Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser"), and
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor, to purchase for cash all of the shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Shares"), of IKOS Systems, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"), including the associated preferred stock
purchase rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated
Rights Agreement dated January 22, 1999 between the Company and Bank Boston,
N.A., as amended (the "Rights Agreement"). We are the holder of record of Shares
held for your account. A tender of such Shares and the associated Rights can be
made only by us as the holder of record and pursuant to your instructions. The
Letter of Transmittal is furnished to you for your information only and cannot
be used by you to tender Shares and Rights held by us for your account.

     We request instructions as to whether you wish us to tender any or all of
the Shares and Rights held by us for your account, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal.

     Your attention is invited to the following:

          1.  The tender price is $11.00 per Share, net to you in cash.

          2.  The Offer and withdrawal rights expire at 12:00 Midnight, New York
     City time, on Tuesday, January 8, 2002, unless the Offer is extended.

          3.  The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, the following:

              - That the Company's stockholders validly tender and do not
                withdraw prior to the expiration date of the Offer a number of
                Shares (including the associated Rights) representing, together
                with the Shares owned by Mentor, at least a majority of the
                total number of outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis.

              - That Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the
                Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated July 2,
                2001 among the Company, Synopsys, Inc. and Oak Merger

                Corporation (the "Synopsys Agreement") has been terminated in
                accordance with the terms of such agreement as in effect on the
                date of the Offer or such other terms as may be satisfactory to
                Mentor in its sole discretion.

              - That the termination fee provision in the Synopsys Agreement has
                been invalidated or the obligations to pay any amounts pursuant
                to such provision have been terminated, without any termination
                fee, or any portion thereof, having been paid by the Company or
                any of its affiliates pursuant to the Synopsys Agreement.

              - That the board of directors of the Company redeems the Rights in
                accordance with the terms of such Rights as in effect at such
                time or Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the
                Rights have been invalidated or are otherwise inapplicable to
                the Offer and the Proposed Merger of Purchaser with and into the
                Company (the "Proposed Merger").

              - That Mentor is satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the
                provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
                Law do not apply to or otherwise restrict the Offer and the
                Proposed Merger.

              - That the Company's stockholders do not approve the Synopsys
                Agreement.

              - That the Company has not entered into or effectuated any
                agreement or transaction with any person or entity having the
                effect of impairing Purchaser's ability to acquire the Company
                or otherwise diminishing the expected economic value to Mentor
                of the acquisition of the Company.

              - That any waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws have
                expired or have been terminated.

          4.  Any stock transfer taxes applicable to the sale of Shares and
     Rights to the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer will be paid by the
     Purchaser, except as otherwise provided in Instruction 6 of the Letter of
     Transmittal.

     If you wish to have us tender any or all of your Shares and Rights, please
so instruct us by completing, executing, detaching and returning to us the
instruction form on the detachable part hereof. An envelope to return your
instructions to us is enclosed. If you authorize tender of your Shares and
Rights, all such Shares and Rights will be tendered unless otherwise specified
on the detachable part hereof. Your instructions should be forwarded to us in
ample time to permit us to submit a tender on your behalf by the expiration of
the Offer.

     The Offer is not being made to, nor will tenders be accepted from or on
behalf of, holders of Shares and Rights in any jurisdiction in which the making
of the Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws of
such jurisdiction.

     Payment for Shares and Rights purchased pursuant to the Offer will in all
cases be made only after timely receipt by Wilmington Trust Company (the
"Depositary") of (a) certificates representing the Shares and Rights tendered or
timely confirmation of the book-entry transfer of such Shares and Rights into
the account maintained by the Depositary at The Depository Trust Company (the
"Book-Entry Transfer Facility"), pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section
4 of the Offer to Purchase, (b) the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed
and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees or an Agent's Message
(as defined in the Offer to Purchase), in connection with a book-entry delivery,
and (c) any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. Accordingly,
payment may not be made to all tendering stockholders at the same time depending
upon when certificates for or confirmations of book-entry transfer of such
Shares and Rights into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility are actually received by the Depositary.

                          INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO
                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
           (INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS)
                                       OF

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.

     The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed
Offer to Purchase dated December 7, 2001, and the related Letter of Transmittal,
in connection with the offer by Mentor through Purchaser to purchase all of the
shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share (the "Shares"), of IKOS
Systems, Inc. (the "Company"), including the associated preferred stock purchase
rights (the "Rights) issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Rights
Agreement, dated January 22, 1999, between the Company and Bank Boston, N.A., as
amended (the "Rights Agreement").

     This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares and Rights indicated
below held by you for the account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of
Transmittal.

- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------

      Number of Shares to be Tendered:                            SIGN HERE

                                                ---------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------- Shares* ---------------------------------------------
                                                                Signature(s)

      Number of Rights to be Tendered:          ---------------------------------------------
                                                        Please type or print name(s)

- --------------------------------------- Rights* ---------------------------------------------
                                                        Please type or print address

Dated
     ----------------------------------------   -----------------------------------------
                                                       Area Code and Telephone Number

                                                ---------------------------------------------
                                                         Taxpayer Identification or
                                                           Social Security Number
- ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------

* Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares and Rights held
  by us for your account are to be tendered.

EX-99.(A)(1)(F)

f77751ex99-a1f.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(F)

                                                               EXHIBIT (a)(1)(F)

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

GUIDELINES FOR DETERMINING THE PROPER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER TO GIVE THE
PAYER.--Social Security Numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens: i.e.,
000-00-0000. Employer Identification Numbers have nine digits separated by only
one hyphen: i.e., 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to
give the payer.

- --------------------------------------------------------
                             GIVE THE
                             SOCIAL SECURITY
FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:    NUMBER OF--
- --------------------------------------------------------

 1.  An individual's         The individual
     account
 2.  Two or more             The actual owner of the
     individuals (joint      account or, if combined
     account)                funds, any one of the
                             individuals(1)
 3.  Husband and wife        The actual owner of the
     (joint account)         account or, if joint funds,
                             either person(1)
 4.  Custodian account of a  The minor(2)
     minor (Uniform Gift to
     Minors Act)
 5.  Adult and minor (joint  The adult or, if the minor
     account)                is the only contributor,
                             the minor(1)
 6.  Account in the name of  The ward, minor, or
     guardian or committee   incompetent person(3)
     for a designated ward,
     minor, or incompetent
     person
 7.  a. The usual revocable  The grantor-trustee(1)
        savings trust
        account (grantor is
        also trustee)
     b. So-called trust      The actual owner(1)
        account that is not
        a legal or valid
        trust under State
        law

- --------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------
                             GIVE THE
                             EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION
FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:    NUMBER OF--
- --------------------------------------------------------

 8.  Sole proprietorship     The Owner(4)
     account
 9.  A valid trust, estate   The legal entity (Do not
     or pension trust        furnish the identifying
                             number of the personal
                             representative or trustee
                             unless the legal entity
                             itself is not designated in
                             the account title)(5)
10.  Corporate account       The corporation
11.  Religious, charitable,  The organization
     or educational
     organization account
12.  Partnership account     The partnership
     held in the name of
     the business
13.  Association, club, or   The organization
     other tax-exempt
     organization
14.  A broker or registered  The broker or nominee
     nominee
15.  Account with the        The public entity
     Department of
     Agriculture in the
     name of a public
     entity (such as a
     State or local
     government, school
     district, or prison)
     that receives
     agricultural program
     payments
- --------------------------------------------------------

(1) List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish.
(2) Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.
(3) Circle the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such
    person's social security number.
(4) You must show your individual name, but you may also enter your business or
    "doing business" name. You may use either your Social Security Number or
    Employer Identification Number.
(5) List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust.

NOTE: If no name is circled when there is more than one name, the number will be
      considered to be that of the first name listed.

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9
                                     PAGE 2

OBTAINING A NUMBER
If you do not have a taxpayer identification number or if you do not know your
number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for Social Security Number Card, or Form
SS-4, Application for Employer Identification Number, at the local office of the
Social Security Administration or the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") and
apply for a number.

Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL payments by brokers
include the following:
  - A corporation.
  - A financial institution.
  - An organization exempt from a tax under Section 501(a), or an individual
    retirement plan or a custodial account under Section 403(b)(7) if the
    account satisfies the requirements of Section 401(F)(2).
  - The United States or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any
    subdivision or instrumentality thereof.
  - A foreign government, a political subdivision of a foreign government, or
    any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - An international organization or any agency or instrumentality thereof.
  - A registered dealer in securities or commodities registered in the U.S. or a
    possession of the U.S.
  - A real estate investment trust.
  - A common trust fund operated by a bank under Section 584(a).
  - An entity registered at all times under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
  - A foreign central bank of issue.
  - A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity Futures Trading
    Commission.
  - A person registered under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940 who regularly
    acts as a broker.
Payments of dividends and patronage dividends not generally subject to backup
withholding include the following:
  - Payments to nonresident aliens subject to withholding under Section 1441.
  - Payments to partnerships not engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. and
    which have at least one nonresident partner.
  - Payments of patronage dividends where the amount received is not paid in
    money.
  - Payments made by certain foreign organizations.
  - Payments made to a nominee.
Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the
following:
  - Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals. Note: You may be
    subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid
    in the course of the payer's trade or business and you have not provided
    your correct taxpayer identification number to the payer.
  - Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt-interest dividends under
    Section 852).
  - Payments described in Section 6049(b)(5) to nonresident aliens.
  - Payments on tax-free covenant bonds under Section 1451.
  - Payments made by certain foreign corporations.
  - Payments made to a nominee.
Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous
backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYER, FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, CHECK "EXEMPT" IN PART 2 OF THE FORM, SIGN AND DATE THE
FORM AND RETURN IT TO THE PAYER.

Certain payments other than interest, dividends, and patronage dividends, which
are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup
withholding. For details, see the regulations under Section 6041, 6041(A)(a),
6045, and 6050A.

PRIVACY ACT NOTICE.--Section 6109 requires most recipients of dividend,
interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payers
who must report the payments to IRS. IRS uses the numbers for identification
purposes. Payers must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are
required to file tax returns. Beginning January 1, 1993, payers must generally
withhold a portion of taxable interest, dividend, and certain other payments to
a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payer.
Certain penalties may also apply.

PENALTIES
(1) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER.--If you fail
to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a payer, you are subject to a
penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to reasonable
cause and not to willful neglect.
(2) FAILURE TO REPORT CERTAIN DIVIDEND AND INTEREST PAYMENTS.--If you fail to
include any portion of an includible payment for interest, dividends, or
patronage dividends in gross income, such failure will be treated as being due
to negligence and will be subject to a penalty of 5% on any portion of an
under-payment attributable to that failure unless there is clear and convincing
evidence to the contrary.
(3) CIVIL PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO WITHHOLDING.--If you
make a false statement with no reasonable basis which results in no imposition
of backup withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.
(4) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION.--Falsifying certifications or
affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including fines and/or
imprisonment.

                  FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX
                  CONSULTANT OR THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE.

EX-99.(A)(1)(G)

f77751ex99-a1g.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(G)

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(G)

[Mentor Logo]

NOT FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

              MENTOR GRAPHICS OFFERS TO ACQUIRE IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.

         OFFERS $11.00 IN CASH PER SHARE FOR ALL OUTSTANDING IKOS SHARES

WILSONVILLE, OR -- December 7, 2001 -- Mentor Graphics Corporation (Nasdaq:
MENT) today announced that it is offering to acquire IKOS Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq:
IKOS) for $11.00 in cash per share of IKOS common stock. The offer represents a
premium of 37% over the Nasdaq closing price of IKOS stock on December 6, 2001
and a premium of 49.5% over IKOS' closing price on June 29, 2001, the last
trading day before IKOS announced its proposed acquisition by Synopsys, Inc.
(Nasdaq: SNPS). Furthermore, the offer represents a premium of 87% over the
average closing price of IKOS stock for the thirty trading days ended December
6, 2001.

"Our offer makes strategic sense for both companies," said Walden C. Rhines,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Mentor Graphics. "Our acquisition of
IKOS will add to Mentor's existing products a proven and complementary emulation
product line. IKOS products provide a mid-range verification solution to
customers desiring a lower price point solution. Acquiring IKOS will also
provide Mentor with North American sales and service capabilities in the
emulation arena that we will leverage across our entire product line.

"For IKOS, our all-cash offer is clearly superior to the present agreement with
Synopsys," continued Dr. Rhines. "The Synopsys proposal is subject to onerous
closing conditions that IKOS may well not be able to satisfy in the current
environment. It is also subject to an uncertain price payable no earlier than
August 2002. Our offer is for cash at a price significantly higher than the
present trading price and can be consummated quickly, more than seven months
earlier than the Synopsys proposal."

Mentor's offer is not subject to any financing condition, and the offer is
scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Tuesday, January
8, 2002, unless the offer is extended. Mentor beneficially owns 841,600 shares
or approximately 9.1% of IKOS' outstanding common stock. The Information Agent
for the offer is Mackenzie Partners, Inc.

The full text of the letter submitted to the Board of Directors of IKOS is
printed below.

                                       ***

                           Mentor Graphics Corporation
                              8005 SW Boeckman Rd.
                            Wilsonville, Oregon 97070

                                December 6, 2001

Board of Directors of IKOS Systems, Inc.
IKOS Systems, Inc.
79 Great Oaks Boulevard
San Jose, California  95119
c/o Ramon A. Nunez, President and Chief Executive Officer
c/o Gerald S. Casilli, Chairman of the Board of Directors

                       Offer to Acquire IKOS Systems, Inc.

Gentlemen:

        Mentor Graphics Corporation ("Mentor Graphics") offers to acquire IKOS
Systems, Inc. ("IKOS") at a price of $11.00 per share of IKOS common stock
payable in cash.

        Summary of Offer. Our offer, which is based on publicly-available
information and is not subject to any financing condition, represents a premium
of 37% over the Nasdaq closing price of IKOS' stock on December 6, 2001, and
49.5% over the Nasdaq closing price of IKOS' stock on June 29, 2001, the trading
day before the transaction with Synopsys, Inc. was announced. Furthermore, our
offer represents a premium of 87% over the average Nasdaq closing price of IKOS'
stock for the thirty trading days ended December 6, 2001. Our all-cash offer
will enable your stockholders to receive the entire premium immediately. This
will eliminate the significant risk to your stockholders with respect to the
future performance of your business, the EDA industry, the overall stock market
or the economy generally that exists under your proposed transaction with
Synopsys.

        Our offer is not subject to the onerous closing conditions contained in
your agreement with Synopsys -- conditions that IKOS may well not be able to
satisfy in the current environment. For example, at the revenue/backlog and
profit rates of your quarter ended September 30, 2001, it is questionable
whether Synopsys would even be required to close the transaction, much less pay
your stockholders more than the $6.00 per share minimum in August 2002. In
contrast, our offer is for $11.00 per share in cash seven months earlier in
January 2002.

        The acquisition consists of a first-step cash tender offer for all
outstanding shares of IKOS common stock, followed by a second-step merger in
which IKOS' remaining stockholders would receive the same cash price per share
paid in the tender offer.

        Background. As you are no doubt aware, Mentor Graphics approached IKOS
in April 2001 to indicate its interest in making an offer for Mentor Graphics to
acquire IKOS. On several subsequent occasions, Mentor Graphics indicated its
continued interest in acquiring IKOS to IKOS and IKOS' financial advisor.

        We were therefore disappointed that you chose not to contact us prior to
your acceptance of the Synopsys agreement -- an agreement which we believe your
stockholders will find inadequate. We believe that both your stockholders and
the investment community will welcome our superior all-cash offer -- an offer
which can be consummated very quickly. We further believe that the trading price
of IKOS' stock since the announcement of your agreement with Synopsys
demonstrates that your stockholders have serious reservations about a
transaction with Synopsys.

        Superiority of Mentor Graphics Offer. The superiority of the Mentor
Graphics offer is easily demonstrated:

- -----------------------------     --------------------------------------      --------------------------------------
Issue                             Synopsys Proposal                           Mentor Graphics Offer
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------------      --------------------------------------
Certainty of Closing              Highly conditional.  There is no            Minimal standard conditions for an
                                  certainty this transaction will ever        all-cash tender offer with no
                                  close, exposing IKOS' stockholders to       financing condition; no need to wait
                                  risk of termination for more than a         until late summer 2002 to find out
                                  year; Synopsys effectively has an           whether the transaction is actually
                                  "option" to acquire IKOS.  Based on         completed.
                                  an annualization of IKOS' most
                                  recent quarterly results, it is
                                  questionable whether Synopsys will
                                  have any obligation to close the
                                  transaction.
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------------      --------------------------------------
Price                             Unknown at this time, subject to a          $11.00 per share (in cash).  Our
                                  complicated formula; based on an            price is not subject to IKOS'
                                  annualization of IKOS' most recent          financial performance and represents
                                  quarterly results, IKOS stockholders        a premium of 49.5% over the Nasdaq
                                  may not even receive $6.00 per              closing price on June 29, 2001, 37% over
                                  share.                                      the Nasdaq closing price on December 6,
                                                                              2001, and 87% over the average Nasdaq
                                                                              closing price of IKOS' stock for the
                                                                              thirty trading days ended December 6,
                                                                              2001.
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------------      --------------------------------------
Payment of Consideration          In Synopsys stock in August 2002;           In cash promptly following
                                  subject to subsequent risk of               consummation of our tender offer; no
                                  Synopsys stock performance.                 risk as to stock performance and no
                                                                              financing condition.
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------------      --------------------------------------
Closing Date                      Estimated to occur in August 2002,          As early as 20 business days after
                                  over 12 months from announcement and        launch of tender offer; could be by
                                  at least eight months from now.  In         early-January 2002, seven months
                                  the Synopsys transaction IKOS is in         before the earliest anticipated
                                  an uncertain state of limbo for over        closing date for the Synopsys
                                  a year from the date of announcement.       transaction.
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------------      --------------------------------------

        Action by IKOS Board. Our offer is vastly superior to the agreement with
Synopsys. We are prepared to move expeditiously to consummate the offer. In
accordance with your fiduciary duties to IKOS' stockholders and pursuant to your
existing rights under Section 5.2 of your agreement with Synopsys, we expect you
to afford us prompt access to information concerning IKOS so that we can operate
on a level playing field with Synopsys. Following satisfactory completion of
confirmatory due diligence, we would expect to enter into definitive
documentation for the transaction and consummate the transaction as soon as
possible thereafter.

        We would strongly prefer to work with you toward the consummation of a
negotiated transaction that is in the best interests of your stockholders.
Accordingly, we stand ready to meet with you at the earliest possible time.
Please contact me to arrange a meeting.

                                        Very truly yours,

                                        /s/  Gregory K. Hinckley

                                        Mentor Graphics Corporation
                                        by Gregory K. Hinckley,
                                        President and Chief Operating Officer

                                       ***

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

Fresno Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics, has commenced
a tender offer for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of
IKOS Systems, Inc. ("IKOS"), including the associated preferred stock purchase
rights, at the price of $11.00 per share, net to the seller in cash, without
interest. The offer currently is scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York
City time, on Tuesday, January 8, 2001. Mentor Graphics may extend the offer
until the conditions to the offer, which are described in the Offer to Purchase
forming part of Mentor Graphic's tender offer statement, are satisfied. If the
offer is extended, Mentor Graphics will notify the depositary for the offer and
issue a press release announcing the extension on or before 9:00 a.m. New York
City time on the next business day following the date the offer was scheduled to
expire. The complete terms and conditions of the tender offer are contained in
the Offer to Purchase included in the tender offer statement to be filed today
by Mentor Graphics with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").
Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the tender offer
statement and other documents filed by Mentor Graphics with the SEC at the SEC's
website at http://www.sec.gov. The tender offer statement may also be obtained
by contacting MacKenzie Partners, Inc., the information agent for the offer, at
(800) 322-2885 (toll free) or at (212) 929-5500 (collect) or by email to:
proxy@mackenziepartners.com.

THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO PURCHASE NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN
OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES. THE TENDER OFFER WILL BE MADE ONLY THROUGH AN OFFER TO
PURCHASE AND RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE
STRONGLY ADVISED TO READ THE TENDER OFFER STATEMENT REGARDING THE TENDER OFFER
REFERRED TO IN THIS PRESS

RELEASE, WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE, BECAUSE IT WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT
INFORMATION.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The statements contained in this press release that are not statements of
historical fact, including without limitation, statements containing the words
"believes," "expects," and words of similar import, constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 that involve a number of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to
predict. Moreover, from time to time Mentor Graphics may issue other
forward-looking statements. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially
from what is expressed or forecast in forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to actual results differing materially from such
forward looking statements are discussed in greater detail in Mentor Graphics'
SEC filings. Mentor Graphics disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking
statements to reflect future events or revised expectations.

ABOUT MENTOR GRAPHICS

Mentor Graphics Corporation (Nasdaq: MENT) is a world leader in electronic
hardware and software design solutions, providing products, consulting services
and award-winning support for the world's most successful electronics and
semiconductor companies. Established in 1981, Mentor Graphics reported revenues
over the last 12 months of more than $600 million and employs approximately
3,000 people worldwide. Corporate headquarters are located at 8005 S.W. Boeckman
Road, Wilsonville, Oregon 97070-7777; Silicon Valley headquarters are located at
1001 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose, California 95131-2314. World Wide Web site:
www.mentor.com.

Mentor Graphics is a registered trademark of Mentor Graphics Corporation. All
other company or product names are the registered trademarks or trademarks of
their respective owners.

CONTACTS

Mentor Graphics Corporation
Ryerson Schwark
Tel:  503-685-1660

Abernathy MacGregor Group
Chuck Burgess
Jason Thompson
Tel:  212-371-5999

                                     * * *

EX-99.(A)(1)(H)

f77751ex99-a1h.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(H)

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(H)

THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO PURCHASE NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER
TO SELL SHARES. THE OFFER IS MADE SOLELY BY THE OFFER TO PURCHASE DATED DECEMBER
7, 2001 AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS
THERETO, AND IS BEING MADE TO ALL HOLDERS OF SHARES. PURCHASER IS NOT AWARE OF
ANY STATE WHERE THE MAKING OF THE OFFER IS PROHIBITED BY ADMINISTRATIVE OR
JUDICIAL ACTION PURSUANT TO ANY VALID STATE STATUTE. IF PURCHASER BECOMES AWARE
OF ANY VALID STATE STATUTE PROHIBITING THE MAKING OF THE OFFER OR THE ACCEPTANCE
OF SHARES PURSUANT THERETO, PURCHASER WILL MAKE A GOOD FAITH EFFORT TO COMPLY
WITH SUCH STATE STATUTE. IF, AFTER SUCH GOOD FAITH EFFORT, PURCHASER CANNOT
COMPLY WITH SUCH STATE STATUTE, THE OFFER WILL NOT BE MADE TO (NOR WILL TENDERS
BE ACCEPTED FROM OR ON BEHALF OF) THE HOLDERS OF SHARES IN SUCH STATE. IN ANY
JURISDICTION WHERE THE SECURITIES, BLUE SKY OR OTHER LAWS REQUIRE THE OFFER TO
BE MADE BY A LICENSED BROKER OR DEALER, THE OFFER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE ON
BEHALF OF PURCHASER BY ONE OR MORE REGISTERED BROKERS OR DEALERS LICENSED UNDER
THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.

                      Notice of Offer to Purchase for Cash
                     All Outstanding Shares of Common Stock
           (including the Associated Preferred Stock Purchase Rights)
                                       of
                               IKOS Systems, Inc.
                                       at
                          $11.00 Net Per Share in Cash
                                       by

                               Fresno Corporation
                          a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                           Mentor Graphics Corporation

        Fresno Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Purchaser") and a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation
("Mentor"), is offering to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock, par
value $.01 per share (the "Shares"), of IKOS Systems, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), including the associated preferred stock purchase
rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the Amended and Restated Rights
Agreement, dated January 22, 1999, between the Company and Bank Boston, N.A., as
amended (the "Rights Agreement"), at a price of $11.00 per Share, net to the
seller in cash, without interest (the "Offer Price"), upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase, dated December 7, 2001
(the "Offer to Purchase") and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, as
amended and supplemented from time to time, together constitute the "Offer").
Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to the Shares herein
include the associated

Rights, and all references to the Rights include the benefits that may inure to
the holders of the Rights pursuant to the Rights Agreement. Unless the Rights
are redeemed prior to the Expiration Date (as defined herein), holders of Shares
will be required to tender one associated Right for each Share tendered in order
to effect a valid tender of such Share. All capitalized terms used but not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Offer to
Purchase.

        THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
CITY TIME, ON JANUARY 7, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

        THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS (1) THERE BEING
VALIDLY TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME,
ON JANUARY 7, 2002, OR THE LATEST TIME AND DATE AT WHICH THE OFFER, IF EXTENDED
BY PURCHASER, SHALL EXPIRE (SUCH TIME BEING THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), A NUMBER OF
SHARES, INCLUDING THE ASSOCIATED RIGHTS, REPRESENTING, TOGETHER WITH THE SHARES
OWNED BY MENTOR, AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE TOTAL NUMBER OF OUTSTANDING SHARES
ON A FULLY DILUTED BASIS (THE "MINIMUM CONDITION"); (2) MENTOR BEING SATISFIED,
IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, THAT THE AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION
DATED JULY 2, 2001 AMONG THE COMPANY, SYNOPSYS, INC. AND OAK MERGER CORPORATION
(THE "SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT") HAS BEEN TERMINATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF
SUCH AGREEMENT AS IN EFFECT ON THE DATE OF THE OFFER TO PURCHASE OR SUCH OTHER
TERMS AS MAY BE SATISFACTORY TO MENTOR IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION (THE "SYNOPSYS
AGREEMENT CONDITION"); (3) THE TERMINATION FEE PROVISION IN THE SYNOPSYS
AGREEMENT HAVING BEEN INVALIDATED OR THE OBLIGATIONS TO PAY ANY AMOUNTS PURSUANT
TO SUCH PROVISION HAVING BEEN TERMINATED, WITHOUT ANY TERMINATION FEE, OR ANY
PORTION THEREOF, HAVING BEEN PAID BY THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES
PURSUANT TO THE SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT (THE "TERMINATION CONDITION"); (4) THE RIGHTS
HAVING BEEN REDEEMED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE TERMS OF SUCH RIGHTS AS IN EFFECT AT SUCH TIME OR MENTOR BEING SATISFIED, IN
ITS SOLE DISCRETION, THAT THE RIGHTS HAVE BEEN INVALIDATED OR ARE OTHERWISE
INAPPLICABLE TO THE OFFER AND THE PROPOSED MERGER (THE "RIGHTS CONDITION"); (5)
MENTOR BEING SATISFIED, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, THAT THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION
203 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW (THE "DGCL") DO NOT APPLY TO OR
OTHERWISE RESTRICT MENTOR'S OFFER AND THE PROPOSED MERGER (THE "SECTION 203
CONDITION"); (6) THE COMPANY'S STOCKHOLDERS NOT HAVING APPROVED THE SYNOPSYS
AGREEMENT (THE "APPROVAL CONDITION"); (7) THE COMPANY NOT HAVING ENTERED INTO OR
EFFECTUATED ANY AGREEMENT OR TRANSACTION WITH ANY PERSON OR

ENTITY HAVING THE EFFECT OF IMPAIRING PURCHASER'S ABILITY TO ACQUIRE THE COMPANY
OR OTHERWISE DIMINISHING THE EXPECTED ECONOMIC VALUE TO MENTOR OF THE
ACQUISITION OF THE COMPANY (THE "IMPAIRMENT CONDITION"); AND (8) ANY WAITING
PERIODS UNDER APPLICABLE ANTITRUST LAWS HAVING EXPIRED OR BEEN TERMINATED.

        Any or all of the conditions set forth in (1)-(8) above may be waived by
Purchaser in its sole discretion. The Offer is not conditioned on Purchaser
obtaining financing.

        The purpose of the Offer is to enable Mentor to acquire control of, and
the entire equity interest in, the Company. Mentor currently intends, as soon as
practicable following consummation of the Offer, to seek to have Purchaser
consummate a merger with and into the Company (the "Proposed Merger"), with the
Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Mentor. Pursuant to the Proposed Merger, at the effective time of the Proposed
Merger, each then remaining Share outstanding (other than Shares owned by
Mentor, Purchaser or other subsidiaries of Mentor, all of which will be
cancelled, and other than Shares that are held by stockholders, if any, who
properly exercise their appraisal rights under the DGCL) would be converted into
the right to receive $11.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, without
interest.

        For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser shall be deemed to have accepted
for payment tendered Shares when, as and if Purchaser gives oral or written
notice of its acceptance to Wilmington Trust Company (the "Depositary").
Purchaser will pay for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer by
depositing the purchase price with the Depositary. The Depositary will act as
agent for all tendering stockholders for the purpose of receiving payments from
Purchaser and transmitting such payments to tendering stockholders whose Shares
have been accepted for payment. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON
THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER, REGARDLESS OF ANY DELAY IN
MAKING SUCH PAYMENT. In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for
payment pursuant to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the
Depositary of (1) certificates for such Shares, and, if applicable, Rights or
timely confirmation of a book-entry transfer of such Shares and, if applicable,
Rights into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, (2) a
properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal and (3) any other
required documents. Accordingly, payment may be made to tendering stockholders
at different times if delivery of the Shares and other required documents occurs
at different times.

        Purchaser does not currently intend to include a subsequent offering
period in the Offer, although it reserves the right to do so in its sole
discretion. Under Exchange Act Rule 14d-7, no withdrawal rights apply to Shares
and Rights tendered during a subsequent Offering period and no withdrawal rights
apply during the subsequent Offering period with respect to Shares and Rights
tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. Purchaser will pay the same
consideration to stockholders tendering Shares in the Offer or in a subsequent
Offering period, if it includes one.

        Tendering stockholders may withdraw tenders of Shares made pursuant to
the Offer at any time prior to the Expiration Date. Thereafter, such tenders are
irrevocable, except that they may be withdrawn after February 4, 2002 unless
such Shares are accepted for payment as provided in the Offer to Purchase. A
withdrawal of Shares will also constitute a withdrawal of the associated Rights.
If Purchaser extends the period of time during which the Offer is open, is
delayed in accepting for payment or paying for Shares pursuant to the Offer for
any reason, or is unable to accept Shares for payment pursuant to the Offer for
any reason, then, without prejudice to Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the
Depositary may, on Purchaser's behalf, retain all Shares tendered, and such
Shares may not be withdrawn except as otherwise provided in the Offer to
Purchase.

        To withdraw tendered Shares, a written or facsimile transmission notice
of withdrawal with respect to the Shares must be timely received by the
Depositary at one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to
Purchase, and the notice of withdrawal must specify the name of the person who
tendered the Shares to be withdrawn and the number of Shares to be withdrawn and
the name of the registered holder of Shares, if different from that of the
person who tendered such Shares. If the Shares to be withdrawn have been
delivered to the Depositary, a signed notice of withdrawal with (except in the
case of Shares tendered by an Eligible Institution) signatures guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution must be submitted prior to the release of such Shares. In
addition, such notice must specify, in the case of Shares tendered by delivery
of certificates, the name of the registered holder (if different from that of
the tendering stockholder) and the serial numbers shown on the particular
certificates evidencing the Shares to be withdrawn or, in the case of Shares
tendered by book-entry transfer, the name and number of the account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares.
Withdrawals may not be rescinded, and Shares withdrawn will thereafter be deemed
not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be
re-tendered by again following one of the procedures described in "The
Offer--Procedures for Tendering Shares and Rights" of the Offer to Purchase at
any time prior to the Expiration Date.

        Purchaser will determine, in its sole discretion, all questions as to
the form and validity (including time of receipt) of any notice of withdrawal,
and its determination shall be final and binding. None of Purchaser, the
Depositary, the Information Agent or any other person will be under any duty to
give notification of any defect or irregularity in any notice of withdrawal or
waiver of any such defect or irregularity or incur any liability for failure to
give any such notification.

        Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 14d-5 and Section 220 of the DGCL,
requests are being made to the Company for the use of the Company's stockholder
lists and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer
to holders of Shares. Upon compliance by the Company with such requests, the
Offer to Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal will be mailed to record holders
of Shares and will be furnished to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust
companies and similar persons whose names, or the names of whose nominees,
appear on the stockholder lists for subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners
of Shares.

        The information required to be disclosed by Exchange Act Rule
14d-6(d)(1) is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is incorporated herein by
reference.

        THE OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION WHICH SHOULD BE READ BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE WITH
RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

        Questions and requests for assistance or for copies of the Offer to
Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal, and other Offer materials, may
be directed to the Information Agent as set forth below, and copies will be
furnished promptly at Purchaser's expense. No fees or commissions will be paid
to brokers, dealers or other persons (other than the Information Agent) for
soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer.

                     THE INFORMATION AGENT FOR THE OFFER IS:

                                [Mackenzie Logo]

                                156 Fifth Avenue
                            New York, New York 10010
                          (212) 929-5500 (call collect)
                       E-mail: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
                               ---------------------------
                                       or
                          Call Toll-Free (800) 322-2885

                                December 7, 2001

EX-99.(A)(1)(I)

f77751ex99-a1i.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(I)

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(I)

                       IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                          FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION                         )
and FRESNO CORPORATION,                             )
                                                    )
                           Plaintiffs,              )
                                                    )           No.01-809
         v.                                         )              -------------
                                                    )
IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.,                                 )
                                                    )
                           Defendant.               )

                                    COMPLAINT

         Plaintiffs Mentor Graphics Corporation ("Mentor Graphics") and Fresno
Corporation ("Purchaser," and together with Mentor Graphics, "Mentor") file this
action seeking declaratory relief arising out of Purchaser's offer to purchase
shares of common stock of defendant IKOS Systems, Inc. ("IKOS" or the
"Company").

                             JURISDICTION AND VENUE

         1. This Court has jurisdiction over this action pursuant to 15 U.S.C.
Section 78aa, 28 U.S.C. Section 1331(a) and 28 U.S.C. Section 1337(a).

         2. Venue in this Court is proper pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 78aa and
28 U.S.C. Section 1391(b).

                                   THE PARTIES

         3. Plaintiff Mentor Graphics is a corporation incorporated under the
laws of the State of Oregon having its principal executive offices in
Wilsonville, Oregon. Mentor Graphics manufactures, markets and supports software
and hardware Electronic Design Automation ("EDA") products and provides related
services which enable engineers to design, analyze, simulate, model, implement
and verify the components of electronic systems. Purchaser, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Mentor Graphics and a Delaware corporation, was formed to acquire
all of the outstanding shares

of IKOS through the tender offer and merger proposal described below. Mentor
Graphics is the beneficial owner of more than 9.1 percent of the outstanding
shares of IKOS common stock and Purchaser is the record owner of 100 shares of
IKOS common stock.

         4. Defendant IKOS is a corporation incorporated under the laws of the
State of Delaware having its principal executive offices in San Jose,
California. IKOS develops, manufactures, markets and supports acceleration and
verification systems for the verification of integrated circuits.

         5. The common stock of IKOS is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), 15 U.S.C. Section
78l(b), and is listed and traded on the Nasdaq National Market.

                                THE TENDER OFFER

         6. Purchaser commenced today a non-coercive, non-discriminatory,
all-cash, all-shares tender offer not subject to any financing condition for the
outstanding shares of IKOS common stock (the "Shares") that are not already
owned by Mentor Graphics or Purchaser (the "Tender Offer"). In connection with
the commencement of the Tender Offer, Mentor Graphics issued today a press
release summarizing the terms of the Tender Offer (the "Press Release"), and a
summary advertisement of the Tender Offer was published in the December 7, 2001,
national edition of The Wall Street Journal (the "Summary Advertisement").

         7. IKOS stockholders whose shares are purchased by Purchaser in the
Tender Offer will receive $11.00 per share in cash, representing a 37% premium
above the closing price of IKOS stock on the Nasdaq National Market on December
6, 2001, the last full trading day before the first public announcement of
Mentor Graphics' commencement of the Tender Offer. Furthermore, the Tender Offer
represents a premium of 87% over the average closing price of IKOS stock for the
thirty trading days ended December 6, 2001. The Tender Offer is conditioned
upon, among other things,

                                       -2-

(i) there being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration date
of the Tender Offer a number of Shares, including the associated rights (the
"Rights"), representing, together with the Shares owned by Mentor, at least a
majority of the total number of the outstanding Shares on a fully diluted basis
(the "Minimum Condition"); (ii) Mentor being satisfied, in its sole discretion,
that the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated July 2, 2001,
among IKOS, Synopsys, Inc. ("Synopsys") and Oak Merger Corporation (the
"Synposys Agreement") has been terminated in accordance with the terms of such
agreement as in effect on the date of the Tender Offer or such other terms as
may be satisfactory to Mentor in its sole discretion (the "Synposys Agreement
Condition"); (iii) the Rights having been redeemed by the board of directors of
IKOS in accordance with the terms of such Rights as in effect at such time or
Mentor being satisfied, in its sole discretion, that the Rights have been
invalidated or are otherwise inapplicable to the Tender Offer and Proposed
Merger, as defined herein (the "Rights Condition"); (iv) Mentor being satisfied,
in its sole discretion, that the provisions of Section 203 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL") do not apply to or
otherwise restrict the Tender Offer and the Proposed Merger (the "Section 203
Condition"); (v) the stockholders of IKOS not having approved the Synposys
Agreement (the "Approval Condition"); (vi) IKOS not having entered or
effectuated any agreement or transaction with any person or entity having the
effect of impairing Mentor's ability to acquire IKOS or otherwise diminishing
the expected economic value to Mentor of the acquisition of IKOS (the
"Impairment Condition"); (vii) the termination fee provision in the Synposys
Agreement having been invalidated or the obligations to pay any amounts pursuant
to such provision having been terminated, without any termination fee, or any
portion thereof, having been paid by IKOS or any of its affiliates pursuant to
the Synposys Agreement or otherwise (the "Termination Condition") and (viii) any
waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws having expired or been
terminated.

                                       -3-

         8. The Tender Offer is the initial step in a two-step transaction
pursuant to which Mentor Graphics proposes to acquire all of the outstanding
shares of IKOS stock. If successful, the Tender Offer will be followed by a
merger or similar business combination with Purchaser or a direct or indirect
subsidiary of Mentor Graphics (the "Proposed Merger," and together with the
Tender Offer, the "Proposed Acquisition"). Pursuant to the Proposed Merger, each
then outstanding share of IKOS (other than shares owned by Mentor Graphics or
any of its subsidiaries or shares held in the treasury of IKOS) would be
converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the price paid in
the Tender Offer.

         9. In January 1999, the Board of Directors of IKOS adopted a
stockholder rights plan (the "Rights Plan"), commonly known as a "poison pill,"
which is designed to thwart any acquisition of IKOS that does not have the
approval of the IKOS Board. The Rights Plan provides the IKOS Board with the
power to prevent summarily the consummation of even an all-cash, all-shares,
non- coercive, non-discriminatory tender offer by imposing a severe economic
penalty (in the form of massive dilution) on a potential acquiror. The Rights
Plan was adopted without approval of IKOS stockholders and, if it remains in
effect and applicable to the Tender Offer, it will restrict the right of IKOS
stockholders to decide whether to accept Purchaser's premium offer for their
shares.

         10. Moreover, the IKOS Board may be able to prevent Mentor Graphics
from consummating the Proposed Merger for at least three years unless the Board
exempts the Tender Offer from restrictions imposed by Section 203, Delaware's
Business Combination Statute. Section 203, which applies to any Delaware
corporation that has not opted out of its coverage, provides that if a person
acquires 15% or more of a corporation's voting stock (thereby becoming an
"interested stockholder"), such interested stockholder may not engage in a
"business combination" with the corporation (defined to include a merger or
consolidation) for three years after becoming an interested stockholder, unless:
(i) prior to the 15% acquisition, the board of directors has approved

                                       -4-

either the acquisition resulting in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder or the business combination; (ii) the interested stockholder
acquires 85% of the corporation's voting stock in the same transaction in which
it crosses the 15% threshold; or (iii) on or subsequent to the date of the 15%
acquisition, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and
authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders (and not by
written consent) by the affirmative vote of at least 662/3% of the outstanding
voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. IKOS is subject
to Section 203 and has chosen not to opt-out of the statute's coverage.

         11. The Tender Offer is, and will continue to be, in full compliance
with all applicable federal laws and regulations governing tender offers, i.e.,
the provisions of the Williams Act, embodied in Sections 14(d) and 14(e) of the
Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. Sections 78n(d) and (e), and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder by the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC"). In accordance with the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder by the SEC, Purchaser commenced the Tender Offer by the
publication of the Summary Advertisement in today's Wall Street Journal. In
connection with the Tender Offer and in accordance with the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC, Purchaser is filing
today a Schedule TO with the SEC (the "Schedule TO") pursuant to Section
14(d)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14d-3 promulgated thereunder, 17 C.F.R.
Section 240.14d-3.

         12. Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. Section 78n(d), and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by the SEC, require that any
person or entity making a tender offer for beneficial ownership of more than
five percent of a class of registered equity securities file and disclose
certain specified information with respect to the tender offer. Any such bidder
must disclose, among other things, its identity and background, past contacts,
transactions or negotiations between the bidder and the company in whom the
bidder seeks to acquire stock, the source and

                                       -5-

amount of funds needed for the tender offer, and any plans the bidder may have
to change the capitalization, corporate structure or business of the company
whose stock it seeks to acquire.

         13. In addition, Section 14(e) of the Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. Section
78n(e), makes it "unlawful for any person to make any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statement made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading, or to engage in any fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative acts or
practice in connection with any tender offer." Purchaser has complied fully with
the Exchange Act and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

         14. In connection with the Tender Offer, Purchaser is in the process of
disseminating to IKOS stockholders an offer to purchase containing all material
information required by applicable law to be disclosed (the "Offer to
Purchase"). Among other matters, the Offer to Purchase discloses:

              a. the background to the Tender Offer;

              b. publicly available information relating to the Company; and

              c. that depending upon the Company's response to the Tender Offer,
in connection with the Tender Offer and Proposed Merger, Purchaser may solicit
proxies to call a special meeting of the Company's stockholders to consider the
removal of the Company's current directors and election of directors nominated
by Purchaser. Purchaser may also solicit proxies with respect to such matters
and with respect to the Synposys Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereunder.

         15. Despite the significant benefits of the Tender Offer for the IKOS
stockholders, IKOS has given no indication that it will give the Tender Offer
fair consideration. IKOS' efforts will, in all likelihood, also include the
commencement of baseless litigation against plaintiffs under the provisions of
the federal securities laws regulating the solicitation of agency designations,
the solicitation of proxies, tender offers and acquisition efforts.

                                       -6-

                         BACKGROUND TO THE TENDER OFFER

         16. On May 10, 2000, at IKOS' request, Ramon Nunez, Chief Executive
Officer of IKOS, and Larry Melling, Vice President of Business Development and
Strategic Marketing of IKOS, met with Gregory Hinckley, who is now the President
and Chief Operating Officer of Mentor Graphics, in San Jose, California, to
discuss the possibility of Mentor Graphics acquiring IKOS. They agreed to
discuss the matter further at the Design Automation Conference in June 2000.

         17. On June 7, 2000, at the Design Automation Conference in Los
Angeles, California, Dr. Walden Rhines, who is now the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hinckley and other representatives of
Mentor Graphics had conversations with Mr. Nunez and Robert Hum, Senior Vice
President of Product Operations of IKOS, regarding the differences between
Mentor Graphics' and IKOS' emulation products and the production costs of such
products, in the context of a potential acquisition of IKOS by Mentor Graphics.
The parties agreed to discuss this matter further in the future.

         18. Following the June 7, 2000 meeting, an independent technology
consultant to Mentor Graphics met with a representative of IKOS at IKOS'
principal offices in San Jose, California to evaluate IKOS' emulation products.
To provide a context for further detailed discussions, Mentor Graphics and IKOS
entered into a confidentiality and standstill agreement on June 16, 2000 (the
"Confidentiality Agreement"). Pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreement, Mentor
Graphics agreed, among other things, that it would not for a period of six
months from the date of the Confidentiality Agreement acquire any securities of
IKOS, engage in an extraordinary business transaction with IKOS, or engage in
soliciting proxies from IKOS stockholders without prior approval of the IKOS
board of directors (the "Standstill Provision"). The Standstill Provision, by
its own terms, expired in December 2000.

                                       -7-

         19. In late June 2000, Mr. Nunez contacted Mr. Hinckley to discuss a
potential future meeting between representatives of Mentor Graphics and IKOS.
Subsequently, Mr. Nunez stated that he wished to schedule a meeting with Mentor
Graphics in July 2000.

         20. On July 6, 2000, Dr. Rhines, Mr. Hinckley, Mr. Weldon and other
representatives of Mentor Graphics met with Mr. Nunez, Mr. Hum and Mr. Melling,
in Paris, France to discuss the operations of the companies' businesses, the
integration of the companies' product lines and the joint marketing of the
companies' products, in the event that Mentor Graphics acquired IKOS. During
this meeting, Mr. Hinckley informed Mr. Nunez that, before Mentor Graphics could
reach any decision on its desire to acquire IKOS, Mentor Graphics needed to hire
a general manager for its emulation division and allow the new manager
sufficient time to evaluate the needs of the emulation division. Mentor
Graphics' emulation division is Mentor Graphics' business that most closely
complements IKOS' business.

         21. After subsequent internal meetings at Mentor Graphics and in light
of his earlier comments concerning the hiring of a general manager for Mentor
Graphics' emulation division, Mr. Hinckley in separate telephone conversations
confirmed to Mr. Nunez and Mr. Melling that Mentor Graphics would not be able to
continue discussions until a new general manager, who had not yet been hired,
completed an evaluation of Mentor Graphics' emulation division. Mr. Nunez
responded that IKOS would continue the process of exploring a business
combination with other parties. As a result, these discussions ended on July 27,
2000 without reaching any agreement concerning an acquisition of IKOS by Mentor
Graphics. Although the discussions regarding an acquisition of IKOS by Mentor
Graphics ended on July 27, 2000, Mentor Graphics and IKOS agreed to hold
discussions regarding other types of business relationships.

         22. On August 3, 2000, Mr. Nunez and Joseph Rockom, Chief Financial
Officer, Vice President of Finance and Administration and Secretary of IKOS, and
Mr. Weldon discussed

                                       -8-

the possibility of an original equipment manufacturing agreement. These
discussions ended without reaching any agreement, and there were no further such
discussions concerning other types of business relationships.

         23. On November 9, 2000, Mr. Hinckley met Mr. Nunez and Gerald Casilli,
Chairman of the Board of Directors of IKOS, to discuss the possibility of an
introductory meeting between IKOS and Eric Selosse, whom Mentor Graphics had
hired in October 2000 to be the general manager of Mentor Graphics' emulation
division. On December 5, 2000, Mr. Selosse met with Mr. Nunez and another
representative of IKOS and held a general discussion concerning the emulation
industry and IKOS' product lines as well as the possible acquisition of IKOS by
Mentor Graphics. These discussions ended without any agreement regarding an
acquisition of IKOS by Mentor Graphics.

         24. On April 13, 2001, Mr. Weldon contacted Mr. Nunez to request a
meeting to discuss a possible acquisition of IKOS by Mentor Graphics. On April
17, 2001, Mr. Selosse met with Mr. Nunez to discuss a possible acquisition of
IKOS by Mentor Graphics. Mr. Weldon attended by telephone. While Mr. Nunez
expressed interest in a possible acquisition, he stated that IKOS had engaged
Needham & Company as IKOS' financial advisor as a result of having received
expressions of interest from other companies. Mr. Weldon told Mr. Nunez that
Mentor Graphics would contact IKOS within approximately two weeks.

         25. During April 2001, Mr. Rockom left a voice mail message for Dean
Freed, vice president, general counsel and secretary of Mentor Graphics,
inquiring about the possibility of a new confidentiality and standstill
agreement that would pertain to the April 2001 discussions regarding a potential
acquisition of IKOS by Mentor Graphics. Mr. Rockom also called Mr. Weldon
concerning the possibility of entering into a new confidentiality and standstill
agreement. Although no new confidentiality and standstill agreement had been
entered into, Mr. Rockom nevertheless

                                       -9-

volunteered to furnish Mr. Weldon with certain of IKOS' projections. Shortly
thereafter, Mr. Rockom emailed Mr. Weldon projections prepared by IKOS for the
third and fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 and 2002. After reviewing the
projections, Mentor Graphics concluded that such projections were overly
optimistic and therefore did not rely on them with respect to making any
decisions regarding IKOS. Also during April 2001, to provide a basis for
discussions regarding any new confidentiality and standstill agreement, Mr.
Freed faxed the June 16, 2000 confidentiality agreement to Mr. Rockom. In a
voice mail message and telephone conversation, Jan Robertson of Needham &
Company ("Needham") informed Mr. Freed that the June 16, 2000 Confidentiality
Agreement would not be acceptable to cover the contemporaneous discussions in
light of IKOS' need for, among other things, new standstill and nonsolicitation
periods. No new confidentiality and standstill agreement was entered into
between IKOS and Mentor Graphics.

         26. In a voice mail message on April 26, 2001, Ms. Robertson stated
that since IKOS had received multiple expressions of interest, IKOS was
commencing a bid procedure with bids due on May 4, 2001. The demand that Mentor
Graphics immediately deliver its proposal in connection with the purported
"auction" process was the first in a series of defensive measures culminating in
the Merger Agreement. In response, Mr. Weldon called Chad Keck, a managing
director of Needham & Company, and left a voice mail message asking Mr. Keck to
return his call. Mr. Keck called Mr. Weldon on April 29, 2001. In their
conversation, Mr. Weldon told Mr. Keck that Mentor Graphics was very interested
in negotiating an acquisition of IKOS, but would not participate in a blind
bidding process.

         27. Given that the Merger Agreement with Synposys was not executed
until early July 2001, IKOS had no basis to impose an artificial deadline for
the auction of May 4, 2001 and thereafter exclude Mentor Graphics from any
negotiations regarding an acquisition proposal for

                                      -10-

IKOS. These actions by the IKOS Directors have denied and are continuing to deny
IKOS stockholders the opportunity to receive the benefits of a Mentor merger
proposal.

         28. Indeed, IKOS blatantly ignored repeated expressions of interest by
Mentor Graphics in pursuing a negotiated acquisition after IKOS' self-imposed
May 4, 2001, deadline. In May 2001, Bruce Alexander, a managing director of
Needham called Mr. Hinckley. In a telephone conversation with Mr. Alexander, Mr.
Hinckley expressed Mentor Graphics' continued interest in pursuing a negotiated
acquisition with IKOS. In a meeting among Dr. Rhines, Mr. Hinckley, Mr. Weldon
and Mr. Alexander on June 5, 2001, Mr. Hinckley informed Mr. Alexander that
Mentor Graphics remained very interested in acquiring IKOS. Later in June 2001,
Mr. Alexander called Mr. Hinckley, and Mr. Hinckley expressed Mentor Graphics'
continued interest in acquiring IKOS.

         29. None of Mr. Hinckley's expressions of interest in May and June 2001
in acquiring IKOS resulted in any response from IKOS. Instead, IKOS continued
ahead with its negotiations with Synopsys.

         30. On July 2, 2001, IKOS announced the signing of the Synposys
Agreement. Also on July 2, 2001, IKOS announced that it was revising its own
outlook for performance downward for the very periods covered by the projections
given to Mentor Graphics. This July 2, 2001 press release stated that "We expect
that these customer and economic issues will continue to limit our visibility
and impact our results for the fourth fiscal quarter."

         31. Plaintiffs did not begin to purchase or sell any IKOS securities
until July 11, 2001. By July 11, 2001, the projections provided to Mentor
Graphics in April 2001 were immaterial, unreliable, stale and worthless,
especially in light of IKOS' July 2, 2001 announcement revising its outlook.
Further, any information provided by IKOS during 2000 to Mentor Graphics had
become immaterial, unreliable and stale as well.

                                      -11-

                           THE MENTOR MERGER PROPOSAL

         32. On December 6, 2001, Mentor Graphics provided a letter to the IKOS
Directors summarizing the Proposed Acquisition.

         33. The Proposed Acquisition contemplates the immediate acquisition of
IKOS by Mentor Graphics at a price of $11.00 per share of IKOS common stock
payable in cash. This acquisition would be accomplished by the first-step cash
Tender Offer for all outstanding shares of IKOS common stock, followed by a
second-step merger in which the remaining stockholders of IKOS would receive the
same cash price per share paid in the Tender Offer. The Proposed Acquisition,
which is based on publicly-available information and is not subject to any
financing contingency, represents a premium of 37% over the closing price of
IKOS shares, on December 6, 2001, and 49.5% over the closing price of IKOS'
stock on June 29, 2001, the day before the transaction with Synposys was
announced. The Proposed Acquisition also represents a premium of 87% over the
average closing price of IKOS stock for the thirty trading days ended December
6, 2001.

         34. Also on December 7, 2001, pursuant to Rule 13d-2 Mentor Graphics
filed with the SEC a Schedule 13D (the "Schedule 13D") relating to the
beneficial ownership of IKOS common stock. The Schedule 13D incorporates the
information contained in the Offer to Purchase and discloses, among other
things, (i) the identity and background of Mentor Graphics and Purchaser, (ii)
the source and amount funds used in the purchases of IKOS common stock by Mentor
Graphics, (iii) the number of shares of IKOS common stock beneficially owned by
Mentor Graphics, (iv) the number of and amount of purchases of IKOS common stock
by Mentor Graphics during the previous 60 days, and (v) any contracts,
arrangements, understandings or relationships between Mentor and IKOS with
respect to the securities of IKOS, specifically the Confidentiality Agreement.

                                      -12-

         35. The Schedule 13D also discloses that depending upon the Company's
response to the Tender Offer, in connection with the Tender Offer and Proposed
Merger, Purchaser may solicit proxies to call a special meeting of the Company's
stockholders to consider the removal of the Company's current directors and the
election of directors nominated by Purchaser. The Schedule 13D also discloses
that Purchaser may also solicit proxies with respect to such matters and with
respect to the Synopsys Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder.

         36. Mentor Graphics believes that any determinations by IKOS that
Mentor Graphics and Purchaser have not complied with any applicable federal
securities laws, rules and regulations would lack a good faith basis.

                                     COUNT I
                               DECLARATORY RELIEF

         37. Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

         38. The Declaratory Judgment Act, 28 U.S.C. Section 2201, provides that
"[i]n a case of actual controversy within its jurisdiction, . . . any court of
the United States, upon the filing of an appropriate pleading, may declare the
rights and other legal relations of any interested party seeking such
declaration." Plaintiffs are entitled to a declaratory judgment that the
Schedule TO and all exhibits thereto are proper and comply with all applicable
securities laws, rules and regulations.

         39. Although the Proposed Acquisition is fairly and attractively
priced, Plaintiffs reasonably expect that IKOS will thwart or delay plaintiffs'
lawful attempts to consummate the Tender Offer. Plaintiffs believe IKOS will
seek to delay and defeat the Tender Offer through efforts including the filing
of a meritless suit claiming that public disclosures and filings made by
plaintiffs in conjunction with the Tender Offer violate applicable federal
securities laws and regulations.

                                      -13-

Thus, there is a substantial controversy between parties having adverse
interests which is of sufficient immediacy and reality to warrant the issuance
of a declaratory judgment.

         40. In the absence of declaratory relief, plaintiffs will suffer
irreparable harm. As evidenced by the course of action that IKOS has pursued to
date and the actions taken generally by companies that receive unsolicited
acquisition proposals, IKOS will likely defend against the Proposed Acquisition
by, among other things, filing false claims designed to delay or defeat the
Proposed Acquisition. A declaratory judgment that the disclosures in the
Schedule TO, the Offer to Purchase and the Tender Offer comply with all
applicable federal laws will serve the purpose of adjudicating the interests of
the parties, resolving any complaints concerning the propriety of the Tender
Offer under federal law, and permitting an otherwise lawful transaction to
proceed.

         41. Plaintiffs therefore request pursuant to the Declaratory Judgment
Act, 28 U.S.C. Sections 2201 and 2202, that this Court enter a declaratory
judgment that plaintiffs have disclosed all information required by, and are
otherwise in all respects in compliance with, all applicable laws and other
obligations, including, without limitation, Sections 14(a), 14(d) and 14(e) of
the Exchange Act and any other federal securities laws, rules or regulations
deemed or claimed to be applicable to the Schedule TO, the Offer to Purchase or
the Tender Offer.

                                    COUNT II
                               DECLARATORY RELIEF

         42. Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

         43. Mentor Graphics was not provided with any material, non-public
information of IKOS during its discussions with IKOS in June and July 2000. In
addition, the financial projections of IKOS that were provided to Mentor
Graphics in April 2001 were rendered immaterial, unreliable, stale and worthless
when IKOS stated publicly in July 2001 that it was revising its outlook.

                                      -14-

Specifically, on July 2, 2001, IKOS announced that it was revising its own
outlook for performance downward for the very periods covered by the projections
given to Mentor Graphics. This July 2, 2001 press release stated that "We expect
that these customer and economic issues will continue to limit our visibility
and impact our results for the fourth fiscal quarter."

         44. Plaintiffs did not begin to purchase or sell any IKOS securities
until July 11, 2001. By July 11, 2001, the projections provided to Mentor
Graphics in April 2001 were immaterial, unreliable, stale and worthless,
especially in light of IKOS' July 2, 2001 announcement revising its outlook.
Further, any information provided by IKOS during 2000 to Mentor Graphics had
become immaterial, unreliable, stale as well. Accordingly, any purchases of IKOS
securities by Mentor Graphics since July 11, 2001, leading up to the Tender
Offer and Proposed Merger were not in violation of any federal securities laws,
rules or regulations.

         45. Plaintiffs therefore request pursuant to the Declaratory Judgment
Act, 28 U.S.C. Sections 2201 and 2202, that this Court enter a declaratory
judgment that any purchases of IKOS securities by Mentor Graphics since July 11,
2001, leading up to the Tender Offer and Proposed Merger were not in violation
of any federal securities laws, rules or regulations.

                                    COUNT III
                               DECLARATORY RELIEF

         46. Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

         47. Mentor Graphics was not provided with any material, non-public
information of IKOS during its discussions with IKOS in June and July 2000. In
addition, the financial projections of IKOS that were provided to Mentor
Graphics in April 2001 were rendered immaterial, unreliable, stale and worthless
when IKOS stated publicly in July 2001 that it was revising its outlook.
Specifically, on July 2, 2001, IKOS announced that it was revising its own
outlook for performance

                                      -15-

downward for the very periods covered by the projections given to Mentor
Graphics. This July 2, 2001 press release stated that "We expect that these
customer and economic issues will continue to limit our visibility and impact
our results for the fourth fiscal quarter."

         48. Hence, neither the actions taken by plaintiffs to date, nor the
actions that plaintiffs will take in connection with any purchases of IKOS
securities in conjunction with the Tender Offer and Proposed Merger are or will
be in violation of any federal securities laws, rules or regulations.

         49. Plaintiffs therefore request pursuant to the Declaratory Judgment
Act, 28 U.S.C. Sections 2201 and 2202, that this Court enter a declaratory
judgment that any purchases of IKOS securities made in conjunction with the
Tender Offer and Proposed Merger are not and will not be hereafter in violation
of any federal securities laws, rules or regulations.

                                      -16-

                                    COUNT IV
                               DECLARATORY RELIEF

         50. Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

         51. On December 7, 2001, Mentor Graphics filed the Schedule 13D. The
Schedule 13D attaches as an exhibit the Offer to Purchase and incorporates the
disclosures contained in the Offer to Purchase. In addition, the Schedule 13D
discloses, among other things, (i) the identity and background of Mentor
Graphics and Purchaser, (ii) the source and amount funds used in the purchases
of IKOS common stock by Mentor Graphics, (iii) the number of shares of IKOS
common stock beneficially owned by Mentor Graphics, (iv) the number of and
amount of purchases of IKOS common stock by Mentor Graphics during the previous
60 days, (v) any contracts, arrangements, understandings or relationships
between Mentor and IKOS with respect to the securities of IKOS, including
specifically the Confidentiality Agreement, and (vi) that Mentor Graphics and
Purchaser may solicit stockholders of the Company to request the Company to call
a special meeting of its stockholders to consider, among other things, the
removal of the Company's current directors and election of directors nominated
by Mentor Graphics.

         52. In the Schedule 13D Mentor Graphics disclosed all information
required by, and is otherwise in all respects in compliance with, all applicable
federal securities laws, rules or regulations which may be deemed or claimed to
be applicable to Schedule 13D.

         53. Mentor Graphics therefore requests pursuant to the Declaratory
Judgment Act, 28 U.S.C. Sections 2201 and 2202, that this Court enter a
declaratory judgment that in the Schedule 13D Mentor Graphics has disclosed all
information required by, and is otherwise in all respects in compliance with,
all applicable federal securities laws, rules or regulations deemed or claimed
to be applicable to the Schedule 13D.

                                      -17-

         WHEREFORE, Plaintiffs respectfully request that this Court:

                  a. declare that plaintiffs have disclosed all information
required by, and are otherwise in all respects in compliance with, all
applicable laws and other obligations, including, without limitation, Sections
14(a), 14(d) and 14(e) of the Exchange Act and any other federal securities
laws, rules or regulations deemed or claimed to be applicable to the Schedule
TO, the Offer to Purchase or the Tender Offer;

                  b. declare that any purchases of IKOS securities by Mentor
Graphics since July 11, 2001, leading up to the Tender Offer and Proposed Merger
were not in violation of any federal securities laws, rules or regulations;

                  c. declare that any purchases of IKOS securities made in
conjunction with the Tender Offer and Proposed Merger are not and will not be
hereafter in violation of any federal securities laws, rules or regulations;

                  d. declare that in the Schedule 13D Mentor Graphics has
disclosed all information required by, and is otherwise in all respects in
compliance with, all applicable federal securities laws, rules or regulations
deemed or claimed to be applicable to the Schedule 13D;

                  e. award plaintiffs their costs and disbursements in this
action; and

                                      -18-

                  f. grant plaintiffs such other and further relief as this
Court may deem just and proper.

Of Counsel:

Marc Rappel                         /s/ Kevin G. Abrams
Latham & Watkins                    ------------------------------------
633 West Fifth Street, Suite 4000   Kevin G. Abrams (#2375)
Los Angeles, California 90071       Srinivas M. Raju (#3313)
(213) 485-1234                      Peter B. Ladig (#3513)
                                    Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.
                                    One Rodney Square
                                    P. O. Box 551
                                    Wilmington, DE  19899
                                    (302) 651-7700
                                      Attorneys for Plaintiffs

Dated:  December 7, 2001

                                      -19-

EX-99.(A)(1)(J)

f77751ex99-a1j.txt

EXHIBIT (A)(1)(J)

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(J)

                IN THE COURT OF CHANCERY OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE
                          IN AND FOR NEW CASTLE COUNTY

MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION, an                 )
Oregon corporation, and FRESNO                  )
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation,            )
                                                )
                           Plaintiffs,          )
                                                )        C.A. No. 19299
v.                                              )                --------------
                                                )
IKOS SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware                  )
corporation, GERALD S. CASILLI,                 )
RAMON A. NUNEZ, WILLIAM                         )
STEVENS, GLENN E. PENISTEN, JAMES               )
R. OYLER, JACKSON HU, SYNOPSYS,                 )
INC., a Delaware corporation, and OAK           )
MERGER CORPORATION, a Delaware                  )
corporation,

                           Defendants.

                               VERIFIED COMPLAINT

         Plaintiffs Mentor Graphics Corporation ("Mentor") and Fresno
Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mentor ("Purchaser"), by and through
their undersigned counsel, upon knowledge as to themselves and their own acts
and upon information and belief as to all other matters, allege as follows:

                              NATURE OF THE ACTION

         1. On July 2, 2001, IKOS Systems, Inc. ("IKOS") and Synopsys, Inc.
("Synopsys") announced a non-premium stock-for-stock merger (the "IKOS-Synopsys
Merger") pursuant to the terms of which IKOS would be merged with and into Oak
Merger Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys. The IKOS-Synopsys
Merger, which is not scheduled to close until August 2002, approximately eight
months from now, would result in the receipt by the IKOS stockholders

of Synopsys stock with a highly contingent and uncertain value of $6-$20 of
Synopsys common stock per IKOS share. On December 6, 2001, Mentor and Purchaser
proposed to acquire IKOS in an all-cash transaction that would entail the
near-term payment of $11.00 in cash per IKOS share (the "Mentor Merger
Proposal").

         2. The Mentor Merger Proposal contemplates the immediate acquisition of
IKOS by Mentor and Purchaser at a price of $11.00 per share of IKOS common stock
payable in cash. The acquisition would be accomplished by a first-step cash
tender offer for all outstanding shares of IKOS common stock, followed by a
second-step merger in which the remaining stockholders of IKOS would receive the
same cash price per share paid in the tender offer.

         3. By approving the merger agreement dated July 2, 2001 with Synopsys
(the "Synopsys Agreement"), the members of the IKOS board of directors (the
"IKOS Directors" or "Director Defendants") have breached their fiduciary
obligations to act in the best interests of the IKOS stockholders by agreeing to
unprecedented and grossly inappropriate defensive provisions in the Synopsys
Agreement designed to preclude Mentor (or any other entity) from successfully
consummating a merger with IKOS, preventing the IKOS stockholders from
considering and voting on a competing, superior merger proposal, coercing IKOS
stockholders into voting for the Synopsys Agreement, and tying the hands of the
IKOS directors in managing IKOS until the IKOS-Synopsys Merger is consummated
(which is not scheduled to occur until August 2002).

         4. Three of the Synopsys Agreement's features are particularly
inappropriate and in violation of Delaware law. The IKOS Directors effectively
have contracted away their duty of care by approving these features. First,
while the Synopsys Agreement supposedly permits the IKOS directors to terminate
the agreement and abandon the IKOS-Synopsys Merger to pursue a superior

proposal, an unreasonable termination fee renders this right meaningless.
Indeed, the Synopsys Agreement imposes draconian financial penalties -- an
astounding 10.1% of the equity value of IKOS based on the average closing price
of IKOS stock for the thirty trading days ended December 6, 2001 -- if IKOS
terminates the Synopsys Agreement to pursue a superior proposal.

         5. Second, the Synopsys Agreement imposes onerous restrictions on the
IKOS Directors' authority to manage the business and affairs of IKOS pending the
consummation of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger, which is scheduled to occur in August
2002. These operating restrictions foreclose the IKOS Directors from making any
non-routine decision and IKOS from taking any non- routine action until the
IKOS-Synopsys Merger is consummated. By agreeing to these operating restrictions
for the extended period of time prior to the closing of the IKOS-Synopsys
Merger, the IKOS Directors impermissibly have abdicated their fiduciary and
statutory obligations to manage the business and affairs of IKOS. Moreover, by
vesting Synopsys with significant authority to manage IKOS, the Synopsys
Agreement effectively has transferred control of IKOS to Synopsys.

         6. Third, under a draconian no-shop provision which becomes operative
after IKOS stockholders approve the Synopsys Agreement and long before the
potential closing of the Merger in August 2002, the IKOS Directors effectively
are not permitted even to learn about, let alone evaluate meaningfully,
alternative proposals -- no matter how compelling or financially rewarding.
Following IKOS stockholder approval of the Merger, an IKOS director cannot make
an informed decision about the merits of a proposed transaction -- or, equally
important, the relative merits of a strategic alternative -- because the no-shop
provision in the Synopsys Agreement prohibits the IKOS Directors from
communicating freely with interested parties without fear of outrageous
financial penalties.

         7. In sum, the IKOS Directors have breached their fiduciary duties and
have abdicated their responsibilities. The foregoing terms of the Synopsys
Agreement should be enjoined and the IKOS Directors should be required to act in
accordance with Delaware law going forward.

                                   THE PARTIES

         8. Plaintiff Mentor is an Oregon corporation with its principal
executive offices in Wilsonville, Oregon. Mentor manufactures, markets and
supports software and hardware electronic design automation ("EDA") products and
related services. EDA products enable engineers to design, analyze, simulate,
model, implement and verify the components of electronic systems. Mentor is the
beneficial owner of 841,500 shares of IKOS common stock, or approximately 9.1%
of the outstanding shares of IKOS common stock as of December 6, 2001.

         9. Plaintiff Purchaser is a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Mentor with its principal executive offices in Wilsonville,
Oregon. Purchaser is the record owner of 100 shares of IKOS common stock.

         10. Defendant IKOS is a Delaware corporation with its principal
executive offices in San Jose, California. IKOS is a diversified technology
company engaged in high-performance design verification solutions, including
hardware and software simulation for language-based design, logic emulation for
system integration and compatibility verification, and verification services.
IKOS has direct sales operations in North America, the UK, France, Germany, the
Netherlands, Japan and India and a distribution network throughout Asia-Pacific
and Israel.

         11. Defendant Synopsys is a Delaware corporation with its principal
executive offices in Mountain View, California. Synopsys is a technology company
engaged in the creation of EDA

tools for the global electronics market. Synopsys also delivers design
technologies and solutions to developers of complex integrated circuits,
electronic systems and systems on chip.

         12. Defendant Oak Merger Corporation is a newly incorporated Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Synopsys.

         13. Defendant Gerald S. Casilli has been the Chairman of IKOS since
1989 and served as its Chief Executive Officer from April 1989 until August
1995. He is a director of IKOS and owes fiduciary duties to IKOS and its
stockholders. As of September 29, 2001, he beneficially owned approximately
391,583 shares of IKOS common stock (including approximately 45,800 shares
subject to options exercisable within 60 days of September 29, 2001).

         14. Defendants Ramon A. Nunez, William Stevens, Glenn E. Penisten,
James R. Oyler, and Jackson Hu are current directors of IKOS and all owe
fiduciary duties to IKOS and its stockholders. As of September 29, 2001, these
directors beneficially owned approximately 359,019 shares of IKOS common stock
collectively (including approximately 307,556 shares subject to options
exercisable within 60 days of September 29, 2001).

                               FACTUAL BACKGROUND

         A. THE PROPOSED MERGER OF IKOS AND SYNOPSYS.

         15. On July 2, 2001, IKOS and Synopsys announced a stock-for-stock
merger pursuant to the terms of which IKOS stockholders are to receive shares of
Synopsys common stock, with the final per-share purchase price between $6 and
$20 to be determined by IKOS' revenue, change in backlog, and profit before tax
during a 12-month measurement period ending June 30, 2002.

         16. After the close of the measurement period, IKOS' auditors, subject
to review by Synopsys and its auditors, will calculate revenue plus change in
backlog and profit before tax

("PBT"), as defined in the Synopsys Agreement, and the price per share will be
calculated using both metrics. The final price per share will be the price
determined by revenue plus the change in backlog or the price determined by PBT,
whichever is lower, except that if the price determined by PBT is lower than the
price determined by revenue plus the change in backlog but the same or higher
than the price determined by revenue without regard to backlog, the final price
will be determined by revenue plus the change in backlog.

         17. The closing of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger is currently scheduled for
August 2002. Upon closing of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger, IKOS stockholders will
receive shares of Synopsys common stock, with the ratio determined by dividing
the purchase price per share by the average closing price of Synopsys stock
during the ten trading-day period ending on the fifth trading day prior to the
closing date. IKOS stock options will be assumed by Synopsys at the same
exchange ratio. The IKOS-Synopsys Merger will be accounted for as a purchase
transaction.

         18. The IKOS-Synopsys Merger is subject to numerous unusual and onerous
closing conditions which if not met would relieve Synopsys of its obligations
under the Synopsys Agreement. For example, one closing condition is that IKOS
achieve revenue of at least $50 million and losses before tax not exceeding $10
million during the 12-month period ending June 30, 2002 (the "Financial
Performance Condition"). Another closing condition is that certain key employees
of IKOS accept employment with and/or enter into certain employment agreements
with Synopsys (the "Employee Condition").

         19. Not only are these closing conditions unusual, but also they are
onerous given that IKOS has limited control with respect to whether these
conditions are satisfied. Indeed, while IKOS has some control with respect to
the Financial Performance Condition, the achievement of this

condition is dependent greatly on external and non-controllable factors such as
general market conditions and industry cycles. Given the poor market conditions
that currently exist, it is quite possible that the Financial Performance
Condition will not be met. The other condition described in the preceding
paragraph, the Employee Condition, is even more onerous because IKOS has no
control whatsoever with respect to whether it is satisfied. By contrast,
Synopsys has significant control over whether these two conditions are met. In
other words, Synopsys has significant control over the very closing conditions
that will determine whether Synopsys has any obligation under the Synopsys
Agreement to consummate the IKOS-Synopsys Merger. Hence, Synopsys' obligations
under the Synopsys Agreement are illusory. As one stock analyst has correctly
noted, not only is there no certainty that the IKOS-Synopsys Merger will close,
but also the Synopsys Agreement effectively provides Synopsys an "option" to
acquire IKOS if it so chooses at a later time.

20. The market reaction to the proposed no-premium IKOS-Synopsys Merger was
hardly inspired, pushing the stock price of IKOS down. On June 29, 2001, the
last trading day before the announcement of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger, the common
stock of IKOS closed at $7.36. Although both IKOS and Synopsys have touted
expected synergies of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger, it is apparent that the market
has not recognized any incremental value in the current share price of IKOS. In
fact, the average closing price of IKOS stock for the thirty most recent trading
days is $5.87, which is well below the pre-announcement price of $7.36.
Moreover, this lackluster performance in IKOS' stock price occurred despite
Mentor being an active and large purchaser of IKOS common stock following the
announcement of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger.

         B.  MENTOR'S REPEATED ATTEMPTS TO INFORM THE IKOS DIRECTORS REGARDING
             ITS DESIRE TO MAKE A SUPERIOR MERGER PROPOSAL.

         21. Prior to the announcement of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger on July 2,
2001, Mentor repeatedly advised IKOS' representatives that Mentor was interested
in making a merger proposal to allow Mentor to acquire IKOS. Notwithstanding
their knowledge of Mentor's interest in acquiring IKOS, the IKOS Directors
entered into an unlawful Synopsys Agreement that is intended to preclude the
IKOS stockholders from receiving the benefits of a Mentor merger proposal. The
conduct of the IKOS Directors not only represents a gross dereliction of their
responsibility to make informed decisions but also is detrimental to the IKOS
stockholders and violates their fiduciary duties. By virtue of these breaches of
fiduciary duty, IKOS stockholders have been deprived of the opportunity to
consider, vote on, and accept the Mentor Merger Proposal.

                  1. IKOS' INCONSISTENT REACTIONS TO MENTOR'S OVERTURES.

         22. As part of Mentor's continuous evaluation of its businesses and
plans, Mentor considers a variety of strategic options and transactions. As part
of this process, Mentor has had discussions with IKOS from time to time
concerning an acquisition of IKOS. In the late 1990s, IKOS or its financial
advisors contacted Mentor on several occasions to discuss the possibility of
Mentor acquiring IKOS. These discussions between Mentor and IKOS and its
financial advisors did not result in any proposal by Mentor to acquire IKOS.

         23. In late 1999, an investment banker representing IKOS contacted
Dennis Weldon, Treasurer of Mentor, concerning the possibility of an acquisition
of IKOS by Mentor. After internal discussions at Mentor, Mr. Weldon informed the
investment banker that Mentor was not interested in pursuing an acquisition at
that time.

         24. On May 10, 2000, at IKOS' request, Ramon Nunez, Chief Executive
Officer of IKOS, and Larry Melling, Vice President of Business Development and
Strategic Marketing of IKOS, met with Gregory Hinckley, who is now the President
and Chief Operating Officer of Mentor, in San Jose, California, to discuss the
possibility of Mentor acquiring IKOS. They agreed to discuss the matter further
at the Design Automation Conference in June 2000.

         25. On June 7, 2000, at the Design Automation Conference in Los
Angeles, California, Dr. Walden Rhines, who is now the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Hinckley and other representatives of
Mentor had conversations with Mr. Nunez and Robert Hum, Senior Vice President of
Product Operations of IKOS, regarding the differences between Mentor's and IKOS'
emulation products and the production costs of such products, in the context of
a potential acquisition of IKOS by Mentor. The parties agreed to discuss this
matter further in the future.

         26. Following the June 7, 2000 meeting, an independent technology
consultant to Mentor met with a representative of IKOS at IKOS' principal
offices in San Jose, California to evaluate IKOS' emulation products. To provide
a context for further detailed discussions, Mentor and IKOS entered into a
confidentiality and standstill agreement on June 16, 2000 (the "Confidentiality
Agreement"). Pursuant to the Confidentiality Agreement, Mentor agreed, among
other things, that it would not for a period of six months from the date of the
Confidentiality Agreement acquire any securities of IKOS, engage in an
extraordinary business transaction with IKOS, or engage in soliciting proxies
from IKOS stockholders without prior approval of the IKOS board of directors
(the "Standstill Provision"). The Standstill Provision, by its own terms,
expired in December 2000.

         27. In late June 2000, Mr. Nunez contacted Mr. Hinckley to discuss a
potential future meeting between representatives of Mentor and IKOS.
Subsequently, Mr. Nunez stated that he wished to schedule a meeting with Mentor
in July 2000.

         28. On July 6, 2000, Dr. Rhines, Mr. Hinckley, Mr. Weldon and other
representatives of Mentor met with Mr. Nunez, Mr. Hum and Mr. Melling, in Paris,
France to discuss the operations of the companies' businesses, the integration
of the companies' product lines and the joint marketing of the companies'
products, in the event that Mentor acquired IKOS. During this meeting, Mr.
Hinckley informed Mr. Nunez that, before Mentor could reach any decision on its
desire to acquire IKOS, Mentor needed to hire a general manager for its
emulation division and allow the new manager sufficient time to evaluate the
needs of the emulation division. Mentor's emulation division is Mentor's
business that most closely complements IKOS' business.

         29. After subsequent internal meetings at Mentor and in light of his
earlier comments concerning the hiring of a general manager for Mentor's
emulation division, Mr. Hinckley in separate telephone conversations confirmed
to Mr. Nunez and Mr. Melling that Mentor would not be able to continue
discussions until a new general manager, who had not yet been hired, completed
an evaluation of Mentor's emulation division. Mr. Nunez responded that IKOS
would continue the process of exploring a business combination with other
parties. As a result, these discussions ended on July 27, 2000 without reaching
any agreement concerning an acquisition of IKOS by Mentor. Although the
discussions regarding an acquisition of IKOS by Mentor ended on July 27, 2000,
Mentor and IKOS agreed to hold discussions regarding other types of business
relationships.

         30. On August 3, 2000, Mr. Nunez and Joseph Rockom, Chief Financial
Officer, Vice President of Finance and Administration and Secretary of IKOS, and
Mr. Weldon discussed the

possibility of an original equipment manufacturing agreement. These discussions
ended without reaching any agreement, and there were no further such discussions
concerning other types of business relationships.

         31. On November 9, 2000, Mr. Hinckley met Mr. Nunez and Gerald Casilli,
Chairman of the Board of Directors of IKOS, to discuss the possibility of an
introductory meeting between IKOS and Eric Selosse, whom Mentor had hired in
October 2000 to be the general manager of Mentor's emulation division. On
December 5, 2000, Mr. Selosse met with Mr. Nunez and another representative of
IKOS and held a general discussion concerning the emulation industry and IKOS'
product lines as well as the possible acquisition of IKOS by Mentor. These
discussions ended without any agreement regarding an acquisition of IKOS by
Mentor.

         32. On April 13, 2001, Mr. Weldon contacted Mr. Nunez to request a
meeting to discuss a possible acquisition of IKOS by Mentor. On April 17, 2001,
Mr. Selosse met with Mr. Nunez to discuss a possible acquisition of IKOS by
Mentor. Mr. Weldon attended by telephone. While Mr. Nunez expressed interest in
a possible acquisition, he stated that IKOS had engaged Needham & Company as
IKOS' financial advisor as a result of having received expressions of interest
from other companies. Mr. Weldon told Mr. Nunez that Mentor would contact IKOS
within approximately two weeks.

         33. During April 2001, Mr. Rockom left a voice mail message for Dean
Freed, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Mentor, inquiring about
the possibility of a new confidentiality and standstill agreement that would
pertain to the April 2001 discussions regarding a potential acquisition of IKOS
by Mentor. Mr. Rockom also called Mr. Weldon concerning the possibility of
entering into a new confidentiality and standstill agreement. Although no new

confidentiality and standstill agreement had been entered into, Mr. Rockom
nevertheless volunteered to furnish Mr. Weldon with certain of IKOS'
projections. Shortly thereafter, Mr. Rockom e-mailed Mr. Weldon projections
prepared by IKOS for the third and fourth fiscal quarter of 2001 and 2002. After
reviewing the projections, Mentor concluded that such projections were overly
optimistic and therefore did not rely on them with respect to making any
decisions regarding IKOS. Also during April 2001, to provide a basis for
discussions regarding any new confidentiality and standstill agreement, Mr.
Freed faxed the June 16, 2000 confidentiality agreement to Mr. Rockom. In a
voice mail message and telephone conversation, Jan Robertson of Needham &
Company ("Needham") informed Mr. Freed that the June 16, 2000 Confidentiality
Agreement would not be acceptable to cover the contemporaneous discussions in
light of IKOS' need for, among other things, new standstill and nonsolicitation
periods. No new confidentiality and standstill agreement was entered into
between IKOS and Mentor.

         34. In a voice mail message on April 26, 2001, Ms. Robertson stated
that since IKOS had received multiple expressions of interest, IKOS was
commencing a bid procedure with bids due on May 4, 2001. The demand that Mentor
immediately deliver its proposal in connection with the purported "auction"
process was the first in a series of defensive measures culminating in the
Synopsys Agreement. In response, Mr. Weldon called Chad Keck, a managing
director of Needham & Company, and left a voice mail message asking Mr. Keck to
return his call. Mr. Keck called Mr. Weldon on April 29, 2001. In their
conversation, Mr. Weldon told Mr. Keck that Mentor was very interested in
negotiating an acquisition of IKOS, but would not participate in a blind bidding
process.

         35. Given that the Synopsys Agreement was not executed until early July
2001, IKOS had no basis to impose an artificial deadline for the auction of May
4, 2001 and thereafter exclude

Mentor from any negotiations regarding an acquisition proposal for IKOS. These
actions by the IKOS Directors have denied and are continuing to deny IKOS
stockholders the opportunity to receive the benefits of a Mentor merger
proposal.

         36. Indeed, IKOS blatantly ignored repeated expressions of interest by
Mentor in pursuing a negotiated acquisition after IKOS' self-imposed May 4,
2001, deadline. In May 2001, Bruce Alexander, a managing director of Needham
called Mr. Hinckley. In a telephone conversation with Mr. Alexander, Mr.
Hinckley expressed Mentor's continued interest in pursuing a negotiated
acquisition with IKOS. In a meeting among Dr. Rhines, Mr. Hinckley, Mr. Weldon
and Mr. Alexander on June 5, 2001, Mr. Hinckley informed Mr. Alexander that
Mentor remained very interested in acquiring IKOS. Later in June 2001, Mr.
Alexander called Mr. Hinckley, and Mr. Hinckley expressed Mentor's continued
interest in acquiring IKOS.

         37. None of Mr. Hinckley's expressions of interest in May and June 2001
in acquiring IKOS resulted in any response from IKOS. Instead, IKOS continued
ahead with its negotiations with Synopsys. In short, the Director Defendants
conducted a defective sales process.

         38. In addition, other decisions by the IKOS Directors reveal improper
motivations behind the IKOS Directors' decision to approve and recommend the
IKOS-Synopsys Merger. For example, certain of the IKOS Directors and officers
will be eligible to participate in a bonus plan of up to $7.5 million if, and
only if, the IKOS-Synopsys Merger is consummated. Furthermore, many of these
same IKOS Directors and officers have or will execute lucrative employment
and/or severance agreements providing for, among other things, cash payments and
accelerated vesting of their unvested option shares in case of the termination
of their employment by Synopsys. Specifically, if the IKOS-Synopsys Merger
closes in August 2002, each outside director of IKOS

shall receive an additional option to purchase 6,000 shares of IKOS common
stock. All of the unvested options held by outside directors of IKOS also will
vest in full and become exercisable immediately prior to the IKOS-Synopsys
Merger. Additionally, the executive officers of IKOS, with one exception, who
are terminated without cause or terminate their own employment within two years
of the closing of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger will have all of their former IKOS
options become fully vested and accelerated in full. Thus, the IKOS Directors'
motivation in approving and recommending the IKOS-Synopsys Merger was not based
solely on what was in the best interest of the IKOS stockholders, but rather was
based substantially on what was in the IKOS Directors' own self-interest.

         39. Indeed, in order to further their self-interest in an IKOS-Synopsys
deal, the IKOS Directors improperly hired Needham to render a fairness opinion
with respect to the IKOS-Synopsys Merger and made a significant portion of the
Needham fee contingent upon the consummation of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger. IKOS
has agreed to pay Needham an initial fee of $350,000 for rendering its fairness
opinion in connection with the IKOS-Synopsys Merger. In addition, upon
consummation of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger, Needham will receive a transaction fee
equal to .75% of the aggregate purchase price up to $150 million paid in the
IKOS-Synopsys Merger, plus 1.5% of the aggregate purchase price in excess of
$150 million, subject to a minimum "success fee" of $750,000, against which only
$200,000 of the initial fee would be credited. Thus, by creating an improper
incentive for Needham to find the IKOS-Synopsys Merger to be fair, the IKOS
Directors further breached their fiduciary duties.

                  2. THE MENTOR MERGER PROPOSAL.

         40. On December 6, 2001, Mentor provided a letter to the IKOS Directors
summarizing the Mentor Merger Proposal. The Mentor Merger Proposal contemplates
the immediate acquisition of IKOS by Mentor and Purchaser at a price of $11.00
per share of IKOS common stock payable in cash. This acquisition would be
accomplished by a first-step cash tender offer for all outstanding shares of
IKOS common stock (the "Tender Offer"), followed by a second-step merger in
which the remaining stockholders of IKOS would receive the same cash price per
share paid in the Tender Offer. The Mentor Merger Proposal, which is based on
publicly-available information and is not subject to any financing contingency,
represents a premium of 37% over the closing price of IKOS shares, on December
6, 2001, and 49.5% over the closing price of IKOS stock on June 29, 2001, the
day before the IKOS-Synopsys Merger was announced. The Mentor Merger Proposal
also represents a premium of 87% over the average closing price of IKOS stock
for the thirty trading days ended December 6, 2001.

         41. The Tender Offer is conditioned upon, in general terms, (i) there
being validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration date of the
Tender Offer a number of shares of common stock of IKOS, including the
associated preferred stock purchase rights (the "Rights") issued pursuant to the
IKOS amended and restated rights agreement, dated January 22, 1999 (the "Rights
Plan"), representing, together with the shares owned by Mentor, at least a
majority of the total number of outstanding shares of Fresno on a fully diluted
basis; (ii) the stockholders of IKOS not having approved the Synopsys Agreement;
(iii) the termination fee provisions of the Synopsys Agreement having been
invalidated, or the obligation to pay any amounts pursuant to such provisions
having been terminated, without any termination fee, or any portion thereof,
having been paid by

IKOS or any of its affiliates pursuant to the Synopsys Agreement or otherwise.;
(iv) Mentor being satisfied that the Synopsys Agreement has been terminated; (v)
the Rights having been redeemed by the IKOS Directors or Mentor being satisfied
that the Rights have been invalidated or are otherwise inapplicable to the
Mentor Merger Proposal; (vi) Mentor being satisfied that the provisions of
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law ("Section 203") do not apply
to or otherwise restrict the Mentor Merger Proposal; (vii) IKOS not having
entered into or effectuated any agreement or transaction with any person or
entity having the effect of impairing Mentor's ability to acquire IKOS or
otherwise diminishing the expected economic value to Mentor of acquiring IKOS;
and (viii) any waiting periods under applicable antitrust laws having expired or
been terminated.

         C. THE SUPERIORITY OF THE MENTOR MERGER PROPOSAL.

         42. In the December 6, 2001 letter to IKOS, Mentor set forth some of
the distinct advantages and specific strengths that would result from combining
the two companies and which (in combination with the premium offered to the IKOS
stockholders in the Mentor Merger Proposal) plainly render the Mentor Merger
Proposal far superior to the IKOS-Synopsys Merger. These advantages and
strengths include:

                  -        a premium of 37% over the closing market price on
                           December 6, 2001;

                  -        a premium of 87% over the average closing price for
                           the thirty days ended December 6, 2001;

                  -        payment in cash promptly following completion of the
                           Tender Offer;

                  -        a closing date as early as 20 business days after
                           launch of the Tender Offer with no risk as to
                           acquiror stock performance; and

                  -        minimal standard conditions to the consummation of a
                           Tender Offer.

         43. These advantages become all the more apparent when compared to the
IKOS-Synopsys Merger, which contains the following deleterious terms and
conditions:

                  -        a price of $6 - $20 depending on IKOS' uncertain
                           financial performance for the twelve months ending
                           June 2002;

                  -        payment in Synopsys stock that is subject to the risk
                           of Synopsys' stock performance;

                  -        a closing date estimated for August 2002 -- over 13
                           months from the date of the announcement of the
                           IKOS-Synopsys Merger; and

                  -        no certainty of closing since the Synopsys Agreement
                           is subject to numerous conditions based on IKOS'
                           performance through June 2002.

         D. THE UNREASONABLE TERMS OF THE SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT.

         44. The Synopsys Agreement contains a number of noteworthy provisions,
including an excessive termination fee, a no-shop provision and limitations on
the conduct of IKOS' business, that reflect patent violations of the fiduciary
duties owed by the IKOS Directors. These provisions are transparent efforts to
protect a non-premium deal and to entrench IKOS' management at the expense of
IKOS stockholders.

                  1. THE TERMINATION FEE.

         45. In general terms, under Section 8.3 of the Synopsys Agreement, the
IKOS Directors may terminate the Synopsys Agreement if (i) IKOS receives a
takeover proposal that is a superior proposal, (ii) IKOS has given written
notification of the superior proposal to Synopsys, (iii) Synopsys has not made
an offer that is at least as favorable as the superior proposal within five
business days of the written notification, (iv) the IKOS Directors believe that
the takeover proposal continues to be a superior proposal, and (v) IKOS prior to
terminating the Synopsys Agreement pays a termination fee to Synopsys of $5.5
million (the "Termination Fee"). The Termination Fee is a

blatant attempt to prevent the IKOS Directors from accepting a superior proposal
even if the IKOS Directors conclude that accepting such proposal is in the best
interests of IKOS stockholders. Moreover, the amount of the Termination Fee is
unconscionable and not rationally related to any measure of damages that
Synopsys might conceivably sustain in the event the IKOS-Synopsys Merger does
not close, and has no purpose other than to excessively increase the cost of
consummating a superior merger proposal and to entrench IKOS management. In the
case of IKOS, the Termination Fee amounts to approximately 8.25 % of its equity
value on June 29, 2001.

                  2. SYNOPSYS' CONTROL OVER IKOS

         46. The Synopsys Agreement also contains numerous restrictions on the
authority of the IKOS Directors to manage the business and affairs of IKOS.
Namely, the Synopsys Agreement includes, in general terms, prohibitions and/or
restrictions on the IKOS board's authority to do any of the following prior to
consummation of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger: (i) cause or permit any amendments to
the IKOS charter; (ii) declare or pay any dividends; (iii) amend or change any
existing stock option plans; (iv) enter into, violate, amend or otherwise modify
any material contract; (v) issue, deliver, encumber or sell IKOS securities;
(vi) transfer or license any intellectual property of IKOS; (vii) enter into or
amend any agreements pursuant to which an exclusive marketing or other exclusive
right is granted; (viii) sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of or
encumber assets which in the aggregate have a value in excess of $5 million;
(ix) incur any indebtedness; (x) enter into any operating leases contemplating
total payments over the life of the lease in excess of $250,000 for any
individual lease or $3 million with respect to all leases in the aggregate; (xi)
pay, discharge or satisfy an amount in excess of $1 million; (xii) make any
capital expenditures, capital additions or capital improvements exceeding $2
million individually or $7.5 million in the aggregate; (xiii) materially

reduce the amount or scope of any material insurance coverage; (xiv) terminate
or waive any right to claim a substantial value under certain contracts; (xv)
adopt or amend any employee benefit or stock purchase or option plans or
increase the salaries or wage rates of employees except in connection with
scheduled annual performance reviews; (xvi) enter into any employment contract
other than an offer letter for at will employment; (xvii) grant any severance or
termination pay to any director, officer or employee of IKOS; (xviii) commence
certain lawsuits; (xix) acquire or agree to acquire any business entity or enter
into any material strategic relationships or alliances; (xx) make or change any
material election with respect to taxes or accounting methods relating to taxes;
(xxi) write down the value of inventory or write off notes or accounts
receivable; and (xxii) make any change to its accounting methods, principles,
assumptions, policies, procedures or practices (collectively, the "Operating
Restrictions"). The fact that the Operating Restrictions will be in effect for
more than one year before the potential closing of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger in
August 2002 demonstrates their patent invalidity. By agreeing to the Operating
Restrictions for an extended period of time, the IKOS Directors impermissibly
abdicated their statutory and fiduciary duties to manage IKOS.

                  3. THE NO-SHOP PROVISION.

         47. After the Synopsys Agreement is adopted by the IKOS stockholders,
Section 5.2 of the Synopsys Agreement generally restrains IKOS and each of its
subsidiaries, their directors, officers, agents, representatives and advisors
from directly or indirectly soliciting, initiating or encouraging (whether by
furnishing information or otherwise), or taking any other action designed to
facilitate an alternative merger proposal unless a superior proposal is received
that would result in a transaction with a value of greater than $24.70 per share
of IKOS common stock (the "No-Shop

Provision"). On December 6, 2001, the IKOS common stock closed at a $8.05 a
share. Thus, at yesterday's closing market price, Mentor (or any other entity)
could be required after IKOS stockholder approval of the Merger to submit a
proposal offering IKOS stockholders a premium of at least $16.65 or 207%.
Moreover, approximately eight months from now -- the expected time for the
closing of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger -- Mentor would potentially be required to
pay an even higher premium if the market price of IKOS shares fluctuates
downward.

         48. Such a defensive provision is excessive under Delaware law. Indeed,
the excessive trigger price for the exception to the No-Shop Provision is
designed to preclude Mentor (or any other entity) from successfully pursuing a
superior merger with IKOS once the IKOS stockholders have been coerced into
voting for the Synopsys Agreement. The operation of the No-Shop Provision during
the many months after IKOS stockholder approval of the Merger and prior to the
potential Merger closing is patently unreasonable in light of the highly
contingent undertaking by Synopsys to even proceed with the Merger. Furthermore,
the IKOS Directors' acceptance of a $24.70 floor for an alternative merger
proposal is particularly inappropriate in light of the possibility that IKOS
stockholders could receive as low as $6 and only a maximum of $20 per IKOS
share.

         49. As a consequence of the Termination Fee, the Operating Restrictions
and the No- Shop Provision, the IKOS Directors effectively are precluded from
considering superior offers or proposals and are restrained from acting in the
best interests of IKOS stockholders during the many months between IKOS
stockholder approval of the Synopsys Agreement and the anticipated closing of
the IKOS-Synopsys Merger. Although the Synopsys Agreement contains a provision
which would allow the IKOS Directors to terminate the Synopsys Agreement in
order to fulfill their fiduciary duties, the exception to the No-Shop Provision
is illusory because the Termination Fee

imposes an exorbitant penalty, which is unreasonable with respect to both the
amount and timing of the payment, that effectively precludes IKOS from
terminating the Synopsys Agreement. Furthermore, following IKOS stockholder
approval of the Merger, the $24.70 floor price for a competing merger proposal
effectively precludes the IKOS stockholders from receiving a superior bid even
if IKOS' short-term performance over the next year indicates that Synopsys will
pay the IKOS stockholders any amount in the $6-$20 price range established in
the Synopsys Agreement.

      50.   In short, following IKOS stockholder approval of the Synopsys
Agreement, the IKOS Directors have voluntarily tied their own hands over an
extended period of time with respect to (i) managing the business and affairs of
IKOS; (ii) promoting the interests of IKOS stockholders with respect to third
party proposals for IKOS; (iii) agreeing not to solicit, encourage, or
facilitate inquiries for information by third parties and not to participate in
discussions with respect to any other proposals except under the untenable
circumstances provided for by the No-Shop Provision; and (iv) agreeing to the
grossly excessive Termination Fee. The Director Defendants should not be allowed
to hide behind unreasonable provisions in the Synopsys Agreement as
justification for their refusal to protect and promote the interests of IKOS
stockholders or to allow the IKOS stockholders to consider a far superior
proposal.

      E.    THE RIGHT OF IKOS STOCKHOLDERS TO CALL A SPECIAL MEETING.

      51.   Under the IKOS bylaws, a special meeting of the IKOS stockholders
may be called by the holders of not less than 10% of all of the shares entitled
to cast votes at the meeting. Under IKOS' certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, the directors of IKOS may be removed without cause upon the majority
vote of all of the shares entitled to vote generally in the election of
directors. Depending upon the response of IKOS and the Director Defendants to
the Mentor Merger Proposal,

Purchaser, in connection with the Mentor Merger Proposal, may solicit proxies to
call a special meeting of IKOS stockholders to consider the removal of the
current IKOS directors and the election of directors nominated by Purchaser.
Purchaser may also solicit proxies with respect to such matters and with respect
to the Synopsys Agreement. In furtherance of these possible solicitation of
proxies, Purchaser on December 7, 2001 is formally demanding that IKOS produce a
list of its stockholders and related stocklist materials.

      52.   Plaintiffs believe that IKOS may seek to impose a constrained
interpretation of the current bylaws or purport to amend the bylaws in order to
impede the ability of plaintiffs to call a special meeting, delay any such
special meeting or frustrate the ability of IKOS stockholders to exercise their
voting rights. Any amendments to IKOS' bylaws or other manipulations of
corporate machinery having the effect of hindering the ability of IKOS
stockholders to exercise their rights as they currently exist would serve no
legitimate purpose and would clearly constitute unlawful entrenchment by the
Director Defendants in violation of their fiduciary duties under Delaware law.

      F.    MENTOR AND THE IKOS STOCKHOLDERS WILL SUFFER IRREPARABLE HARM IF THE
            IKOS-SYNOPSYS MERGER IS NOT ENJOINED.

      53.   Plaintiff seeks temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive
relief preventing the implementation of the provisions in the Synopsys Agreement
discussed above.

      54.   The terms of the Synopsys Agreement effectively prohibit the IKOS
Directors from considering and negotiating alternative proposals as a result of
the purported obligation to pay a draconian Termination Fee of $5.5 million upon
terminating the Synopsys Agreement to pursue a superior proposal, as well as the
pernicious No-Shop Provision. The IKOS Directors are thereby

precluded from complying with their fiduciary duties to inform themselves
regarding alternative merger proposals and to act in the best interests of the
IKOS stockholders.

      55.   The Mentor Merger Proposal is non-coercive and nondiscriminatory and
represents a substantial premium over the market price of the IKOS common stock
at the time the Mentor Merger Proposal was made. The Mentor Merger Proposal does
not pose a threat to IKOS' corporate policies or effectiveness. By agreeing to
the Termination Fee, the Operating Restrictions and the No Shop Provision in the
Synopsys Agreement, the Director Defendants have adopted unreasonable and
disproportionate measures in breach of their fiduciary obligations to the IKOS
stockholders. Moreover, these provisions improperly limit the freedom of the
IKOS Directors to make decisions on management policy and otherwise discharge
their fiduciary obligations by, among other things, preventing the IKOS
Directors from exploring alternative proposals that would be superior to the
IKOS-Synopsys Merger and terminating the Synopsys Agreement to pursue a superior
merger proposal. As a result, plaintiffs and other IKOS stockholders will suffer
irreparable harm unless the defendants are enjoined from enforcing these
egregious and unlawful provisions in the Synopsys Agreement and from submitting
the Synopsys Agreement to IKOS stockholders for their approval.

      56.   Moreover, Mentor, as a potential party to a merger with IKOS, will
be deprived of the unique opportunity to enter into a business combination that
would provide it with substantial benefits.

      57.   The resulting injury to Mentor will not be compensable in money
damages and plaintiffs, as well as other IKOS stockholders, have no adequate
remedy at law.

                                     COUNT I
       (BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY: THE SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT VIOLATES UNITRIN)

      58.   Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      59.   The Director Defendants owe the IKOS stockholders the highest duties
of care, loyalty and good faith.

      60.   In entering into the Synopsys Agreement, the Director Defendants
adopted a preclusive and coercive defense to the purported threat they perceived
from a potential business combination with any acquirer of IKOS other than
Synopsys.

      61.   The Synopsys Agreement is a disproportionate response to the
purported threat the Director Defendants perceived from a potential business
combination with or any acquirer of IKOS other than Synopsys that falls outside
of the range of reasonableness.

      62.   Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                    COUNT II
     (BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY: THE SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT AND THE DUTY OF CARE)

      63.   Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      64.   The Director Defendants owe the IKOS stockholders the highest duties
of care, loyalty and good faith.

      65.   In approving the Synopsys Agreement, including the draconian
Termination Fee, the No-Shop Provision and the onerous Operating Restrictions,
the Director Defendants failed to exercise due care and were grossly negligent.

      66.   The Director Defendants failed to inform themselves about Mentor's
potential interest in a superior transaction and instead willfully blinded
themselves to the potential benefits of a business combination with Mentor.

      67.   The Director Defendants also failed to understand, inform themselves
about or consider fully the impact on the IKOS stockholders of the Termination
Fee, the Operating Restrictions or the No-Shop Provision.

      68.   Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                    COUNT III
         (BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY: THE SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT VIOLATES QVC)

      69.   Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      70.   The Director Defendants owe IKOS stockholders the highest duties of
care, loyalty and good faith.

      71.   In entering into the Synopsys Agreement, the Director Defendants
abandoned IKOS' long-term business plan of remaining an independent entity, as
evidenced by their agreement with Synopsys. The IKOS Directors have thereby
triggered a duty to gather all information reasonably available about potential
strategic alternatives and to obtain the transaction that offered the best value
reasonably available to the stockholders.

      72.   In entering into the Synopsys Agreement, the Director Defendants
approved a transaction that will affect fundamentally the ownership interests of
the IKOS stockholders. The resulting change in ownership interest is so
significant as to trigger a duty to gather all information

reasonably available about potential strategic alternatives and to obtain the
transaction that offered the best value reasonably available to the
stockholders.

      73.   The Director Defendants failed to gather all information reasonably
available about potential strategic alternatives for IKOS. The Director
Defendants failed to explore fully a potential strategic combination with
Mentor, despite knowing that Mentor was interested in a potential business
combination. There is no justification for the Director Defendants' failure to
explore a potential strategic combination with Mentor.

      74.   The Director Defendants failed to obtain the transaction that
offered the best value reasonably available to IKOS stockholders. The Mentor
Merger Proposal proves that the IKOS- Synopsys Merger is not the transaction
that offers the best value reasonably available to the IKOS stockholders. The
Mentor Merger Proposal also demonstrates that negotiations on an even playing
field would generate additional information reasonably available about potential
strategic alternatives for IKOS and result in a transaction offering additional
value for the IKOS stockholders.

      75.   Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                    COUNT IV
             (THE SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT VIOLATES 8 DEL. C. SECTION 141)

      76.   Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      77.   Under 8 Del. C. Section 141 ("Section 141"), the Director Defendants
have an obligation to oversee, manage and direct the business and affairs of
IKOS. In fulfilling this obligation, the Director Defendants owe the IKOS
stockholders the highest duties of care, loyalty and good faith.

      78.   The Synopsys Agreement, particularly the Termination Fee, the
Operating Restrictions and the No-Shop Provision, prevents the IKOS Directors
from completely discharging their fiduciary obligations to protect and promote
the interest of IKOS and IKOS stockholders. The Synopsys Agreement violates
Section 141 by requiring the Defendant Directors to abdicate their
responsibility to manage the business and affairs of IKOS and to exercise their
best judgment on matters presented to the IKOS board of directors.

      79.   The Synopsys Agreement therefore violates Section 141 and is ultra
vires and void.

      80.   Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                     COUNT V
                (BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY: THE SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT
               IMPERMISSIBLY INTERFERES WITH THE STOCKHOLDER VOTE)

      81.   Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      82.   The Director Defendants owe the IKOS stockholders the highest duties
of care, loyalty and good faith.

      83.   The Termination Fee coerces the IKOS stockholders into voting in
favor of the IKOS-Synopsys Merger by imposing a $5.5 million penalty on IKOS for
terminating the Synopsys Agreement to pursue a superior proposal.

      84.   The IKOS Directors have not and cannot offer a compelling
justification for interfering with the stockholder vote on the Merger.

      85.   Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                    COUNT VI
              (THE SYNOPSYS AGREEMENT IS INVALID AND UNENFORCEABLE)

      86.   Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      87.   The decision of the Director Defendants to enter into the Synopsys
Agreement, including the Termination Fee, the Operating Restrictions and the
No-Shop Provision, constituted a breach of the IKOS Directors' fiduciary duties
to IKOS and its stockholders. Moreover, the Termination Fee, the Operating
Restrictions and the No-Shop Provision act to limit the exercise by the Director
Defendants of their fiduciary duties.

      88.   Therefore, the Synopsys Agreement, including the Termination Fee,
the Operating Restrictions and the No-Shop Provision, is invalid and
unenforceable under Delaware law.

      89.   Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                    COUNT VII
                   (BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY: THE RIGHTS PLAN)

      90.   Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      91.   The Director Defendants owe IKOS stockholders the highest duties of
care, loyalty and good faith.

      92.   The Rights Plan is designed to thwart any acquisition of IKOS that
does not have the approval of the IKOS Directors. Indeed, the Rights Plan
provides the IKOS Directors with the power to prevent summarily the consummation
of the all-cash, all-shares, non-coercive, non-discriminatory Tender Offer. In
light of the superior value offered to IKOS stockholders by the Tender Offer and
the Mentor Merger Proposal, there is no legitimate reason for the IKOS Board to

retain the Rights Plan. The Director Defendants' presumptive failure to redeem
the Rights or to render the Rights Plan inapplicable to the Mentor Merger
Proposal deprives Mentor's stockholders of the right to maximize their wealth by
selling their IKOS shares at the premium price offered by the Mentor Merger
Proposal.

      93.   The Director Defendants' presumptive failure to redeem the Rights or
to render the Rights Plan inapplicable to the Mentor Merger Proposal has no
economic justification, serves no legitimate purpose, and is not a reasonable
response to the Mentor Merger Proposal, which pose no threat to the interests of
IKOS stockholders or to IKOS' corporate policy and effectiveness. As such, the
actions of the Director Defendants are in breach of the fiduciary duties the
Director Defendants owe to IKOS stockholders under applicable Delaware law.

      94.   Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                   COUNT VIII
                     (BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY: SECTION 203)

      95.   Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      96.   The Director Defendants owe IKOS stockholders the highest duties of
care, loyalty and good faith.

      97.   The Director Defendants are empowered by Section 203 to render the
statute inapplicable to the Mentor Merger Proposal by approving the Tender
Offer.

      98.   In light of the superior value offered to IKOS stockholders by the
Mentor Merger Proposal, there is no legitimate reason for the IKOS Directors to
fail to approve the Tender Offer or to fail to take any other steps necessary to
render Section 203 inapplicable to the Mentor Merger

Proposal. Such failures only have the effect of withholding from IKOS
stockholders the right to maximize value by selling their IKOS shares at the
premium price offered by the Mentor Merger Proposal.

      99.   The Director Defendants' presumptive failure to approve the Mentor
Merger Proposal or otherwise render Section 203 inapplicable to the Mentor
Merger Proposal have no economic justification, serve no legitimate purpose, and
are not reasonable responses to the Mentor Merger Proposal, which poses no
threat to the interests of IKOS stockholders or to IKOS' corporate policy and
effectiveness. As such, the actions of the Director Defendants are in breach of
the fiduciary duties the Director Defendants owe to IKOS stockholders under
applicable Delaware law.

      100.  Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                    COUNT IX
                 (AIDING AND ABETTING BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY)

      101.  Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      102.  The Director Defendants owe IKOS stockholders the highest duties of
care, loyalty and good faith.

      103.  Synopsys has aided and abetted the Director Defendants in the breach
of their fiduciary duties. As a direct participant in the IKOS-Synopsys Merger,
Synopsys knew of, and in fact actively encouraged and participated in, the
breach of fiduciary duties set forth herein. Synopsys induced the Director
Defendants to breach their fiduciary duties in order to obtain the substantial
financial benefits that the IKOS-Synopsys Merger would provide, at the expense
of IKOS stockholders.

      104.  Plaintiff seeks an injunction preventing Synopsys, its employees,
agents and all persons acting on its behalf, from aiding and abetting the
Director Defendants' breach of fiduciary duties to the IKOS stockholders, with
respect to the Synopsys Agreement, the IKOS-Synopsys Merger and the Mentor
Merger Proposal.

      105.  Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                     COUNT X
    (DECLARATORY AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF: THE RIGHT TO CALL A SPECIAL MEETING)

      106.  Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      107.  The Director Defendants owe IKOS stockholders the highest duties of
care, loyalty and good faith.

      108.  Under the bylaws of IKOS, a special meeting of the IKOS stockholders
may be called by the holders of not less than 10% of all of the shares entitled
to cast votes at the meeting. Any action by IKOS to eliminate or hinder the
procedure for or ability of its stockholders to request a call of a special
meeting, or to affect the prescribed time period when the special meeting must
be held, or to interfere with any efforts to call a special meeting, or to
impede possible consideration by IKOS stockholders at the special meeting of
removing the current IKOS directors and electing Mentor's and Purchaser's
nominees to the IKOS board of directors would thwart the exercise of stockholder
voting rights without compelling justification and would thereby cause
irreparable harm.

      109.  Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                    COUNT XI
       (DECLARATORY AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF: THE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT)

      110.  Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      111.  Mentor was not provided with any material, non-public information of
IKOS during its discussions with IKOS in June and July 2000. In addition, the
financial projections of IKOS that were provided to Mentor in April 2001 were
rendered immaterial, unreliable, stale and worthless when IKOS stated publicly
in July 2001 that it was revising its outlook. Specifically, on July 2, 2001,
IKOS announced that it was revising its own outlook for performance downward for
the very periods covered by the projections given to Mentor. This July 2, 2001
press release stated that "We expect that these customer and economic issues
will continue to limit our visibility and impact our results for the fourth
fiscal quarter."

      112.  Plaintiffs did not begin to purchase or sell any IKOS securities
until July 11, 2001. By July 11, 2001, the projections provided to Mentor in
April 2001 were immaterial, unreliable, stale and worthless, especially in light
of IKOS' July 2, 2001 announcement revising its outlook. Further, any
information provided by IKOS during 2000 to Mentor had become immaterial,
unreliable and stale as well. Hence, neither the actions taken by plaintiffs to
date, including their purchases of IKOS stock, nor the actions that plaintiffs
will take in connection with the Tender Offer, the Mentor Merger Proposal, or a
possible call of a special meeting of IKOS stockholders will violate any
continuing obligation that plaintiffs may have under the Confidentiality
Agreement.

      113.  Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

                                    COUNT XII
          (DECLARATORY AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF: THE STANDSTILL PROVISION)

      114.  Plaintiffs repeat and reallege each and every allegation set forth
in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

      115.  The Tender Offer and the Mentor Merger Proposal comply and will
comply with Mentor's rights under the Standstill Provision of the
Confidentiality Agreement. Given that the Standstill Provision expired in
December 2000, IKOS has no basis for relying on the Standstill Provision to
impede or hinder the Tender Offer, the Mentor Merger Proposal or any possible
call of a special meeting of IKOS stockholders by plaintiffs (including the
possible solicitation of proxies in connection therewith).

      116.  Mentor and Purchaser have no adequate remedy at law.

      WHEREFORE, plaintiffs respectfully request that this Court enter an order:

            a.    declaring that: (i) the failure to make good faith effort to
obtain information about reasonable alternatives, such as the Mentor Merger
Proposal, in order to make an informed decision about the IKOS-Synopsys Merger;
(ii) the agreement to the Termination Fee in the Synopsys Agreement; (iii) the
agreement to the Operating Restrictions in the Synopsys Agreement; and (iv) the
agreement to the No-Shop Provision in the Synopsys Agreement, constitute
breaches of the Director Defendants' fiduciary duties which they owe to the IKOS
stockholders;

            b.    declaring that the failure: (i) adequately to consider the
Mentor Merger Proposal; (ii) to determine that the Mentor Merger Proposal is in
the best interests of the IKOS stockholders; and (iii) to submit the Mentor
Merger Proposal to the IKOS stockholders constitute breaches of the Director
Defendants' fiduciary duties;

            c.    compelling defendants to consider the Mentor Merger Proposal
and take all steps necessary to provide plaintiffs with a fair and equal
opportunity to enter into a transaction with IKOS, including submitting the
proposal to the IKOS stockholders;

            d.    invalidating the No-Shop Provision, the Operating Restrictions
and the Termination Fee in the Synopsys Agreement;

            e.    temporarily, preliminarily and permanently enjoining IKOS, the
Director Defendants, Synopsys, and their respective agents, employees, and
anyone acting on their behalf, from effectuating or enforcing or taking any
steps to effectuate or enforce the No-Shop Provision, the Operating Restrictions
and the Termination Fee in the Synopsys Agreement;

            f.    temporarily, preliminarily and permanently enjoining IKOS, the
Director Defendants, Synopsys, and their respective agents, employees, and
anyone acting on their behalf, from taking any further steps to proceed with the
proposed IKOS-Synopsys Merger until the stockholders of IKOS have had an
opportunity to consider the Mentor Merger Proposal;

            g.    declaring that failure to redeem the Rights or to render the
Rights inapplicable to the Tender Offer and the Mentor Merger Proposal or to
approve the Tender Offer and the Mentor Merger Proposal would constitute a
breach of the Director Defendants' fiduciary duties to IKOS stockholders under
Delaware law;

            h.    invalidating the Rights or compelling IKOS and its Director
Defendants to redeem the Rights or to render the Rights Plan inapplicable to the
Tender Offer and the Mentor Merger Proposal;

            i.    declaring that the failure to approve the Tender Offer and the
Mentor Merger Proposal for purposes of Section 203 would constitute a breach of
the Director Defendants' fiduciary duties to the IKOS stockholders under
Delaware law;

            j.    compelling the Director Defendants to approve the Tender Offer
and the Mentor Merger Proposal for purposes of Section 203;

            k.    declaring that the adoption or exercise of any measures by
IKOS, the Director Defendants, Synopsys, and their respective agents, employees,
and anyone acting on their behalf, which have the effect of impeding,
frustrating or interfering with the Tender Offer, the Mentor Merger Proposal or
the possible call of a special meeting of IKOS stockholders by plaintiffs
(including the possible solicitation of proxies in connection therewith) would
constitute a breach of the Director Defendants' fiduciary duties under Delaware
law;

            l.    declaring that neither the actions taken by Mentor and
Purchaser to date, including their purchases of IKOS stock, nor the actions that
Mentor and Purchaser may take in connection with the Tender Offer, the Mentor
Merger Proposal, or the possible call of a special meeting of IKOS stockholders
by plaintiffs (including the possible solicitation of proxies in connection
therewith) will violate any continuing obligation that Mentor and Purchaser may
have under the Confidentiality Agreement;

            m.    declaring that the Tender Offer, the Mentor Merger Proposal,
and the possible call of a special meeting of IKOS stockholders by plaintiffs
(including the possible solicitation of proxies in connection therewith) are
consistent with Mentor's rights under the now expired Standstill Provision;

            n.    temporarily, preliminarily and permanently enjoining the
adoption or exercise of any measures by IKOS, the Director Defendants, Synopsys,
and their respective agents, employees, and anyone acting on their behalf, which
have the effect of impeding, frustrating or interfering with the Tender Offer,
the Mentor Merger Proposal, or the possible call of a special meeting of IKOS
stockholders by plaintiffs (including the possible solicitation of proxies in
connection therewith);

            o.    temporarily, preliminarily and permanently enjoining IKOS, the
Director Defendants, Synopsys, and their respective agents, employees, and
anyone acting on their behalf from taking any action to delay, impede, postpone
or thwart the director removal, nomination and replacement rights, as well as
the voting or other rights, of IKOS stockholders in connection with a possible
call of a special meeting of IKOS stockholders by plaintiffs (including the
possible solicitation of proxies in connection therewith) or otherwise;

            p.    temporarily, preliminarily and permanently enjoining Synopsys
and its agents, employees, and anyone acting on its behalf, from aiding and
abetting the Director Defendants' breach of fiduciary duties to the IKOS
stockholders;

            q.    temporarily, preliminarily and permanently enjoining
defendants, their affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors and all others
acting in concert with them or on their behalf from bringing any action
concerning the Synopsys Agreement, the Termination Fee, the No-Shop Provision,
the Operating Restrictions, the Rights Plan, Section 203, the Confidentiality
Agreement, or the possible call of a special meeting of IKOS stockholders by
plaintiffs (including the possible solicitation of proxies in connection
therewith) in any other court;

            r.    granting damages for all incidental injuries suffered as a
result of Defendants' unlawful conduct;

            s.    awarding plaintiffs their costs and expenses, including
attorneys' fees and experts' fees, incurred in this action; and

            t.    granting plaintiffs such other and further relief as the Court
deems just and proper.

                                           /s/ Kevin G. Abrams
                                           ------------------------------------
Of Counsel:                                Kevin G. Abrams
                                           Srinivas M. Raju
Marc W. Rappel                             Peter B. Ladig
Latham & Watkins                           Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A.
633 West Fifth Street, Suite 4000          One Rodney Square
Los Angeles, California 90071              P.O. Box 551
(213) 485-1234                             Wilmington, Delaware 19899
                                           (302) 651-7700
                                             Attorneys for Plaintiffs

Dated:   December 7, 2001

                                  VERIFICATION
                                  ------------

I, Dean Freed, having been duly sworn according to law, verifies as follows:

1.      I am Vice President and General Counsel of the plaintiff Mentor
Graphics Corporation, an Oregon corporation, with specific authority to make
this verification on behalf of Mentor Graphics Corporation.

2.      I am the Secretary of the plaintiff Fresno Corporation, a Delaware
Corporation, with specific authority to make this verification on behalf of
Fresno Corporation.

3.      I have personally reviewed the attached Verified Complaint filed by the
Plaintiffs in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware.

4.      Insofar as the matters contained in the Verified Complaint concern the
acts and deeds of the Plaintiffs, I know the allegations to be true and correct.

     5.   Insofar as the matters contained in the Verified Complaint concern the
acts and deeds of persons or entities other than the Plaintiffs, I believe the
allegations to be true and correct.

Sworn to and subscribed before me                    Mentor Graphics Corporation
this 6th day of December, 2001

/s/ Michelle R. Anderson                             By: /s/ Dean Freed
- ------------------------                             ---------------------------
Notary Public for Oregon                             Name:  Dean Freed
                                                     Title: Vice President and
My Commission expires 6-26-2002                             General Counsel

OFFICIAL SEAL
MICHELLE R. ANDERSON
NOTARY PUBLIC-OREGON
COMMISSION NO. 313300
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES JUN 26, 2002

Sworn to and subscribed before me                    Fresno Corporation
this 6th day of December, 2001

/s/ Michelle R. Anderson                             By: /s/ Dean Freed
- ------------------------                             ---------------------------
Notary Public for Oregon                             Name:  Dean Freed
                                                     Title: Secretary
My Commission expires 6-26-2002

OFFICIAL SEAL
MICHELLE R. ANDERSON
NOTARY PUBLIC-OREGON
COMMISSION NO. 313300
MY COMMISSION EXPIRES JUN 26, 2002

EX-99.(D)(1)

f77751ex99-d1.txt

EXHIBIT (D)(1)

                                                                  EXHIBIT (d)(1)

                               IKOS SYSTEMS, INC.

June 16, 2000

Mentor Graphics Corporation
8005 S.W. Boeckman Road
Wilsonville, Oregon 97070-7777

                           CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

Ladies and Gentlemen:

In connection with your possible interest in an acquisition or other business
combination (the "Transaction") involving IKOS, Inc. (the "Company"), you have
requested that we or our representatives furnish you or your representatives
with certain information relating to the Company or the Transaction. All such
information (whether written, electronic or oral) furnished (whether before or
after the date hereof) by us or our directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
representatives (including, without limitation, financial advisors, attorneys
and accountants) or agents (collectively, "our Representatives") to you or your
directors, officers, employees, affiliates, representatives (including, without
limitation, financial advisors, attorneys and accountants) or agents or your
potential sources of financing for the Transaction (collectively, "your
Representatives") and all analyses, compilations, forecasts, studies or other
documents prepared by you or your Representatives in connection with your or
their review of, or your interest in, the Transaction which contain or reflect
any such information is hereinafter referred to as the "Information". The term
Information will not, however, include information which (i) is or becomes
publicly available other than as a result of a disclosure by you or your
Representatives, (ii) is developed independently by Recipient without use of the
Discloser's confidential information; or (iii) is or becomes available to you on
a nonconfidential basis from a source (other than us or our Representatives)
which, to the best of your knowledge after due inquiry, is not prohibited from
disclosing such information to you by a legal, contractual or fiduciary
obligation to us.

Accordingly, you hereby agree that:

     1.   You and your Representatives (i) will keep the Information
          confidential and will not (except as permitted by paragraph 3 below),
          without our prior written consent, disclose any Information in any
          manner whatsoever, and (ii) will not use any Information other than in
          connection with the Transaction; provided,

          however, that you may reveal the Information to your Representatives
          (a) who need to know the Information for the purpose of evaluating
          the Transaction, (b) who are informed by you of the confidential
          nature of the Information and (c) who agree to act in accordance with
          the terms of this letter agreement. You will cause your
          Representatives to observe the terms of this letter agreement, and
          you will be responsible for any breach of this letter agreement by any
          of your Representatives. The term of this agreement is five years.

     2.   Neither party will (except as permitted by paragraph 3 below),
          without the other party's prior written consent, disclose to any
          person the fact that the Information exists or has been made
          available, that you are considering the Transaction or any other
          transaction involving the Company, or that discussions or
          negotiations are taking or have taken place concerning the
          Transaction or involving the Company or any term, condition or other
          fact relating to the Transaction or such discussions or negotiations,
          including, without limitation, the status thereof.

     3.   In the event that you or any of your Representatives are requested
          pursuant to, or required by, applicable law, regulation or legal
          process to disclose any of the Information, you will notify us
          promptly so that we may seek a protective order or other appropriate
          remedy or, in our sole discretion, waive compliance with the terms
          of this letter agreement. In the event that no such protective order
          or other remedy is obtained, or that the Company waives compliance
          with the terms of the letter agreement, you will furnish only that
          portion of the Information which you are advised by counsel is
          legally required and will exercise all reasonable efforts to obtain
          reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the
          Information.

     4.   If you determine not to proceed with the Transaction, you will
          promptly inform the Company of that decision.

     5.   At any time upon the request of the Company or any of our
          Representatives, and in any event upon your decision not to proceed
          with a Transaction, you will either (i) promptly destroy all copies
          of the written or electronic Information in your or your
          Representatives' possession and confirm such destruction to us in
          writing, or (ii) promptly deliver to the Company at your own expense
          all copies of the written Information in your or your
          Representatives' possession. Any oral Information will continue to be
          subject to the terms of this letter agreement.

     6.   You acknowledge that neither we, nor our affiliates, nor our other
          Representatives, nor any of our or their respective officers,
          directors, employees, agents or controlling persons within the
          meaning of Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
          amended, makes any express or implied representation or warranty as
          to the accuracy or completeness of the Information, and you agree
          that no such person will have any liability relating to the
          Information or for any errors therein or omissions therefrom. You
          further agree that you are not entitled to rely on the accuracy or
          completeness

          of the Information and that you will be entitled to rely solely on
          such representations and warranties as may be included in any
          definitive agreement with respect to the Transaction, subject to such
          limitations and restrictions as may be contained therein.

     7.   Each party agrees that, for a period of six months from the date of
          this letter agreement, it will not, directly or indirectly, solicit
          for employment any employee of the other party or any of its
          subsidiaries with whom a party had contact or who became known to
          that party in connection with the Transaction; provided, however,
          that the foregoing provision will not prevent a party from employing
          any such person who contacts the other party on his or her own
          initiative without any direct or indirect solicitation by or
          encouragement.

     8.   You agree that, for a period of six months from the date of this
          Confidentiality Agreement, neither you nor any of your affiliates
          will, without the prior written consent of the Company or the
          Company's Board of Directors: (i) acquire, offer to acquire, or agree
          to acquire, directly or indirectly, by purchase or otherwise, any
          voting securities or direct or indirect rights to acquire any voting
          securities of the Company or any subsidiary thereof, or of any
          successor corporation; (ii) make, or in any way participate in,
          directly or indirectly, any "solicitation" of "proxies" (as such
          terms are used in the Rules of the Securities and Exchange
          Commission) to vote, or seek to advise or influence any person or
          entity with respect to the voting of, any voting securities of the
          Company; (iii) make any public announcement with respect to, or
          submit a proposal for, or offer of any extraordinary transaction
          involving the Company or its securities or assets; (iv) form, join or
          in any way participate in a "group" (as defined in Section 13(d)(3)
          of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) in connection
          with any of the foregoing; provided, however, that the provisions of
          this paragraph 8 shall not apply if during the six month effective
          period of this paragraph the Company shall voluntarily join with any
          other entity in any of the activities listed in clauses (i), (ii),
          (iii) or (iv) above, or if another entity shall announce an intent to
          acquire Company or engage in either of the activities listed in
          clauses (ii) or (iii) above. You will promptly advise the Company of
          any inquiry or proposal made to it with respect to any of the
          foregoing.

     9.   You acknowledge and agree that (a) we and our Representatives are
          free to conduct the process leading up to a possible Transaction as
          we and our Representatives, in our sole discretion, determine
          (including, without limitation, by negotiating with any prospective
          buyer and entering into a preliminary or definitive agreement without
          prior notice to you or any other person). (b) we reserve the right,
          in our sole discretion, to change the procedures relating to our
          consideration of the Transaction at any time without prior notice to
          you or any other person, to reject any and all proposals made by you
          or any of your Representatives with regard to the Transaction, and to
          terminate discussions and negotiations with you at any time and for
          any

        reason, and (c) unless and until written definitive agreement concerning
        the Transaction has been executed, neither we nor any of our
        Representatives will have any liability to you with respect to the
        Transaction, whether by virtue of this letter agreement, any other
        written or oral expression with respect to the Transaction, whether by
        virtue of this letter agreement, any other written or oral expression
        with respect to the Transaction or otherwise.

10.     You acknowledge that remedies at law may be inadequate to protect us
        against any actual or threatened breach of this letter agreement by you
        or by your Representatives, and, without prejudice to any other rights
        and remedies otherwise available to us, you agree that Company may seek
        the granting of injunctive relief in our favor without proof of actual
        damages. In the event of litigation relating to this letter agreement,
        if a court of competent jurisdiction reaches a final, nonappealable
        decision, then the prevailing party shall reimburse the other party for
        its costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees and
        expenses) incurred in connection with all such litigation.

11.     You are aware, and you will advise your Representatives who are informed
        of the matters that are the subject of this letter agreement, of the
        restrictions imposed by the United States securities laws on the
        purchase or sale of securities by any person who has received material,
        non-public information from the issuer of such securities and on the
        communication of such information to any other person when it is
        reasonably foreseeable that such other person is likely to purchase or
        sell such securities in reliance upon such information.

12.     You agree that no failure or delay by us in exercising any right, power
        or privilege hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any
        single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further
        exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power or privilege
        hereunder.

13.     This letter agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance
        with the laws of the State of California applicable to contracts
        between residents of that State and executed in and to be performed in
        that State.

14.     This letter agreement contains the entire agreement between you and us
        concerning the confidentiality of the Information, and no modifications
        of this letter agreement or waiver of the terms and conditions hereof
        will be binding upon you or us, unless approved in writing by each of
        you and us.

Please confirm your agreement with the foregoing by signing and returning to the
undersigned the duplicate copy of this letter enclosed herewith.

                                        Sincerely,

                                        IKOS, Inc.

                                        By: /s/ LARRY MELLING
                                            --------------------------
                                        Name: Larry Melling
                                             -------------------------
                                        Title: VP Business Development
                                              ------------------------

Accepted and Agreed as of the date
first written above:

MENTOR GRAPHICS CORPORATION

By: /s/ Dean Freed
   ---------------------------
Name: VP & Gen. Counsel
     -------------------------
Title: 6/19/2000
      ------------------------

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----