URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/780434/000092701602000275/0000927016-02-000275.txt

ET 1:		1501 ARDMORE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15221-4401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4127312100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1501 ARDMORE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15221-4401

S-4

ds4.txt

FORM S-4

    As Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2002
                                                      Registration No. 333-_____
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    ---------

                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                      UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                    ---------

                                RESPIRONICS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           DELAWARE                                  3842                                25-1304989
(State or other jurisdiction of          (Primary Standard Industrial       (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)            Classification Code Number)

                             1501 ARDMORE BOULEVARD
                         PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA 15221
                                 (412) 731-2100
       (Address, including ZIP code, and telephone number, including area
               code, of registrant's principal executive offices)

                                 JAMES W. LIKEN
                      PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                RESPIRONICS, INC.
                             1501 ARDMORE BOULEVARD
                         PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA 15221
                                 (412) 731-2100
 (Name, address, including ZIP code, and telephone number, including area code,
                              of agent for service)

                                   Copies to:

        STEVEN P. FULTON, ESQ.             DAVID L. DENINNO, ESQ.            THOMAS M. HAYTHE, ESQ.          JOHN J. BUTLER, ESQ.
  VICE PRESIDENT AND GENERAL COUNSEL           REED SMITH LLP                    GENERAL COUNSEL                   TORYS LLP
          RESPIRONICS, INC.                   435 SIXTH AVENUE           NOVAMETRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC.        237 PARK AVENUE
        1501 ARDMORE BOULEVARD         PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA 15219      90 PARK AVENUE, 15/TH/ FLOOR    NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10017
    PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA 15221             (412) 288-3214               NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10016            (212) 880-6321
            (412) 473-4001                                                         (212) 210-9583

APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE OF SECURITIES TO THE PUBLIC:
AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE AFTER THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT BECOMES EFFECTIVE AND
ALL OTHER CONDITIONS OF THE MERGER OF RESPIRONICS HOLDINGS, INC., A WHOLLY-OWNED
SUBSIDIARY OF THE REGISTRANT, WITH AND INTO NOVAMETRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC.
PURSUANT TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT DESCRIBED IN THE ENCLOSED PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS HAVE BEEN SATISFIED OR WAIVED.

         If the securities being registered on this Form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]

         If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [_]

         If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule
462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities
Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration
statement for the same offering. [_]

                         CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

              Title of each class            Amount to be      Proposed Maximum        Proposed Maximum        Amount of
                 of securities              Registered (1)      Offering Price            Aggregate         Registration Fee
                to be registered                                 Per Share (2)        Offering Price (2)
       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Common Stock, $.01 par value per      3,032,860            $36.46              $110,578,076             $10,173.18
                    share(3)

       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      _____________________________________
(1)  The number of shares to be registered is based upon 11,371,802, the maximum
     number of shares of Novametrix common stock presently outstanding and
     subject to stock options and warrants multiplied by the exchange ratio of
     0.2667 shares of Respironics common stock for each share of Novametrix
     common stock.

(2)  Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee
     required by Section 6(d) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The
     registration fee was calculated pursuant to Rule 457(f) and Rule 457(c)
     under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based on $36.46, the
     average of the high and low sales prices of Respironics common stock, as
     reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market on January 14, 2002.

(3)  Rights to purchase units representing fractional shares of Respironics
     common stock, which are attached to and trade with the shares of
     Respironics common stock, are being registered hereby. Value attributed to
     such rights, if any, is reflected in the market price of Respironics common
     stock. Prior to the occurrence of certain events, these rights will not be
     exercisable or evidenced separately from Respironics common stock.

The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates
as may be necessary to delay its effective time until the Registrant shall file
a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement
shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the
Securities Act of 1933 or until this Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a),
may determine.
                   __________________________________________

The information in this proxy statement/prospectus is not complete and may be
changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This proxy
statement/prospectus is not an offer to sell securities and it is not soliciting
an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not
permitted.

                                RESPIRONICS, INC.

                          CROSS-REFERENCE SHEET BETWEEN
                                ITEMS OF FORM S-4
                   AND CAPTIONS IN PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

      Form S-4 Item Number and Caption                                  Caption(s) or Location in Proxy Statement/Prospectus
      --------------------------------                                  ----------------------------------------------------

A.    Information About the Transaction
      ---------------------------------

1.    Forepart of Registration Statement and Outside Front Cover
      Page of Prospectus ...........................................    Facing Page of Registration Statement; Outside Front
                                                                        Cover Page of Proxy Statement/Prospectus

2.    Inside Front and Outside Back Cover Pages of Prospectus ......    Inside front cover page of Proxy Statement/Prospectus;
                                                                        References to Additional Information; Where You Can
                                                                        Find More Information; Novametrix SEC Filings;
                                                                        Respironics SEC Filings; 
3.    Risk Factors, Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Other
      Information ..................................................    Summary; Selected Historical Financial Data; Special
                                                                        Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements; Risk
                                                                        Factors; Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Data of
                                                                        Respironics; Comparative Per Share Data; Historical
                                                                        Market Prices and Dividends; Summary; The Merger;
                                                                        Comparison of Rights of Stockholders

4.    Terms of the Transaction .....................................    Summary; The Merger; Comparison of Rights of
                                                                        Stockholders

5.    Pro Forma Financial Information ..............................    Summary; Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Data of
                                                                        Respironics; Comparative Per Share Data

6.    Material Contacts with the Company Being Acquired ............    Summary; The Merger

7.    Additional Information Required for Reoffering by Persons and
      Parties Deemed to be Underwriters ............................    Not Applicable

8.    Interests of Named Experts and Counsel .......................    Not Applicable

9.    Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for
      Securities Act Liabilities ...................................    Not Applicable

B.    Information About the Registrant
      --------------------------------

10.   Information with Respect to S-4 Registrants ..................    References to Additional Information; Where You Can
                                                                        Find More Information; Summary - The Companies
                                                                        - Respironics; SEC Filings

11.   Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference ............    Where You Can Find More Information; Respironics SEC
                                                                        Filings

12.   Information with Respect to S-2 or S-3 Registrants ...........    Not Applicable

13.   Incorporation of Certain Information By Reference ............    Not Applicable

      Form S-4 Item Number and Caption                                  Caption(s) or Location in Proxy Statement/Prospectus
      --------------------------------                                  ----------------------------------------------------

14.   Information with Respect to Registrants Other than S-2 or S-3
      Registrants ..................................................    Not Applicable

C.    Information About the Company Being Acquired
      --------------------------------------------

15.   Information with Respect to S-3 Companies ....................    References to Additional Information; Where You Can
                                                                        Find More Information; Novametrix SEC Filings; Summary
                                                                        - The Companies - Novametrix

16.   Information with Respect to S-2 or S-3 Companies .............    Not Applicable

17.   Information with Respect to Companies Other than S-2 or S-3
      Companies ....................................................    Not Applicable

D.    Voting and Management Information
      ---------------------------------

18.   Information if Proxies, Consents or Authorizations are to be
      Solicited ....................................................    Where You Can Find More Information; Novametrix SEC
                                                                        Filings; Respironics SEC Filings; Summary; The
                                                                        Novametrix Special Meeting; The Merger-No Appraisal
                                                                        Rights; The Novametrix Meeting-Solicitation of Proxies;
                                                                        The Voting Agreements

19.   Information if Proxies, Consents or Authorizations are Not to
      be Solicited in an Exchange Offer ............................    Not Applicable

               PRELIMINARY PROXY STATEMENT - SUBJECT TO COMPLETION

                                [NOVAMETRIX LOGO]

                                                            February [___], 2002

To the Stockholders of
NOVAMETRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC.

         You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of stockholders
of Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. to be held at [_] a.m., Eastern Standard
Time, on March [_], 2002, at [_], unless postponed or adjourned to a later date.
At the meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to merge
Novametrix and Respironics Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Respironics, Inc. If the merger is completed, Novametrix will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Respironics, Inc.

         Upon successful completion of the merger, you will receive shares of
Respironics common stock in exchange for your shares of Novametrix common stock.
Respironics common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading
symbol "RESP". This tax-free, stock-for-stock transaction is valued at [$_] per
share to Novametrix stockholders based on Respironics' February [_], 2002
closing price of [$_]. The actual exchange ratio will be determined based upon
the weighted average selling price of Respironics common stock during a 20-day
trading period prior to the closing and is subject to a collar as described
below.

         Under the terms of the collar, if Respironics' weighted average selling
price is above $35.00 per share over a 20-day trading period ending three days
prior to the closing of the merger, you will receive Respironics common stock in
an amount equal to $8.75 per share of Novametrix common stock. If Respironics'
weighted average selling price is from $32.00 to $35.00 over the relevant
trading period, you will receive 0.25 shares of Respironics common stock for
each share of Novametrix common stock, resulting in an amount between $8.00 and
$8.75 per share. If Respironics' weighted average selling price is from $30.00
to $31.99, you will receive Respironics common stock in an amount equal to $8.00
per share of Novametrix common stock. If Respironics' weighted average selling
price is below $30.00, you will receive 0.2667 shares of Respironics common
stock for each share of Novametrix common stock unless Novametrix exercises its
right to terminate the merger as provided in the merger agreement with
Respironics Holdings. You will be entitled to receive cash for any fractional
share of Respironics common stock that you would otherwise be entitled to
receive in the merger. You will not recognize gain or loss for federal income
tax purposes as a result of the merger, except with respect to cash received for
fractional shares.

         Your board of directors has approved the merger and the merger
agreement with Respironics Holdings and has determined that the merger and the
merger agreement are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Novametrix
and its stockholders. Accordingly, the Novametrix board of directors recommends
that you vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting.

         Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares you own. We
cannot complete the merger unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Novametrix common stock vote to adopt the merger agreement. Holders of
outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock at the close of business on
February [_], 2002 are entitled to vote at the special meeting. Whether or not
you are able to attend the meeting personally, please complete, sign, date and
return the enclosed proxy card promptly in the accompanying envelope, which
requires no postage if mailed in the United States. You are, of course, welcome
to attend the meeting and vote in person, even if you have previously returned
your proxy card.

         If you fail to return your proxy card or to vote in person at the
meeting, it will have the same effect as a vote against the merger. Regardless
of the number of shares you own, your vote is important.

         The accompanying proxy statement/prospectus provides you with detailed
information about the merger. We encourage you to read this entire document
carefully. In particular, you should carefully consider the discussion in the
section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 21, describing some of the
risks that you should consider in evaluating the merger.

         I look forward to your support.

                                            Sincerely,

                                            William J. Lacourciere
                                            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

         THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION OR AMENDMENT.

         NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES
COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE SHARES OF RESPIRONICS COMMON STOCK TO
BE ISSUED IN THE MERGER OR DETERMINED IF THIS DOCUMENT IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE.
ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

         This proxy statement/prospectus is dated February [__], 2002 and is
expected to be first mailed to Novametrix stockholders on or about
February [__], 2002.

                                [NOVAMETRIX LOGO]

                                _______________

                    Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders
                           to be held March [ ], 2002

                                _______________

                                                        Wallingford, Connecticut
                                                             February [  ], 2002
To the Stockholders of
NOVAMETRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC.:

         A special meeting of the stockholders of Novametrix Medical Systems
Inc. will be held at [ ] on March [ ], 2002 at [ ], Eastern Standard Time,
unless postponed or adjourned to a later date. The purposes of the special
meeting are for you to consider and vote upon:

         1.   A proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of
              December 17, 2001, by and between Novametrix and Respironics
              Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned
              subsidiary of Respironics, Inc. In the merger, Novametrix will
              become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Respironics, and all
              outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock, other than any
              shares held by parties to the merger agreement, will be converted
              into the right to receive a number of shares of Respironics common
              stock pursuant to an exchange ratio to be calculated based on the
              weighted average selling price of Respironics common stock during
              the 20-day trading period ending three days prior to the
              completion of the merger.

         2.   Any other business properly brought before the meeting, including
              any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting, if
              necessary.

         Only holders of record of shares of Novametrix common stock at the
close of business on February [ ], 2002 will be entitled to notice of and to
vote at the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the special
meeting. A list of Novametrix stockholders entitled to vote at the special
meeting will be available during normal business hours at our executive offices
in Wallingford, Connecticut, for at least ten days prior to the special meeting
for examination by any stockholder for any purpose related to the special
meeting.

         Your vote is very important. We cannot complete the merger unless the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock
affirmatively vote to adopt the merger agreement. For more information about the
merger, please review the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, and the
merger agreement attached as Annex A. Novametrix stockholders, including those
who do not vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement, are not entitled
to appraisal rights, and do not have the right to demand payment for their
shares under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware in connection
with the merger.

         All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the special meeting.
Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, you are urged to complete
and sign the enclosed proxy, and return it promptly to Novametrix. At any time
prior to being voted, proxies are revocable by delivering written notice to
Novametrix in accordance with the instructions set forth in the proxy statement
or by voting at the special meeting in person.

         The Novametrix board of directors has approved the merger and the
merger agreement with Respironics Holdings, Inc. and has determined that the
merger and the merger agreement are advisable, fair to and in the best interests
of Novametrix and its stockholders. Accordingly, the Novametrix board recommends
that you vote FOR adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting, as
described in detail in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus.

                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                          Joseph A. Vincent, Secretary

                      REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

         This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Novametrix and Respironics from other documents that
are not included in or delivered with this proxy statement/prospectus. This
information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral
request. You can obtain the documents incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus by accessing the Securities and Exchange Commission's
website maintained at "http://www.sec.gov" or by requesting copies in writing or
by telephone from the appropriate company at the following addresses:

                     RESPIRONICS, INC.                                   NOVAMETRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC.
                    1501 Ardmore Blvd.                                          5 Technology Drive
              Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15221                              Wallingford, Connecticut 06492
                 Telephone (412) 731-2100                                   Telephone: (203) 265-7701
     Attention: Dorita A. Pishko, Corporate Secretary           Attention: Joseph A. Vincent, Corporate Secretary

         If you would like to request documents, please do so by March [_],
2002, five business days prior to the special meeting of Novametrix
stockholders, in order to receive them before the Novametrix special meeting. We
will mail the documents you request by first class mail, or another equally
prompt means, by the next business day after we receive your request.

         See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 84.

                                

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING ..............................................     1

SUMMARY .....................................................................................................     6
   The Companies ............................................................................................     6
   Respironics, Inc. ........................................................................................     6
   Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. ..........................................................................     7
   Respironics Holdings, Inc. ...............................................................................     7
   The Merger Agreement .....................................................................................     7
   Board of Directors Recommendation to Novametrix Stockholders .............................................    12
   Opinion of Novametrix's Financial Advisor ................................................................    12
   The Novametrix Special Meeting ...........................................................................    13
   Vote Required to Adopt the Merger Agreement ..............................................................    13
   The Voting Agreements ....................................................................................    13
   Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger ...............................................................    13
   Stock Market Listing .....................................................................................    14
   Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger .....................................    14
   Accounting Treatment .....................................................................................    14
   No Appraisal Rights ......................................................................................    14
   Material Differences Between Rights of Holders of Common Stock of Respironics and Novametrix .............    14

FINANCIAL SUMMARY ...........................................................................................    15
   Market Price Data ........................................................................................    15
   Selected Historical Financial Data of Respironics ........................................................    16
   Selected Historical Financial Data of Novametrix .........................................................    17
   Selected Respironics and Novametrix Unaudited Proforma Combined Financial Data ...........................    18
   Unaudited Comparative Per Share Data .....................................................................    19
   Historical Market Prices and Dividends ...................................................................    20

RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................    21
   Risks Related to the Merger ..............................................................................    21
   Risks Related to the Combined Businesses of Respironics and Novametrix ...................................    24

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ...........................................................    26

THE MERGER ..................................................................................................    28
   General ..................................................................................................    28
   Background of the Merger .................................................................................    28
   Novametrix's Rationale for the Merger; Recommendation of the Novametrix Board of Directors ...............    30
   Respironics' Rationale for the Merger ....................................................................    32
   Opinion of Novametrix's Financial Advisor ................................................................    33
   Stock Market Listing .....................................................................................    42
   Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger .....................................    42
   Accounting Treatment .....................................................................................    44
   Regulatory Approvals .....................................................................................    44
   No Appraisal Rights ......................................................................................    44
   Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger ...............................................................    45
   Delisting and Deregistration of Novametrix Common Stock ..................................................    47
   Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates of Novametrix ......................................................    47

THE NOVAMETRIX SPECIAL MEETING ..............................................................................    47
   Purpose, Time and Place ..................................................................................    47
   Record Date; Voting Power ................................................................................    47
   Votes Required ...........................................................................................    48

                                       i

   Share Ownership of Management and Certain Stockholders ...................................................    48
   Voting of Proxies ........................................................................................    48
   Revocability of Proxies ..................................................................................    48
   Solicitation of Proxies ..................................................................................    49

THE MERGER AGREEMENT ........................................................................................    50
   General ..................................................................................................    50
   The Merger ...............................................................................................    50
   Charter Documents; Directors and Officers ................................................................    50
   Merger Consideration .....................................................................................    50
   Exchange Ratio ...........................................................................................    50
   Adjustments to Exchange Ratio ............................................................................    51
   Fractional Shares of Respironics Common Stock ............................................................    51
   Stock Options ............................................................................................    51
   Stock Purchase Plan ......................................................................................    51
   Warrants .................................................................................................    52
   Cancellation .............................................................................................    52
   Exchange of Shares of Novametrix Common Stock ............................................................    52
   Representations and Warranties ...........................................................................    53
   Conduct of Business by Novametrix ........................................................................    53
   Conduct of Business by Respironics .......................................................................    54
   No Solicitation ..........................................................................................    55
   Certain Other Covenants ..................................................................................    56
   Consents; Approvals ......................................................................................    56
   Agreements with Respect to Affiliates ....................................................................    57
   Indemnification and Insurance ............................................................................    57
   Further Action/Tax Treatment .............................................................................    57
   Public Announcements .....................................................................................    58
   Shares of Respironics Common Stock .......................................................................    58
   Certain Employee Benefits ................................................................................    58
   Conditions to Completion of the Merger ...................................................................    58
   Termination of the Merger Agreement ......................................................................    61
   Termination Rights .......................................................................................    61
   Termination Fees and Expenses ............................................................................    61
   Amendment and Waiver; Parties in Interest ................................................................    63
   Guarantee ................................................................................................    63

THE VOTING AGREEMENTS .......................................................................................    63
   Agreement to Vote and Proxy ..............................................................................    63
   Restrictions on Voting ...................................................................................    64
   Restrictions on Transfer .................................................................................    64
   Termination ..............................................................................................    64
   Effect of the Voting Agreements ..........................................................................    64

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT OF NOVAMETRIX ....................................................................................    65
   Certain Beneficial Owners ................................................................................    65
   Directors and Executive Officers .........................................................................    66

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA .......................................................    68

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA ..............................................    72

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS ........................................................................    73
   Authorized Capital Stock .................................................................................    73
   Number of Board of Directors .............................................................................    73

                                       ii

   Classification of Board of Directors .....................................................................    73
   Quorum at Board of Directors' Meetings ...................................................................    74
   Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies ................................................................    74
   Removal of Directors .....................................................................................    74
   Officers .................................................................................................    74
   Special Meetings of Stockholders .........................................................................    75
   Quorum at Stockholder Meetings ...........................................................................    75
   Stockholder Action by Written Consent ....................................................................    75
   Advance Notice of Stockholder Proposals for Stockholder Meetings - Content of the Notice .................    75
   Advance Notice of Stockholder Proposals for Stockholder Meetings - Timing of the Notice ..................    76
   Amendment of Governing Documents .........................................................................    77
   Effect of Interested Stockholder Transactions and Fair Price Provision ...................................    78
   Liability of Directors ...................................................................................    80
   Indemnification of Directors and Officers ................................................................    80
   Stockholder Rights Plan ..................................................................................    81

EXPERTS .....................................................................................................    83

LEGAL MATTERS ...............................................................................................    83

SUBMISSION OF FUTURE NOVAMETRIX STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS .......................................................    83

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION .........................................................................    84

NOVAMETRIX SEC FILINGS ......................................................................................    85

RESPIRONICS SEC FILINGS .....................................................................................    85

ANNEXES .....................................................................................................    87

                                       iii

                         QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
                         MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING

Q:   What will happen in the proposed merger?

A:   In the proposed merger, Respironics Holdings, the newly formed subsidiary
     of Respironics will be merged with Novametrix. As a result, Novametrix will
     no longer be a public company and will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
     Respironics. See "The Merger" on pages 28 through 47.

Q:   Why are Novametrix and Respironics proposing the merger?

A:   Novametrix and Respironics believe that the merger will enhance their
     ability to deliver products and programs to their customers in the hospital
     environment as well as customers in the infant care marketplace.
     Additionally, the companies believe that the merger will offer
     opportunities for development and introduction of innovative technologies
     for both new and existing markets. See "The Merger - Novametrix's Rationale
     for the Merger; Recommendation of the Novametrix Board of Directors" on
     pages 30 through 32 and "The Merger - Respironics' Rationale for the
     Merger" on pages 32 and 33.

Q:   Are there risks associated with the merger?

A:   Yes.  We may not achieve the expected benefits of the merger because of,
     for example, the risks and uncertainties discussed in the section entitled
     "Risk Factors" on pages 21 through 26 and the section entitled "Special
     Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" on pages 26 and 27.

Q:   Why is the Novametrix board of directors recommending that I vote for
     adoption of the merger agreement?

A:   In reaching its decision to approve the merger and the merger agreement and
     to recommend adoption of the merger agreement by Novametrix stockholders,
     the Novametrix board of directors considered the performance of Novametrix
     as a stand-alone company in comparison with its performance as part of a
     larger entity. Also, the Novametrix board of directors consulted with the
     Novametrix management, as well as Novametrix's financial and legal
     advisors, and considered the terms of the merger agreement and the
     transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the expected benefits
     of the merger. The Novametrix board of directors unanimously approved the
     merger agreement and the merger, and believes that the terms of the merger
     agreement and the merger are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests
     of, Novametrix and its stockholders.

Q:   What will I receive in the merger?

A:   Upon successful completion of the merger, you will receive shares of common
     stock of Respironics (Nasdaq: RESP) (which we refer to in this proxy
     statement/prospectus as Respironics common stock) in exchange for your
     shares of Novametrix common stock. This tax-free, stock-for-stock
     transaction is valued at [$_] per share to Novametrix stockholders based on
     the February [   ], 2002 closing price of [$_] per share of Respironics
     common stock. The actual exchange ratio will be determined based upon the
     weighted average selling price of Respironics common stock during the
     20-day trading period ending three days prior to the closing and is subject
     to a collar as described below.

     Under the terms of the collar, if the weighted average selling price of
     Respironics common stock is above $35.00 per share over a 20-day trading
     period ending three days prior to the closing of the transaction, you will
     receive Respironics common stock in an amount equal to $8.75 per share of
     Novametrix common stock. If Respironics' weighted average selling price is
     from $32.00 to $35.00 over the relevant trading period, you will receive
     0.25 shares of Respironics common stock for each share of Novametrix common
     stock, resulting in an amount between $8.00 and $8.75 per share. If
     Respironics' weighted average selling price is between $30.00 and $31.99,
     you will receive Respironics common stock in an amount equal to $8.00 per
     share of Novametrix common stock. If Respironics' weighted average selling
     price is below $30.00, you will receive 0.2667 shares of Respironics

     common stock for each share of Novametrix common stock unless Novametrix
     exercises its right to terminate the merger as provided in the merger
     agreement.

     If the closing of the merger were to have occurred on February [_], 2002,
     each issued and outstanding share of Novametrix common stock would have
     been exchanged for [ ] shares of Respironics common stock. Therefore, if
     the closing of the merger were to have occurred on February [_], 2002, for
     each share of Novametrix common stock you would have received Respironics
     common stock having a weighted average selling price during the calculation
     period equivalent to $[_] per share of Novametrix common stock, and the
     total consideration paid to all holders of Novametrix common stock would
     have been Respironics common stock with a total value of $[_] million,
     based on the weighted average selling price during the calculation period.

     For a more complete description of the consideration you will receive, see
     "The Merger Agreement - Merger Consideration" in the Summary on pages 7
     through 9.

Q:   When will I know the actual exchange ratio?

A:   We will issue a press release prior to the closing of the merger that will
     disclose the exchange ratio.

Q:   Will I be able to sell the shares of Respironics common stock I receive in
     the merger?

A:   Yes. All Novametrix stockholders, other than those deemed to be affiliated
     or controlling stockholders, will be free to sell the shares of Respironics
     common stock they receive in the merger. Affiliates of Novametrix will be
     able to sell their shares of Respironics common stock within the limits
     permitted by Rule 145 under the Securities Act.

Q:   What will happen to options or warrants to purchase shares of Novametrix
     common stock?

A:   Each option and each warrant to acquire shares of Novametrix common stock
     outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be
     assumed by Respironics and converted into an option or warrant, as
     applicable, to purchase shares of Respironics common stock. Each option or
     warrant will be exercisable for the same number of shares of Respironics
     common stock as the holder of such option or warrant would have been
     entitled to receive pursuant to the merger had such holder exercised such
     option or warrant in full immediately prior to the effective time of the
     merger at an exercise price per share of Respironics common stock equal to
     the aggregate exercise price for the shares of Novametrix common stock
     otherwise purchasable pursuant to such option or warrant divided by the
     number of full shares of Respironics common stock deemed purchasable
     pursuant to such option or warrant.

Q:   When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A:   We expect to complete the merger as soon as possible after the special
     meeting of Novametrix stockholders called to adopt the merger agreement and
     the satisfaction or waiver of other conditions to the merger, including the
     receipt of any necessary regulatory approvals. We anticipate the merger
     will be completed on or about March [ ], 2002.

Q:   What if the merger is not completed?

A:   If the merger is not completed, Novametrix will continue to operate as an
     independent company, and neither Novametrix nor Respironics will be under
     any obligation to acquire your Novametrix common stock. Novametrix may be
     required to pay a termination fee if the merger is not completed for
     certain reasons described under "The Merger Agreement - Termination of the
     Merger Agreement" on pages 61 through 63.

Q:   What are the tax consequences of the merger to Novametrix stockholders?

A:   The merger has been structured so that Novametrix stockholders will not
     recognize any gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as
     a result of the merger, except with respect to any cash that Novametrix

     stockholders receive in lieu of fractional shares of Respironics common
     stock. The merger will not have any tax consequences for Respironics
     stockholders. In addition, none of Novametrix, Respironics or Respironics
     Holdings will recognize any gain or loss as a result of the merger.

     To review the tax consequences of the merger to the Novametrix stockholders
     in greater detail, see "The Merger - Material United States Federal Income
     Tax Consequences of the Merger" on pages 42 through 44. The tax
     consequences of the merger to you will depend on the specific facts of your
     own situation. You should consult your tax advisor for a full understanding
     of the tax consequences to you of the merger.

Q:   What tax basis will holders of Novametrix common stock have in the
     Respironics common stock they receive in the merger?

A:   Your aggregate tax basis in your shares of Respironics common stock will
     equal your current aggregate tax basis in your Novametrix common stock
     reduced by the amount of basis allocable to fractional shares for which you
     receive a cash payment.

Q:   How will the merger be treated for accounting purposes?

A:   The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method of accounting in
     accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
     States. Accordingly, the cost to acquire Novametrix will be allocated by
     Respironics to the tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based
     on their fair values, with any excess being treated as goodwill and other
     intangible assets.

Q:   Will Respironics stockholders receive any shares as a result of the merger?

A:   No.  Respironics stockholders will continue to hold the Respironics shares
     they currently own.

Q:   On what am I being asked to vote?

A:   You are being asked to vote on the adoption of the merger agreement.

Q:   What other matters will be voted on at the Novametrix special meeting?

A:   It is not expected that other matters will be voted on at the special
     meeting, except possibly procedural business relating to an adjournment or
     postponement of the special meeting if necessary. However, the purposes of
     the special meeting include the conduct of any other business properly
     brought before the meeting.

Q:   What does the Novametrix board of directors recommend?

A:   The Novametrix board of directors has approved the merger and the merger
     agreement and recommends that Novametrix stockholders vote FOR the adoption
     of the merger agreement.

Q:   When and where is the Novametrix special meeting?

A:   The special meeting of Novametrix stockholders to vote on the merger
     agreement will be held at [               ] on March [ ], 2002, at [   ],
     Eastern Standard Time, unless adjourned or postponed to a later date.

Q:   Who can vote on the merger?

A:   Holders of record of Novametrix common stock at the close of business on
     February [ ], 2002, can vote at the special meeting.

Q:   What vote is required to adopt the merger agreement?

     A: The merger agreement must be adopted by the holders of a majority of the
     total number of outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock on February
     [ ], 2002. If you do not vote, it will have the same effect as voting
     against the merger.

Q:   What do I need to do now?

A:   After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
     proxy statement/prospectus, please vote your shares as soon as possible.
     You may vote your shares by signing and mailing the enclosed proxy card.
     You may also vote your shares by calling the toll-free number listed on
     your proxy card and following the recorded instructions or by going to the
     Internet website listed on your proxy card and following the instructions.

Q:   How will my proxy be voted?

A:   If you complete your proxy it will be voted in accordance with your
     instructions. If you sign and send in your proxy but do not indicate how
     you want to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of adoption
     of the merger agreement. If you do not vote either in person or by proxy,
     it will count as a vote against adoption of the merger agreement.

Q:   If my shares are held in "street name" by my broker, will my broker vote my
     shares for me?

A:   Yes, but only if you provide your broker with instructions on how to vote.
     You should instruct your broker to vote your shares, following the
     directions provided by your broker. Without instructions to your broker,
     your shares will not be voted which will have the same effect as a vote
     against adoption of the merger agreement.

Q:   Can I change my vote after I mail my proxy card?

A:   Yes.  You can change your vote at any time before your  proxy is voted at
     the special meeting.  If you are a stockholder of record, you can do this
     by:

     .   prior to the special meeting, delivering to Novametrix's corporate
         secretary at 5 Technology Drive, Wallingford, Connecticut 06492, a
         written notice of revocation bearing a later date or time than the
         proxy;

     .   submitting a later-dated proxy that has been properly executed; or

     .   attending the special meeting and voting in person. However, your
         attendance alone will not revoke your proxy--you must also vote in
         person.

     If you instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow your
     broker's directions for changing those instructions.

Q:   Is my vote important?

A:   Yes.  Your vote is very important. Adoption of the merger agreement
     requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
     outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock.  If you do not vote, it will
     have the same effect as a vote against

     adoption of the merger agreement.

Q:   Should I send in my stock certificates now?

A:   No.  After the merger, Respironics will send you written instructions for
     sending in your Novametrix stock certificates.

Q:   Do I have appraisal rights?

A:   No.  You will not be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the
     merger.  See "The Merger - No Appraisal Rights" on page 44.

Q:   Who can help answer my questions?

A:   If you have any questions about the merger or if you need additional copies
     of this proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy card you should
     contact:

     Novametrix Medical Systems Inc.
     5 Technology Drive
     Wallingford, Connecticut 06492
     Telephone: (203)  265-7701
     Attention: Joseph A. Vincent, Corporate Secretary

Q:   Where can I find more information about the companies?

A:   You can find more information about Novametrix and Respironics from various
     sources described under "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 84.

                                     SUMMARY

         We are sending this proxy statement/prospectus to holders of Novametrix
common stock. This summary highlights selected information from this proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all the information that is important
to you. For a more complete understanding of the merger and for a more complete
description of the terms of the merger, you should read this entire proxy
statement/prospectus carefully, including the merger agreement attached as Annex
A, the opinion of SunTrust Capital Markets, Inc., through its SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey subsidiary (SunTrust Robinson Humphrey) attached as Annex B, and the
additional documents to which we refer. You may obtain the information
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus without charge by
following the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 84. References in this proxy statement/prospectus to
"Respironics" and "Novametrix" include their respective subsidiaries unless
otherwise indicated. We have included page references parenthetically to direct
you to a more complete description of the topics presented in this summary.

The Companies

RESPIRONICS, INC.
1501 Ardmore Blvd.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15221
Telephone: (412) 731-2100

         Respironics, Inc. is a Delaware corporation whose shares are currently
listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol "RESP." Unless the context
indicates otherwise, references in this proxy statement/prospectus to a "fiscal
year" of Respironics refer to the twelve-month period ending on June 30 of the
year indicated.

         Respironics, a recognized resource in the medical device market,
provides innovative products and unique programs to health care providers while
helping them to grow and manage their businesses efficiently. The company's
focus is on home care, hospital and international markets providing programs
that manage sleep disordered breathing, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,
asthma, infant care and restrictive lung disorders.

         Respironics' products are designed to reduce costs while improving the
effectiveness of patient care and are used primarily in the home and in
hospitals along with alternative care facilities and in emergency medical
settings. Respironics' primary product lines are:

         .    homecare products, including continuous positive airway pressure
              devices and bi-level positive airway pressure devices used in the
              home for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea, a serious
              disorder characterized by the repeated cessation of breathing
              during sleep, respiratory devices including bi-level non-invasive
              ventilatory support units, portable invasive volume ventilator
              units used in the home, home oxygen devices, and diagnostic and
              monitoring systems;

         .    hospital products, including bi-level non-invasive ventilatory
              support units, critical care units that can deliver both
              non-invasive and invasive ventilation, and portable invasive
              volume ventilator units, all of which are used in hospital or
              institutional settings; and

         .    asthma and allergy products.

         Globally positioned, Respironics employs over 2,000 individuals
worldwide and has manufacturing facilities in several domestic and international
locations.

         For additional information regarding Respironics, please see
Respironics' Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.  See "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 84.

         The information contained on Respironics' website is not incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.

NOVAMETRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC.
5 Technology Drive
Wallingford, Connecticut 06492
Telephone: (203) 265-7701

         Novametrix is a Delaware corporation whose shares are currently listed
on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol "NMTX."

         Novametrix, founded in 1978, is a leading cardiorespiratory monitoring
company that develops, manufactures and markets proprietary state-of-the-art
non-invasive cardiorespiratory monitors, sensors and disposable accessories. Its
products include electronic medical sensors and monitors that non-invasively
provide continuous measurements of cardiac output, carbon dioxide, oxygen
saturation and respiratory mechanics parameters. Novametrix's non-invasive
technology is consistent with the trend toward cost-effective non-invasive
monitoring and away from invasive monitoring that has many associated
complications, including related infections. Novametrix's products are
distributed worldwide and are used in operating rooms, intensive care units and
emergency departments and during patient transport. Novametrix's non-invasive
sensors and monitoring technology are also incorporated into the products of
several leading manufacturers of multi-parameter monitoring systems.

         In addition to cardiorespiratory monitoring, Novametrix provides
developmental care products and services that improve the quality of care for
premature infants through its Children's Medical Ventures unit. These products,
distributed primarily in the United States, are used in neonatal and pediatric
intensive care units of hospitals and also in the home.

         For additional information regarding Novametrix's business, please see
Novametrix's Form 10-K and other filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 84.

         The information contained on Novametrix's website is not incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.

RESPIRONICS HOLDINGS, INC.
1501 Ardmore Blvd.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15221
Telephone: (412) 731-2100

         Respironics Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is a direct
wholly-owned subsidiary of Respironics that was organized solely for purposes of
completing the merger.

The Merger Agreement (see pages 50 through 63)

         The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement/prospectus. We encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully
and in its entirety. It is the principal document governing the merger.

         Merger Consideration (see page 50). If we complete the merger, you
will receive shares of Respironics common stock (Nasdaq: RESP) in exchange for
your shares of Novametrix common stock.

         The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the
merger, each share of Novametrix common stock will be exchanged for a fraction
of a share of Respironics common stock. This fraction is referred to as the
"exchange ratio." Since the exchange ratio will fluctuate with the market price
of Respironics common stock and be subject to a mechanism commonly referred to
as a "collar" that reduces your exposure to losses and gains from market price
fluctuation within certain market price ranges, the exact number of shares of
Respironics common stock that you will receive is not yet known. The exchange
ratio is calculated based on the weighted average selling price of Respironics
common stock over the 20 trading days immediately preceding (but excluding) the
third trading day prior to the closing of the merger (referred to herein as the
calculation period). The actual number of shares of Respironics

common stock that you will receive in exchange for your shares of Novametrix
common stock will be calculated at the time of the closing of the merger.

         The exchange ratio will be determined at the time of the merger as
follows:

         .    if the weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
              common stock during the calculation period exceeds $35.00, the
              fraction will be $8.75 divided by the weighted average selling
              price;

         .    if the weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
              common stock during the calculation period is equal to or exceeds
              $32.00 and is equal to or below $35.00, the fraction will be 0.25
              shares;

         .    if the weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
              common stock during the calculation period is equal to or exceeds
              $30.00 but is equal to or below $31.99, the fraction will be $8.00
              divided by the weighted average selling price; and

         .    if the weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
              common stock during the calculation period is below $30.00, the
              fraction will be fixed at 0.2667 shares. However, if the weighted
              average selling price of a share of Respironics common stock is
              below $30.00, Novametrix shall have the right to terminate the
              merger agreement. (See "The Merger Agreement - Termination Rights"
              on page 61).

         If the closing of the merger were to have occurred on February [ ],
2002, each issued and outstanding share of Novametrix common stock would have
been exchanged for [ ] of a share of Respironics common stock. Therefore, if the
closing of the merger were to have occurred on February [ ], 2002, for each
share of Novametrix common stock you own, you would have received Respironics
common stock having a weighted average selling price during the calculation
period equivalent to $[ ] per share of Novametrix common stock. In that case,
the total consideration paid to all holders of Novametrix common stock would
have been Respironics common stock with a total value of $[ ] million, based on
the weighted average selling price during the calculation period.

         The following table shows

         .    illustrative values of the exchange ratios that will result if the
              20-day weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
              common stock during the calculation period is within a range of
              $25.00 to $40.00 per share, representing the fraction of a share
              of Respironics common stock that will be issued for one share of
              Novametrix common stock at each of the Respironics 20-day weighted
              average selling prices presented in the table; and

         .    illustrative values of the approximate consideration that would be
              issued in connection with the merger for one share of Novametrix
              common stock, which illustrative values are determined by
              multiplying each of the Respironics 20-day weighted average
              selling prices presented in the table by the corresponding
              exchange ratio.

             RESPIRONICS             APPROXIMATE         APPROXIMATE CONSIDERATION
           WEIGHTED-AVERAGE            EXCHANGE              VALUE PER SHARE OF
            SELLING PRICE               RATIO             NOVAMETRIX COMMON STOCK*
            -------------               -----             ------------------------

               $25.00............       0.2667                     $6.67
                26.00............       0.2667                      6.93
                27.00............       0.2667                      7.20
                28.00............       0.2667                      7.47
                29.00............       0.2667                      7.73
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                30.00............       0.2667                      8.00
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                31.00............       0.2581                      8.00
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                32.00............       0.2500                      8.00
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                33.00............       0.2500                      8.25
                34.00............       0.2500                      8.50

             RESPIRONICS             APPROXIMATE         APPROXIMATE CONSIDERATION
           WEIGHTED-AVERAGE            EXCHANGE              VALUE PER SHARE OF
            SELLING PRICE               RATIO             NOVAMETRIX COMMON STOCK*
            -------------               -----             ------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                35.00............       0.2500                     8.75
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                36.00............       0.2431                     8.75
                37.00............       0.2365                     8.75
                38.00............       0.2303                     8.75
                39.00............       0.2244                     8.75
                40.00............       0.2188                     8.75

- ------------
* See "Fluctuations in Market Price" below.

         For example, using the above table, if the weighted-average selling
price of Respironics common stock was $32.00 during the calculation period and
you owned 100 shares of Novametrix common stock, you would be entitled to
receive 25 shares of Respironics common stock in the merger.

         The values of Respironics common stock in the table above are
illustrative only and do not represent the actual amounts per share of
Novametrix common stock that might be realized by any Novametrix stockholder on
or after completion of the merger. The amount any Novametrix stockholder might
realize upon sale in the market of shares of Respironics common stock received
in the merger will depend upon the market price per share of Respironics common
stock at the time of sale, which will fluctuate depending upon any number of
reasons, including those specific to Respironics and those that influence the
trading prices of equity securities generally.

         Fluctuations In Market Price. Because the Respironics weighted-average
selling price is an average, it is likely to be different from the actual market
value of a share of Respironics common stock on the date Respironics issues
shares of Respironics common stock to Novametrix stockholders. The market value
of shares of Respironics common stock to be issued in exchange for each share of
Novametrix common stock might actually be less than $8.00 on the date
Respironics issues those shares of Respironics common stock even if the
Respironics weighted average selling price is $30.00 or more.

         No Solicitation (see pages 55 through 56). Novametrix has agreed,
subject to certain exceptions, that it will not solicit or knowingly encourage
the initiation of any inquiries or proposals regarding any merger, sale of
assets, sale of shares of capital stock or similar transactions involving
Novametrix or any of its subsidiaries that if consummated would constitute an
"Alternative Transaction." An Alternative Transaction means:

         .    any transaction pursuant to which any third party acquires more
              than 25% of the outstanding shares of any class of Novametrix
              equity securities;

         .    a merger or other business combination involving Novametrix
              pursuant to which any third party acquires more than 25% of the
              outstanding equity securities of Novametrix or the entity
              surviving such merger or business combination;

         .    any transaction pursuant to which any third party acquires or
              would acquire control of assets of Novametrix or any significant
              subsidiary; or

         .    any other consolidation, business combination, recapitalization or
              similar transaction involving Novametrix or any of its significant
              subsidiaries, other than transactions contemplated by the merger
              agreement.

         Conditions to Completion of the Merger (see page 58). The obligations
of the parties to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of certain conditions before the merger will be completed. These include:

        . the effectiveness under the Securities Act of the registration
          statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part and the
          SEC has not issued any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
          registration statement;

        . the adoption of the merger agreement by Novametrix stockholders;

        . the receipt of regulatory approvals and authorizations including under
          the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
          and other required regulatory approvals and authorizations;

        . the absence of any order, stay or other legal restraint of any
          governmental authority enjoining, prohibiting or materially adversely
          affecting either Respironics or Novametrix or of any written threats
          of any litigation or proceeding by any governmental authority which
          seeks to enjoin or prohibit the merger or to impose material damages
          on either party;

        . the absence of any legal prohibition to complete the merger; and

        . the approval for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market of the shares of
          Respironics common stock issuable to Novametrix stockholders.

        The obligation of Respironics Holdings to consummate the merger is
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions before the merger
will be completed. These include:

        . the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Novametrix
          in the merger agreement;

        . the performance by Novametrix of its obligations under the merger
          agreement;

        . the receipt of executed employment agreements from William J.
          Lacourciere, Philip F. Nuzzo, Anthony Pierry and Catherine Bush (all
          of which have been received), which are not terminated, repudiated or
          breached; and

        . the receipt from Respironics' counsel of an opinion that the merger
          will qualify as a tax-free reorganization.

        The obligation of Novametrix to consummate the merger is subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions before the merger will be
completed. These include:

        . the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Respironics
          Holdings in the merger agreement;

        . the performance by Respironics Holdings of its obligations under the
          merger agreement; and

        . the receipt from Novametrix's counsel of an opinion that the merger
          will qualify as a tax-free reorganization.

         The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the
completion of the merger for various reasons. These include:

        . by mutual written consent of Respironics Holdings and Novametrix;

        . by either Respironics Holdings or Novametrix, if:

          . the merger has not been completed by June 17, 2002. However, neither
            party may terminate for this reason if its failure to fulfill any
            obligation is the reason the merger has not been completed; or

          . at any time after a final determination denying any regulatory
            clearance and/or approval required for the merger;

          . Novametrix stockholders have failed to adopt the merger agreement at
            the special meeting;

        . by Respironics Holdings, if:

          . Novametrix materially breaches any of its representations,
            warranties, covenants or agreements and the breach cannot be cured
            within a specified time period; or

          . notice of a regulatory clearance or approval from a government
            authority or agency is received which contains a condition which in
            Respironics' reasonable business judgment is adverse to the best
            interests of the combined entities;

        . by Novametrix, if:

          . Respironics Holdings materially breaches any of its representations,
            warranties, covenants or agreements and the breach cannot be cured
            within a specified time period;

          . the Novametrix board of directors has approved:

            . an inquiry or proposal by a third party to effect any transaction
              pursuant to which the third party would acquire more than 25% of
              the outstanding shares of any class of Novametrix equity
              securities;

            . a merger involving Novametrix pursuant to which any third party
              would acquire more than 25% of the outstanding equity securities
              of Novametrix or the entity surviving such merger;

            . any transaction pursuant to which any third party acquires or
              would control assets of Novametrix or any significant subsidiary;

            . any other consolidation, business combination, recapitalization or
              similar transaction involving Novametrix or any of its significant
              subsidiaries, other than transactions contemplated by the merger
              agreement;

            . after determining, upon the basis of advice of outside
              counsel that such action is necessary in order for the board
              to act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary obligations
              under applicable law; or

            . the 20-day weighted average selling price of a share of
              Respironics common stock during the calculation period is
              less than $30.00. However, Novametrix must exercise this
              right to terminate within two business days following the
              termination of the calculation period.

        Termination Fees and Expenses (see page 61). Novametrix must pay
Respironics a fee of $3,400,000 and must pay up to $425,000 of Respironics'
expenses relating to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, upon
the first to occur of any of the following events:

        . the Novametrix board of directors fails to recommend adoption of the
          merger agreement to the Novametrix stockholders, or withdraws,
          modifies or changes its recommendation of the merger agreement in a
          manner adverse to Respironics or has resolved to do any of the
          foregoing, other than under certain circumstances permitting
          termination of the merger agreement by Novametrix or termination by
          mutual consent;

        . Novametrix terminates the merger agreement after the Novametrix board
          of directors approves:

            . an inquiry or proposal by a third party to effect any transaction
              pursuant to which the third party would acquire more than 25% of
              the outstanding shares of any class of Novametrix equity
              securities;

            . a merger involving Novametrix pursuant to which any third party
              would acquire more than 25% of the outstanding equity securities
              of Novametrix or the entity surviving such merger;

            . any transaction pursuant to which any third party acquires or
              would control assets of Novametrix or any significant subsidiary;

            . any other consolidation, business combination, recapitalization or
              similar transaction involving Novametrix or any of its significant
              subsidiaries, other than transactions contemplated by the merger
              agreement;

            after determining, upon the basis of advice of outside counsel that
            such action is necessary in order for the board to act in a manner
            consistent with its fiduciary obligations under applicable law; or

        . Novametrix executes and delivers an agreement for, or the Novametrix
          board of directors approves, within 12 months following the
          termination of the merger agreement, other than termination under
          certain circumstances permitting termination by Novametrix or
          termination by mutual consent, a transaction involving:

          . a merger or consolidation or any similar transaction involving
            Novametrix or any of its significant subsidiaries;

          . a purchase, lease or other acquisition of all or substantially all
            of the assets of Novametrix or any of its significant subsidiaries;
            or

          . a purchase or other acquisition of securities representing 30% or
            more of the voting power of the common stock of Novametrix or any of
            its significant subsidiaries.

        Except as described above, all fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement will be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not the
merger is consummated.

Board of Directors Recommendation to Novametrix Stockholders (see page 30)

        The Novametrix board of directors has approved the merger agreement,
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and
has determined that the merger and the merger agreement are advisable, fair to
and in the best interests of Novametrix and its stockholders. The Novametrix
board of directors recommends that you vote FOR the adoption of the merger
agreement at the special meeting.

Opinion of Novametrix's Financial Advisor (see page 33)

        Among other factors that the Novametrix board of directors considered
in deciding to approve the merger, the Novametrix board of directors received
and considered an opinion from its financial advisor, SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange
ratio in the merger to the holders of Novametrix common stock. We have attached
to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B the full text of SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey's written opinion, dated December 17, 2001. You should read this
opinion completely to understand the assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken by SunTrust Robinson Humphrey in providing
its opinion. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey's opinion is addressed to the Novametrix
board of directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder
with respect to any matter relating to the proposed merger.

The Novametrix Special Meeting (see page 47)

        The special meeting of Novametrix stockholders will be held at [   ],
Eastern Standard Time, on March [ ], 2002 at [    ] unless adjourned or
postponed to a later date.

        At the special meeting, we will ask the holders of shares of Novametrix
common stock to:

        . adopt the merger agreement; and

        . conduct any other business properly brought before the meeting,
          including any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting, if
          necessary.

Vote Required to Adopt the Merger Agreement (see page 48)

        Novametrix stockholders will vote on a proposal to adopt the merger
agreement. Adoption of this proposal requires the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Novametrix common
stock.

The Voting Agreements (see page 63)

        Certain stockholders of Novametrix, including the directors and
executive officers of Novametrix, representing approximately 9.8% of the voting
power of Novametrix shares as of January 15, 2002, have entered into voting
agreements with Respironics in which they agreed to vote in favor of adoption of
the merger agreement. We have attached a copy of the form of the voting
agreement as Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger (see page 45)

        In addition to their interests as stockholders, the directors and
executive officers of Novametrix may have interests in the merger that are
different from, or in addition to, your interests. These interests exist because
of rights they may have under individual employment agreements, compensation
arrangements, or benefit and bonus plans. These interests include:

        . the payment to certain executive officers of Novametrix of a success
          bonus upon completion of the merger and the acceleration of vesting of
          stock options held by the executive officers;

        . the payment to each director of Novametrix of special compensation of
          $25,000 in recognition of their services to Novametrix, including in
          connection with the proposed merger, and additional grants of stock
          options representing 15,000 shares of Novametrix common stock to each
          director and the acceleration of vesting of stock options held by the
          directors; and

        . the continuance of directors' and officers' liability insurance,
          rights of indemnification and advancement of expenses, in each case,
          for the benefit of current and former Novametrix directors and
          executive officers.

        In addition, Novametrix and Respironics have entered into employment
agreements dated as of December 14, 2001 with each of William J. Lacourciere,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Novametrix, and Philip F.
Nuzzo, Vice President of Product and Business Development of Novametrix. Each of
these employment agreements provides for continued employment of the employee
following completion of the merger.

        The members of the Novametrix board of directors knew of these
additional interests and considered them when they approved the merger.

Stock Market Listing (see page 42)

        Respironics expects to receive authorization, subject to notice of
issuance, from the Nasdaq Stock Market for the listing of the shares of
Respironics common stock to be issued to Novametrix stockholders in connection
with the merger.

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (see page
42)

        The parties have structured the merger so that in general, Respironics,
Respironics Holdings, Novametrix and their respective stockholders will not
recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result
of the merger, except with respect to cash received by Novametrix stockholders
in lieu of fractional shares. It is a condition to the merger that Novametrix
and Respironics receive legal opinions to this effect from their respective tax
counsel.

        The tax consequences of the merger to you will depend on the specific
facts of your own situation. You should consult your tax advisor for a full
understanding of the tax consequences to you of the merger.

Accounting Treatment (see page 44)

        The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. Accordingly, the cost to acquire Novametrix will be allocated by
Respironics to the tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
their fair values, with any excess being treated as goodwill and other
intangible assets.

No Appraisal Rights (see page 44)

        Under Delaware law, Novametrix stockholders will not be entitled to
exercise dissenter's or appraisal rights or to demand payment for their shares
in connection with the merger.

Material Differences Between Rights of Holders of Common Stock of Respironics
and Novametrix (see page 73)

        Novametrix stockholders, whose rights are currently governed by the
Novametrix certificate of incorporation, by-laws, stockholder rights plan and
Delaware law, will, upon completion of the merger, become stockholders of
Respironics, and their rights will be governed by Respironics' certificate of
incorporation, by-laws, stockholder rights plan and Delaware law.

                                FINANCIAL SUMMARY

Market Price Data

        Novametrix common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the
symbol "NMTX". Respironics common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market
under the symbol "RESP". The following table presents:

        . the 20-day weighted average selling price or last reported sale price,
          as applicable, of one share of Respironics common stock, as reported
          on the Nasdaq Stock Market;

        . the 20-day weighted average selling price or last reported sale price,
          as applicable, of one share of Novametrix common stock, as reported on
          the Nasdaq Stock Market; and

        . the value of the consideration to be paid for one share of Novametrix
          common stock on an equivalent per share basis;

in each case on December 11, 2001, the last full trading day prior to
Novametrix's announcement that it was involved in negotiations with a potential
acquiror, on December 18, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the execution of the merger agreement, and on February [_],
2002, the last full trading day prior to the printing of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and assuming that the merger had been completed on these
dates. The equivalent per share data for Novametrix common stock has been
determined by multiplying the 20-day weighted average selling price or last
reported sale price, as applicable, of one share of Respironics common stock on
each of these dates by the applicable exchange ratio.

                                                                                       Value of Consideration To
                                               Respironics          Novametrix           Be Paid Per Share of
                                               Common Stock        Common Stock         Novametrix Common Stock
                                             ------------------  -------------------  ----------------------------

20 day weighted average selling price on
December 11, 2001                                 $31.65              $6.87                      $8.00

20 day weighted average selling price on
December 18, 2001                                  32.10               7.19                       8.03

20 day weighted average selling price on
February [_],2002                                [______]           [______]                   [______]

        As of February [_], 2002, there were approximately [_] record holders of
Novametrix common stock.

        In addition, Novametrix has Class B Warrants that trade on the Nasdaq
Stock Market under the symbol "NMTXZ". The Class B Warrants are each exercisable
for one share of Novametrix common stock at an exercise price of $5.85 and are
scheduled to expire on March 8, 2002. The Class B Warrants are callable by
Novametrix under specified circumstances.

        Neither Respironics nor Novametrix has historically paid dividends on
its common stock. Following the merger, the declaration of dividends will be at
the discretion of the Respironics board of directors. However, Respironics
expects to retain its earnings for the development and expansion of its
business, including acquisitions, and the repayment of indebtedness and does not
anticipate paying dividends on Respironics common stock in the foreseeable
future.

                SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF RESPIRONICS

         We are providing the following financial information to aid you in your
analysis of the financial aspects of the merger. We derived the historical
financial information from the audited financial statements of Respironics for
its fiscal years ended June 30, 1997 through 2001 and the unaudited financial
statements of Respironics for the three months ended September 30, 2001 and
2000. It is Respironics' opinion that the unaudited financial statements include
all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a
fair presentation of the results for the periods. All information is presented
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. The results of Respironics' operations for the three months ended
September 30, 2001 and 2000 are not necessarily indicative of the results of
operations for a full year.

         The following financial information is only a summary. You should read
it together with the historical financial statements and related notes contained
in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the annual reports and other
information that Respironics has filed with the SEC and incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. We have listed the documents
incorporated by reference under the heading "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 84.

                           September 30
                        Three Months Ended                                    Year Ended June 30
                        ------------------           ------------------------------------------------------------------------
For Period Ended:       2001          2000           2001          2000              1999              1998              1997
                        ----          ----           ----          ----              ----              ----              ----

Net Sales           $107,408,622  $ 92,064,204  $422,437,862  $368,184,110      $357,570,743      $351,576,443      $314,541,736

Income Before
Income Taxes,
Restructuring
Charges and
Credits, Merger
Related Costs,
and Other
Non-Recurring
Costs                 13,427,521    10,484,421    54,724,453    37,771,787        40,870,564        45,265,565        46,134,246

Net Income (Loss)      8,102,166     6,290,652    33,571,284     5,752,284 (1)    23,061,484 (2)    (1,824,734) (3)   26,424,752 (3)

Net Income (Loss)
Per Share:
    Basic                   0.27          0.21          1.12          0.19 (1)          0.73 (2)         (0.06) (3)         0.84 (3)
    Diluted                 0.26          0.21          1.09          0.19 (1)          0.72 (2)         (0.06) (3)         0.82 (3)
Cash dividends on
  common stock                 -             -             -             -                 -                 -                 -

At Period End:

Total Assets         372,651,861   355,912,108   367,948,463   352,576,515       343,585,401       318,319,926       294,769,375
Working Capital      182,648,151   157,639,343   171,984,630   155,094,890       155,336,082       137,549,761       110,565,838
Long Term
Obligations           79,917,541   107,831,563    80,055,378   108,095,093        99,374,180        69,316,177        48,984,933
Stockholders'
Equity               245,172,150   197,023,539   235,268,148   191,105,893       194,521,446       200,839,893       191,055,716

(1)  Includes the impact of restructuring charges, an addition to the allowance
     for doubtful accounts, and a one-time reduction in income tax expense.
     These costs reduced net income by $19,611,000 ($0.66 per share) in fiscal
     year 2000.

(2)  Includes the impact of an addition to the allowance for doubtful accounts
     and restructuring charges. These costs reduced net income by $4,449,000
     ($0.14 per share) in fiscal year 1999.

(3)  Includes the impact of merger charges and costs associated with an
     unsolicited offer by another company to acquire Healthdyne Technologies,
     Inc. (which merged with Respironics, Inc. in February 1998). These costs
     reduced net income by $29,095,000 ($0.88 per share) in fiscal year 1998 and
     $1,289,000 ($0.04 per share) in fiscal year 1997.

                SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF NOVAMETRIX

          The selected annual historical consolidated financial data of
     Novametrix presented below was derived from Novametrix's audited annual
     consolidated financial statements. The selected interim historical
     consolidated financial data was derived from Novametrix's unaudited
     condensed consolidated financial statements. The selected consolidated
     financial data is not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for
     any future period and should be read in conjunction with Novametrix's
     consolidated financial statements and Novametrix's "Management's Discussion
     and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," each
     incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus. See "Where
     You Can Find More Information" on page 84.

                           Six Months Ended                                         Fiscal Year Ended
                           ----------------        --------------------------------------------------------------------
                       October 28,     October       April 29,    April 30,       May 2,         May 3       April 27,
For Period Ended           2000          2001        2000 (1)    2000 (2)(3)       1999           1998        1997 (4)
                           ----          ----        --------    -----------       ----           ----        --------

Net sales              $24,789,011   $26,126,855   $54,682,263   $43,682,223   $32,864,673    $31,561,144   $28,253,750
Income before income
  taxes, accounting
  changes and non-
  recurring expenses     2,670,283     2,562,196     5,208,931     3,654,155     2,870,367      3,951,598     3,073,469
Net income               1,722,283     1,653,196       618,677     2,241,281     2,066,667      2,903,598     4,923,559
Net income per share
  Basic                       0.20          0.19          0.07          0.28          0.25           0.35          0.70
  Diluted                     0.19          0.19          0.07          0.27          0.24           0.31          0.59
Cash dividends on
  common stock                   -             -             -             -             -              -             -

At period end
Total assets            44,947,094    53,399,616    49,331,960    47,150,667    35,975,874     31,001,896    27,224,432
Working capital         18,304,779    17,828,858    16,954,750    17,520,691    15,233,539     18,602,648    10,831,127

Long-term debt, less
current portion          2,060,000     4,580,000     3,320,000     5,850,601     2,254,071         90,881       782,275
Redeemable
  preferred stock                -             -             -             -             -              -     1,000,000
Stockholders' equity    33,088,717    32,025,335    31,113,693    30,265,822    24,655,944     27,032,439    18,109,926

  ----------------------

(1)  Fiscal 2001 includes a reduction in income before income taxes and
     non-recurring expenses of $4,249,883 from restructuring and other charges
     recorded during the fourth quarter. Net income for fiscal 2001 was reduced
     by $2,741,117, or $0.31, per basic and diluted share.

(2)  Fiscal 2000 includes a reduction in first quarter earnings of $223,544, or
     $.03 per basic and diluted share, from the cumulative effect of a change in
     accounting principle. Statement of Position 98-5, "Reporting on the Costs
     of Start-Up Activities", was adopted by the Company on May 3, 1999 and
     required that start-up costs previously capitalized be written-off and
     future startup costs be expensed as incurred.

(3)  Reflects the acquisition of Children's Medical Ventures, Inc. on June 30,
     1999.

(4)  Fiscal 1997 includes income tax benefits of $4,030,000, or $0.58 per basic
     share and $0.49 per diluted share, as a result of a reduction in the
     Company's net deferred tax asset valuation allowance. Net income also
     includes non-recurring expenses of $2,149,910, or $0.31 per basic share and
     $0.26 per diluted share, pertaining to an attempted merger and related
     proxy contest.

                  SELECTED RESPIRONICS AND NOVAMETRIX UNAUDITED
                        PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
information sets forth the combined results of operations for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2001 and the quarter ended September 30, 2001, as if the merger
had occurred at the beginning of the periods stated, and the financial position
as of September 30, 2001 as if the merger had occurred as of that date.
Novametrix has a fiscal year end, ending on the Sunday closest to April 30,
which differs from Respironics' June fiscal year end, and accordingly the
companies' fiscal quarters also end on different dates. In order to develop
unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements using Respironics'
fiscal year and quarter end dates, Respironics' September 30, 2001 unaudited
balance sheet was combined with Novametrix's October 28, 2001 unaudited balance
sheet, Respironics' quarter ended September 30, 2001 unaudited income statement
was combined with Novametrix's quarter ended October 28, 2001 unaudited income
statement, and Respironics' fiscal year end June 30, 2001 income statement was
combined with Novametrix's fiscal year end April 29, 2001 income statement.

         The pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes only
and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position
that would have actually occurred if the merger had been consummated at the
beginning of the periods stated, nor is it necessarily indicative of future
operating results or financial position. See "Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
Condensed Financial Data" on page 68 for additional information.

                      (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data)

                                                                                                Fiscal Year
                                                                        Quarter Ended              Ended
                                                                     September 30, 2001        June 30, 2001
                                                                    ----------------------     ---------------

    Income Statement Data:

        Net Sales                                                          $118,931              $477,120

        Income Before Income Taxes and Restructuring Charges                 14,176                58,180

        Net Income                                                            8,606                33,049

        Diluted Net Income Per Share                                           0.25                  0.99

    Balance Sheet Data (End of Period)

        Total Assets                                                        469,462

        Working Capital                                                     196,953

        Long Term Obligations                                                81,978

        Stockholders' Equity                                                335,348

                      UNAUDITED COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

         The following table sets forth certain historical and pro forma per
share data of Respironics and certain historical and pro forma equivalent per
share data of Novametrix. The pro forma combined and pro forma equivalent data
is based upon an exchange ratio of 0.2667 shares of Respironics common stock for
each share of Novametrix common stock outstanding immediately prior to the
merger. The pro forma equivalent data for Novametrix is calculated by
multiplying the Respironics pro forma combined amounts by the exchange ratio.
The following data is presented for informational purposes only and is not
necessarily indicative of the results that actually would have occurred if the
merger had been in effect during the periods presented nor is such data
necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial position. We
cannot assure you that the actual exchange ratio will be equivalent to the
exchange ratio assumed for the purposes of this table. See "Summary-The Merger
Agreement" on page 7 for more information regarding the exchange ratio.

         The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with the
selected historical financial data of Respironics and Novametrix included
elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. See "Financial Summary - Selected
Historical Financial Data of Respironics" on page 16, "Financial Summary -
Selected Historical Financial Data of Novametrix" on page 17 and "Where You Can
Find More Information" on page 84.

                                                      Three months ended            Fiscal year ended
                                                      September 30, 2001              June 30, 2001
                                                    ------------------------     ------------------------

         Respironics:

         Net income per common share
              Historical                                   $  0.26                       $ 1.09
              Pro forma combined                              0.25                         0.99

         Cash dividend

              Historical                                       -0-                          -0-
              Pro forma combined                               -0-                          -0-

         Book value per share at end of period
              Historical                                      8.05                         7.75
              Pro forma combined                             10.22                         9.86

         Novametrix:

         Net income per common share
              Historical                                      0.09                         0.07
              Pro forma equivalent                            0.07                         0.26

         Cash dividend
              Historical                                       -0-                          -0-
              Pro forma equivalent                             -0-                          -0-

         Book value per share at end of period
              Historical                                      3.77                         3.57
              Pro forma equivalent                            2.73                         2.64

                     HISTORICAL MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

         Novametrix common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the
symbol "NMTX". Respironics common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under
the symbol "RESP". The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated,
the range of high and low sales price per share for Novametrix common stock and
Respironics common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, based on published
financial sources. No dividends were paid by Novametrix or Respironics during
any period indicated below. For current price information, Novametrix
stockholders are urged to consult publicly available sources.

                                                       Novametrix Common Stock          Respironics Common Stock
                                                       -----------------------          ------------------------

                                                      High Sale         Low Sale       High Sale         Low Sale
                                                      ---------         --------       ---------         --------

Fiscal 2002 (1)
    July 2001-September 2001 ........................     $7.10             $5.12          $37.00          $27.75
    October 2001-December 2001 ......................      8.25              5.98           37.05           30.54
    January 2002-February [_], 2002 .................    [____]            [____]          [____]          [____]

Fiscal 2001 (1)
    July 2000-September 2000 ........................     $7.25             $5.38          $19.13          $16.25
    October 2000-December 2000 ......................      6.13              3.50           34.00           15.69
    January 2001-March 2001 .........................      5.50              3.88           30.75           22.94
    April 2001-June 2001 ............................      6.35              4.06           35.13           26.19

Fiscal 2000 (1)
    July 1999-September 1999 ........................     $5.19             $3.19          $15.13          $ 8.13
    October 1999-December 1999 ......................      5.88              3.00            8.69            7.50
    January 2000-March 2000 .........................      8.50              4.31           15.94            7.94
    April 2000-June 2000 ............................      6.97              4.63           18.00           11.25

(1) Data conformed to Respironics' fiscal years. Novametrix's fiscal year ends
on the Sunday closest to April 30 of each year.

         The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the range of
high and low sales price per share for the Respironics common stock and
Novametrix common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, based on published financial
sources, respectively, on December 11, 2001, the last full trading day prior to
Novametrix's announcement that it was involved in negotiations with a potential
acquiror, on December 18, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the execution of the merger agreement, and on February [_],
2002, the last full trading day prior to the printing of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

                                       Novametrix Common Stock                   Respironics Common Stock
                                       -----------------------                   ------------------------

                                    High Sale             Low Sale             High Sale            Low Sale
                                    ---------             --------             ---------            --------

   December 11, 2001                 $7.39                $7.23                 $32.75              $31.36
   December 18, 2001                  7.58                 7.40                  35.00               34.26
   February [_], 2002

                                  RISK FACTORS

     By voting to adopt the merger agreement, Novametrix stockholders will be
choosing to invest in Respironics common stock. An investment in Respironics
common stock involves risk. In addition to the other information contained in or
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, you should
carefully consider the following risk factors before deciding whether to vote
for the merger. If any of the following risks actually occurs, the business and
prospects of the combined Respironics and Novametrix may be adversely affected.
In such case, the trading price of Respironics common stock could decline and
you could lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to the Merger

     The dollar value of the consideration that Novametrix stockholders will
receive in the merger may decrease between now and the completion of the merger
due to changes in the market value of Respironics common stock.

     The exchange ratio is based on the market price for Respironics common
stock and will not be determined until shortly before the completion of the
merger.

     The market prices for the Respironics common stock cannot be predicted and
you should obtain current market quotations of the Respironics common stock,
which is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol "RESP".

     The exchange ratio will be determined at the time of the merger as follows:

     .    If Respironics' weighted average stock price is above $35.00 during
          the 20-day trading period ending three days prior to the closing of
          the merger, Novametrix stockholders will receive Respironics common
          stock in an amount equal to $8.75 per Novametrix share.

     .    If Respironics' weighted average stock price is between $32.00 and
          $35.00 during the 20-day trading period ending three days prior to the
          closing of the merger, Novametrix stockholders will receive 0.25
          shares of Respironics common stock for each share of Novametrix common
          stock, resulting in an amount between $8.00 and $8.75 per Novametrix
          share.

     .    If Respironics' weighted average stock price is between $30.00 and
          $31.99 per share during the 20-day trading period ending three days
          prior to the closing of the merger, Novametrix stockholders will
          receive Respironics common stock in an amount equal to $8.00 per
          Novametrix share.

     .    If Respironics' weighted average stock price is below $30.00 per share
          during the 20-day trading period ending three days prior to the
          closing of the merger, Novametrix stockholders will receive 0.2667
          shares of Respironics common stock for each share of Novametrix common
          stock, unless Novametrix exercises its right to terminate the merger.

     Because the exchange ratio will not be determined until the third trading
day before the completion of the merger, if you wish to vote by proxy and have
your vote counted at the special meeting, you will have to decide whether or not
to vote for adoption of the merger agreement and the issuance of Respironics
shares in the merger before knowing the actual exchange ratio. Changes in the
price of Respironics common stock between the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus and the third trading day before the closing of the merger
may cause the actual exchange ratio to vary significantly. The actual market
value of a share of Respironics common stock at the time of the closing of the
merger could be substantially different, including substantially less, than the
Respironics weighted average stock price during the 20-day period ending three
days prior to the closing of the merger. Because the date the merger is
completed will be later than the date of the special meeting, Novametrix
stockholders will not necessarily know the market value of the combined
Respironics common stock that they will receive in the merger at the time they
vote on the merger. See "The Merger Agreement - Merger Consideration" in the
Summary on pages 7 through 9.

     The risk of failing to successfully integrate Respironics and Novametrix
may result in the combined companies not achieving the anticipated potential
benefits of the merger.

     The merger involves the combination of two companies that have previously
operated independently. Among the factors considered by the Respironics board of
directors and the Novametrix board of directors in connection with their
approval of the merger agreement were the opportunities for operating
efficiencies that they expect will ultimately result from the merger. The
integration of the companies' operations following the merger will require the
dedication of management resources in order to achieve the anticipated operating
efficiencies of the merger. While Respironics and Novametrix expect to achieve
savings in operating costs as a result of the merger, we cannot assure you that
difficulties encountered in integrating the operations of Respironics and
Novametrix will be overcome or that the benefits expected from such integration
will be realized. The difficulties of combining the companies' operations
include the necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations,
integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and combining different
corporate cultures. The process of integrating operations could cause an
interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of either or both of the
combined companies' businesses. The diversion of management's attention and any
difficulties encountered in connection with the merger and the integration of
the two companies' operations could have an adverse effect on the business,
revenues, level of expenses and operating results of the combined companies.

     Respironics and Novametrix may not achieve the benefits they expect from
the merger.

     Respironics and Novametrix entered into the merger agreement with the
expectation that the merger will result in significant benefits to the combined
companies. Achieving the benefits of the merger depends on the timely, efficient
and successful execution of a number of post-merger events. Key events include:

     .    offering the existing products and services of each company to the
          other company's customers; and

     .    developing new products and services for both companies' respective
          customers.

     The execution of these post-merger events will involve risk and may not be
successful.

     Existing products and services. Respironics initially intends to offer each
company's products and services to the customers of the other company. We cannot
assure you that either company's customers will have any interest in the other
company's products and services. The failure of these cross-marketing efforts
would diminish the synergies expected to be realized by the merger.

     New products and services. Respironics intends to develop new products and
services. We cannot assure you that Respironics will be able to overcome the
technological, market-driven or other obstacles in developing new products and
services, or that there will be a market for any new products or services
developed by Respironics after the merger.

     Respironics and Novametrix cannot offer you any assurances that they can
successfully integrate or realize the anticipated benefits of the merger. A
failure to do so could adversely affect the combined companies' business,
financial condition and operating results or could result in the loss of key
personnel or customers. In addition, the diversion of management's attention
from other important issues could adversely affect the combined companies.

     The market price of Respironics common stock may decline as a result of the
merger.

     The market price of Respironics common stock may decline as a result of the
merger for a variety of reasons, including if:

     .    the integration of Respironics and Novametrix is unsuccessful;

     .    Respironics does not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as
          rapidly as, or to the extent anticipated by, financial or industry
          analysts; or

     .    the effect of the merger on Respironics' financial results is not
          consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.

     If the merger does not occur, Respironics will not benefit from the
expenses it has incurred in the pursuit of the merger.

     Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact Novametrix's stock
price and future business and operations.

     If the merger is not completed for any reason, Novametrix may be subject to
a number of material risks, including the following:

     .    Novametrix may be required to pay Respironics a fee of $3,400,000,
          plus up to $425,000 of Respironics' expenses relating to the merger;

     .    the price of Novametrix common stock may decline to the extent that
          the current market price of Novametrix common stock reflects a market
          assumption that the merger will be completed; and

     .    expenses related to the merger must be paid even if the merger is not
          completed and Novametrix will not benefit from the expenses it has
          incurred in the pursuit of the merger.

     In addition, Novametrix customers and suppliers may, in response to the
announcement of the merger, delay or defer decisions concerning Novametrix or
cease doing business with Novametrix. Any delay in or deferral of those
decisions by Novametrix customers or suppliers or any decision by Novametrix
customers or suppliers to cease doing business with Novametrix could have a
significant adverse effect on Novametrix, regardless of whether the merger is
ultimately completed. Similarly, current and prospective Novametrix employees
may experience uncertainty about their future roles with Respironics until
Respironics' strategies with regard to Novametrix are announced or executed.
This may adversely affect Novametrix's ability to attract and retain key
management, sales, marketing and technical personnel.

     Further, if the merger agreement is terminated and Novametrix's board of
directors determines to seek another merger or business combination, it is not
certain that Novametrix will be able to find a partner willing to pay an
equivalent or more attractive price than the price to be paid in the merger.
Also, while the merger agreement is in effect, Novametrix is generally
prohibited from soliciting, initiating, encouraging or entering into
extraordinary transactions, such as a merger, sale of assets or other business
combination, with any other party.

     The historical earnings of Respironics will be diluted by the merger.

     The merger and the transactions contemplated thereby have a dilutive effect
on Respironics' historical net income per share on a pro forma combined basis
for the year ended June 30, 2001 and the three months ended September 30, 2001.
The "Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statements of Income" on pages 68
through 72 illustrate the effect of the merger on historical net income per
share for the year ended June 30, 2001 and the three months ended September 30,
2001. On a historical basis for Respironics, net income per share was $1.09 for
the year ended June 30, 2001 and $0.26 for the three months ended September 30,
2001, as compared to $0.99 and $0.25 for the year ended June 30, 2001 and the
three months ended September 30, 2001, respectively, on a pro forma basis for
the combined companies, assuming an exchange ratio of 0.2667.

     Substantial sales of Respironics common stock could occur after the merger
and cause fluctuations in the market price of the stock.

     After the merger and assuming the conversion of the _______ shares of
Novametrix common stock outstanding on the Novametrix record date to shares of
Respironics common stock, approximately ________ of the shares of Respironics
common stock issued to Novametrix stockholders will be freely tradable and an
additional _______ shares of Respironics common stock will be tradable under
Rules 144 and 145 under the Securities Act. As a result, substantial sales of
Respironics common stock could occur after the merger, including sales by those

     Novametrix stockholders and current Respironics stockholders. Sales of a
substantial number of such shares of Respironics common stock could adversely
affect or cause substantial fluctuations in the market price of Respironics
common stock and impair Respironics' ability to raise additional capital through
the sale of its equity securities.

     The market prices of Respironics common stock and Novametrix common stock
are, and are expected to continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations in
response to variations in quarterly operating results, announcements of products
and developments by competitors, trends in the health care industry in general
and the medical device industry in particular, and certain other factors beyond
the control of Respironics and Novametrix.

     The combined companies will be dependent on key personnel.

     The success of the combined companies is dependent upon the retention,
training and management of qualified employees, including key employees.
Competition for qualified sales, technical and other personnel is intense, and
we cannot assure you that the combined companies will be able to attract,
assimilate or retain highly qualified employees in the future. If the combined
companies are unable to retain and hire such personnel, its business, operating
results and financial condition may be adversely affected. Additions of new and
departures of existing personnel, particularly in key positions, can be
disruptive and have a material adverse effect on the combined companies'
business, operating results and financial condition. See "The Merger - Interests
of Certain Persons in the Merger - Employment Agreements" on pages [ ] through
[ ] for a description of employment agreements to be entered into in connection
with the merger.

Risks Related to the Combined Businesses of Respironics and Novametrix

     Pricing pressure and health care reform may adversely affect the combined
business.

     The health care industry in the United States is experiencing a period of
extensive change. Changes in the law or new interpretations of existing laws may
affect the definition of permissible or impermissible activities, the relative
costs associated with doing business, the extent of coverage and the amount of
reimbursement by both government and third party payors. In addition, economic
forces, regulatory influences and political initiatives are subjecting the
health care industry to fundamental change. The health care industry is
experiencing market-driven reforms from forces within the industry that are
exerting pressure on health care companies to reduce health care costs. These
market-driven changes are resulting in industry-wide consolidation that may
increase the downward pressure on health care product margins, as larger buyer
and supplier groups exert pricing pressure on providers of medical devices and
other health care products. The ultimate timing or effect of legislative efforts
and market driven reforms cannot be predicted, and may impact the business of
the combined companies. We cannot assure you that any such efforts or reforms
will not have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations or
financial condition of the combined companies.

     The combined companies will be dependent on third parties.

     The businesses of Respironics and Novametrix depend upon relationships with
durable medical equipment manufacturers and distributors, hospitals, hospital
groups, purchasing organizations, physicians, physician groups, home health care
organizations, long-term care facilities, and other institutional health care
providers. We cannot assure you that the combined companies will be able
successfully to maintain and develop these third party relationships, or that
certain relationships will not be adversely affected by the merger. The loss of
or damage to existing relationships, or the failure to continue to develop
relationships of these kinds, could have a material adverse effect on the
business, results of operations and financial condition of the combined
companies after the merger.

     The businesses of Respironics and Novametrix are also dependent to a large
extent upon the ability of customers to obtain adequate reimbursement from third
party payors, such as government and private insurance programs, for reselling
and renting products and performing procedures using the products of the two
companies. Governmental initiatives focused on achieving cost-effective health
care delivery could adversely affect the business of the combined companies.

     Managed care organizations have grown substantially in terms of the
percentage of the population in the United States that receives medical benefits
through such organizations. In addition, these organizations are continuing to
consolidate, and such consolidation may increase the ability of such
organizations to influence the practices and pricing involved in the purchase of
medical devices, including those sold by the combined companies after the
merger.

     The cost and uncertainty of regulatory compliance may adversely affect the
combined business.

     The business, financial condition and results of operations of the combined
business could be materially and adversely affected by any of the following
events, circumstances or occurrences related to the regulatory process:

     .    delays in initiating or completing clinical trials or in the receipt
          of regulatory approvals;

     .    the failure to obtain regulatory approvals for products;

     .    significant limitations in the indicated uses for which approved
          products may be marketed; or

     .    substantial costs incurred in obtaining such approvals.

     There has been a trend in recent years both in United States and outside
the United States toward more stringent regulation of, and enforcement of
requirements applicable to, medical device manufacturers. At the present time,
there are no meaningful indications that this trend will change in the near term
or the long-term, either in the United States or abroad.

     The uncertainty related to patents and proprietary rights may adversely
affect the combined business.

     The medical device industry has been characterized by extensive litigation
regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies in the
medical device industry have employed intellectual property litigation to gain a
competitive advantage. While Novametrix and Respironics periodically review the
scope of their patents and other relevant patents of which they are aware, the
question of patent infringement involves complex legal and factual issues. Any
conclusion regarding infringement may not be consistent with the resolution of
any such issues by a court. We cannot assure you that the business, results of
operations or the financial condition of the combined companies will not suffer
an adverse impact as a result of intellectual property claims that may be
commenced against the combined companies in the future.

     The combined companies will be subject to intense competition, as
technology and markets are changing rapidly.

     The medical device industry is characterized by rapidly evolving technology
and increased competition. Competitors of Respironics and Novametrix include
large medical companies, some of which have greater financial and technical
resources and broader product lines than Respironics and Novametrix, even on a
combined basis. There are a number of companies that currently offer, or are in
the process of developing, products that compete with products offered by
Respironics and Novametrix. Some of these competitors may have greater capital
resources, research and development staffs and experience in the medical device
industry. We cannot assure you that some of these competitors will not succeed
in developing technologies and products that are more effective than those
currently used, produced or sold by Respironics and Novametrix or that would
render some products offered by Respironics and Novametrix obsolete or
non-competitive.

     The combined companies will be dependent upon new product development.

     As existing products of Respironics and Novametrix become more mature and
their existing markets become more crowded, the importance to the combined
companies after the merger of developing or acquiring new products will
increase. The development of any such products will entail considerable time and
expense, including research and development costs or acquisition costs and the
time and expense required to obtain necessary

regulatory approvals. We cannot assure you that such development activities will
yield products that can be commercialized profitably or that any product
acquisitions can be consummated on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any
failure to acquire or develop new products to supplement more mature products
could have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations and
financial condition of the combined companies.

     Product liability exposure may adversely affect the combined business.

     Because many of the products of both Respironics and Novametrix are
intended to be used in health care settings on patients who may be seriously or
critically ill, both companies are exposed to potential product liability
claims. Although both companies currently maintain significant levels of product
liability insurance coverage and Respironics plans to continue such coverage
after the merger, we cannot assure you that such product liability insurance
will continue to be available or that product liability claims will not have an
adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of
the combined companies.

     Respironics and Novametrix produce and sell their products internationally
which subjects the combined business to risks of transacting business in foreign
countries.

     Because sales of products by Respironics and Novametrix are often made
outside the United States and Respironics has foreign manufacturing operations
in the Peoples Republic of China and the Philippines, the international revenue
of the combined companies and the cost of goods sold are subject to the
following risks:

     .    foreign currency fluctuations;

     .    economic or political instability;

     .    foreign tax laws;

     .    shipping delays;

     .    various tariffs and trade regulations;

     .    restrictions and foreign medical regulations;

     .    customs duties, export quotas or other trade restrictions; and

     .    difficulty in protecting intellectual property rights.

     Any of these factors could adversely affect the business, financial
condition and results of operations of the combined companies.

                SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     Certain forward-looking statements in this document are subject to risks
and uncertainties. These statements may be made directly in this document or may
be "incorporated by reference" from other documents filed with the SEC.
Forward-looking statements include information regarding synergies,
efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements, projected funds from
operations, asset portfolios and the timetable for completion of the merger.

     Forward-looking statements in this document or those documents incorporated
by reference also include, among other things, statements regarding the intent,
belief or expectations of Respironics or Novametrix and frequently can be
identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "should," "believes,"
"expects," "anticipates," "intends," "estimates" and other comparable terms. For
those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

     You should understand that the following important factors, in addition to
those risk factors discussed elsewhere in this document and in the documents
which are incorporated by reference, could affect the future results of
Respironics, Novametrix, and the combined companies after completion of the
merger, and could cause actual results or other outcomes to differ materially
from those expressed in our forward-looking statements:

     .    competitive pressures among health care products manufacturers,
          distributors and service providers may increase significantly;

     .    general economic or business conditions, either internationally,
          nationally or in the states in which Respironics or Novametrix are
          doing business, may be less favorable than expected resulting in,
          among other things, a reduced demand for health care products and
          services;

     .    legislative or regulatory changes may adversely affect the business of
          Respironics or Novametrix; and

     .    changes may occur in the securities markets.

     All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to
Respironics, Novametrix or any person acting on their behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred
to in this section. Neither Respironics nor Novametrix undertakes any obligation
to release publicly any revisions to the forward-looking statements in this
proxy statement/prospectus to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

                                   THE MERGER

     The discussion in this proxy statement/prospectus of the merger and the
principal terms of the merger agreement is subject to, and qualified in its
entirety by reference to, the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to
this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A and is incorporated by reference into
this proxy statement/prospectus.

General

     Novametrix is furnishing this proxy statement/prospectus to you in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Novametrix board of directors
for use at the special meeting of Novametrix stockholders to be held on
March [ ], 2002, and at any adjournments or postponements of the special
meeting. Respironics is furnishing this proxy statement/prospectus to you in
connection with its offer to issue shares of Respironics common stock in
exchange for your shares of Novametrix common stock.

     At the special meeting, you will be asked to vote upon a proposal to adopt
the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 17, 2001 by and between
Novametrix and Respironics Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of Respironics.

Background of the Merger

     The Novametrix board of directors, as part of its ongoing oversight and
planning functions, has from time to time considered various financial and other
alternatives that might be available to increase the value of Novametrix to its
stockholders. In connection with these ongoing reviews, the Novametrix board of
directors met during the spring of 2001 to assess various possible strategic
alternatives available to Novametrix to increase stockholder value, including a
sale or business combination or the continued operation of Novametrix as a stand
alone entity under its then current business plan.

     At a meeting of the Novametrix board of directors held in March 2001,
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey presented its preliminary analysis of strategic
alternatives available to Novametrix. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey discussed with
the Novametrix board of directors its preliminary views on an appropriate
valuation of Novametrix and its analysis of other related matters. Following
these discussions, the Novametrix board of directors directed SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey to undertake a more detailed valuation analysis and to undertake with
Novametrix management the identification of third parties who might have an
interest in acquiring Novametrix. Novametrix's management and SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey then identified a number of third parties who might have an interest in
acquiring Novametrix.

     At a meeting of the Novametrix board of directors held on April 6, 2001,
the board authorized preliminary discussions with financial advisors to advise
the board on its strategic alternatives. On May 24, 2001, Novametrix engaged an
investment banking firm, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, to assist Novametrix in its
consideration of various strategic alternatives, including a possible sale of
Novametrix.

     Beginning in June 2001, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey approached 14 potential
buyers, including Respironics, in an effort to ascertain, on a preliminary
basis, their level of interest in acquiring Novametrix. The companies contacted
were chosen based on a variety of factors, including perceived interest in the
businesses in which Novametrix operates, familiarity with the medical device
industry, financial position and ability to consummate an acquisition of
Novametrix. Those entities expressing an interest in pursuing a possible
transaction were asked to sign agreements to protect the confidential nature of
the material prepared by Novametrix management to be provided to these parties.
Ten companies, including Respironics, signed confidentiality agreements and, in
July 2001, received a confidential memorandum prepared by Novametrix management.

     In July 2001, Respironics engaged Parker/Hunter Incorporated as its
financial advisor in connection with the potential acquisition of Novametrix.

     On July 10, 2001, representatives of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey made a
presentation to the Novametrix board of directors with respect to the status of
the discussions and meetings with potential bidders. At the meeting, SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey discussed a proposed timetable for the sale of Novametrix and
questions, comments and indications of possible interest being received from
potential bidders.

     Between July 30, 2001 and August 13, 2001, Novametrix and its financial
advisors hosted introductory meetings in New York with each of the potential
acquirors of Novametrix. An introductory meeting with Respironics was held on
July 31, 2001. Senior representatives from both Novametrix and Respironics
attended this meeting, including Craig B. Reynolds, Executive Vice President and
Chief Operating Officer of Respironics, Daniel J. Bevevino, Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of Respironics and Paul L. Woodring, President-Hospital
Division of Respironics, as well as William J. Lacourciere, Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer of Novametrix, Thomas M. Patton, President and
Chief Operating Officer of Novametrix, Joseph A. Vincent, Chief Financial
Officer of Novametrix and Philip F. Nuzzo, Vice President - Business and Product
Development of Novametrix. Messrs. Lacourciere, Patton, Vincent and Nuzzo made a
presentation discussing Novametrix's business, customers, industry, and
historical and projected financial performance. After this presentation, Messrs.
Lacourciere, Patton, Vincent and Nuzzo answered questions and provided a broad
overview as to how a potential combination may improve both Novametrix's and
Respironics' future prospects.

     Following the introductory meetings, between August 16, 2001 and August 23,
2001, Novametrix received preliminary offers from four of the potential
acquirors of Novametrix.

     At a meeting of the Novametrix board of directors held on August 23, 2001,
following a presentation by representatives of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, the
Novametrix board authorized management to continue discussions and due diligence
with the four companies who made preliminary offers.

     Beginning on August 27, 2001, Novametrix management provided the potential
acquirors with access to due diligence materials related to Novametrix's
business. Between August 27, 2001 and September 28, 2001, two potential bidders
withdrew their preliminary offers and withdrew from the process to purchase
Novametrix before reviewing due diligence materials based on price expectations
relative to a potential transaction.

     After Novametrix made its initial presentation to Respironics on July 31,
2001, Respironics' commenced financial and business due diligence on Novametrix,
which continued through the execution of the merger agreement. Respironics' due
diligence efforts included conducting meetings with Novametrix management,
visiting Novametrix's facilities and reviewing financial and legal documents
provided by Novametrix.

     Respironics and its advisors commenced legal due diligence at the offices
of Torys LLP, legal counsel to Novametrix, in mid-September 2001. Legal due
diligence continued through the execution of the merger agreement.

     On September 28, 2001, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey sent letters to the
potential bidders that specified the procedures to be followed regarding
submission of final offers. The letter stated that offers were to include
information as to the price-per-share for Novametrix common stock, the source of
financing for the transaction, a timetable for completion, and regulatory
approvals that would be required to complete the transaction. Potential bidders
also received drafts of a proposed acquisition agreement and were instructed to
advise of any material departures from the agreement's terms in their bids.

     On November 12, 2001, the Respironics board of directors held a meeting and
authorized management to proceed with their efforts to pursue a business
combination with Novametrix. Later that week, Respironics submitted an offer
pursuant to which Novametrix stockholders would receive consideration of $8.00
per share of Novametrix common stock in Respironics common stock, in a tax free
merger.

     On November 16, 2001, the Novametrix board of directors authorized
management to continue negotiations with Respironics and to evaluate merger
agreement terms and a possible exchange ratio "collar" or similar mechanism to
provide some protection to Novametrix stockholders with respect to the value of
the Respironics common stock to be received in the merger.

     Between November 19, 2001 to November 28, 2001, financial representatives
of Novametrix and Respironics discussed and negotiated on numerous occasions the
terms of the proposed merger, including the price per share, the terms of a
collar, and matters relating to transaction structure and the timing of the
merger.

     On November 26, 2001, the Novametrix board of directors received an update
on the status of merger negotiations, including price and collar provisions,
structure and timing.

     On November 28, 2001, Novametrix entered into an agreement with Respironics
providing for an exclusive negotiating period through December 23, 2001 whereby
Novametrix agreed not to solicit, initiate or encourage any alternative
proposals.

     From December 4, 2001 through December 5, 2001, Novametrix and its advisors
met with management of Respironics to conduct business and financial due
diligence on the business, operations and prospects for Respironics and its
common stock. Also during the week of December 4, 2001 through December 7, 2001,
representatives of Torys LLP conducted legal due diligence.

     From December 4, 2001 through December 17, 2001, legal and financial
representatives of Novametrix and Respironics discussed and negotiated on
numerous occasions various aspects of the proposed merger, the proposed terms of
the merger agreement, including the nature and extent of termination fees and
the conditions for consummation of the merger, and the proposed terms of certain
employment agreements. At the same time, Respironics and its advisors provided
expanded due diligence requests to Novametrix and continued to conduct due
diligence on Novametrix.

     On December 12, 2001, Novametrix issued a press release stating that it was
"involved in negotiations with a potential acquiror regarding a potential merger
of [Novametrix] pursuant to which all of [the Novametrix] common stock would be
converted into common stock of the potential acquiror having a value of in the
range of $8.00 per share of [the Novametrix] common stock."

     On December 17, 2001, the Novametrix board of directors met to consider the
proposed merger, including the merger agreement and related agreements. At
Novametrix's board meeting, Mr. Lacourciere, representatives of SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey, and Mr. Thomas M. Haythe, the general counsel of Novametrix,
addressed the board of directors about the business, financial and legal
implications, respectively, of a merger between Respironics and Novametrix and
the terms of the proposed merger agreement and related agreements. During that
meeting, representatives of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey informed the board that
in the opinion of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, as of December 17, 2001, the
exchange ratio under the proposed merger agreement was fair, from a financial
point of view, to Novametrix stockholders. After discussion, the Novametrix
board of directors unanimously voted to approve the merger agreement and the
merger and unanimously resolved to recommend that Novametrix stockholders vote
to adopt the merger agreement at a special meeting to be held for that purpose.
At the meeting, the Novametrix board of directors approved an amendment to its
preferred stock rights plan in order to exempt the merger from the provisions of
the rights plan, exempted the merger from the supermajority voting provisions
set forth in the Novametrix certificate of incorporation, and exempted the
merger from the anti-takeover restrictions set forth in Delaware law.

     On December 17, 2001, Respironics' board of directors held a meeting with
its legal advisors, financial advisors and management, and discussed the final
terms and conditions of the merger as set forth in the merger agreement and
related agreements. Respironics' board of directors unanimously approved the
merger agreement and the related transactions, including the merger.

     On December 18, 2001, the parties executed the merger agreement and related
documents. Immediately thereafter, Respironics and Novametrix issued a press
release announcing the proposed merger.

Novametrix's Rationale for the Merger; Recommendation of the Novametrix Board of
Directors

     The Novametrix board of directors has approved the merger and the merger
agreement and has determined that the merger and the merger agreement are
advisable, fair to and in the best interest of Novametrix and its stockholders.
In approving the merger, the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, and

recommending that the holders of Novametrix common stock vote FOR the adoption
of the merger agreement at the special meeting, the Novametrix board of
directors considered a number of factors, including:

     .    the financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, earnings
          and assets of Novametrix and the prospects of Novametrix if it remains
          an independent company;

     .    the presentation of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, and the opinion of
          SunTrust Robinson Humphrey to the effect that, subject to the matters
          set out in such opinion and subject to the assumptions, factors and
          limitations set forth in their written opinion, the exchange ratio
          established pursuant to the merger agreement is fair from a financial
          point of view to Novametrix stockholders;

     .    the financial and other terms of the merger and the merger agreement;

     .    the recent and historical stock price performance of Novametrix common
          stock and Respironics common stock;

     .    the potential strategic alternatives available to Novametrix and the
          viability and risks associated with each alternative, including the
          prospects for Novametrix on a stand-alone basis and the risks
          associated with executing upon and achieving Novametrix's business
          plan, both short-term and long-term;

     .    the fact that the merger will present the opportunity for the holders
          of shares of Novametrix common stock to participate in a significantly
          larger and more diversified company and, as stockholders of the
          combined companies, to have greater liquidity in their shares and to
          benefit from any future growth of the combined companies;

     .    the expectation of the Novametrix directors that the addition of
          Novametrix's operations to those of Respironics would likely increase
          the overall value and profitability of Respironics, tending to produce
          greater stockholder value for Novametrix stockholders;

     .    the presentations by, and discussions of the terms of the merger
          agreement with, Novametrix's senior management and SunTrust Robinson
          Humphrey;

     .    the likelihood that the merger would be consummated, including the
          experience, reputation and financial condition of Respironics;

     .    the consents and approvals required to consummate the merger,
          including regulatory clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
          Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and any other antitrust laws,
          and the favorable prospects for receiving such consents and approvals;

     .    the fact that while the merger agreement prohibits Novametrix from
          soliciting proposals concerning an acquisition of Novametrix, the
          Novametrix board of directors, in the exercise of its fiduciary
          duties, would be able to provide information to, and engage in
          negotiations with, a third party which makes an unsolicited superior
          acquisition proposal, and that the Novametrix board of directors would
          be able to terminate the merger agreement and accept a superior
          acquisition proposal if it determined that its fiduciary duties so
          require, upon payment to Respironics of a termination fee of
          $3,400,000, plus reimbursement of Respironics' expenses up to a
          maximum of $425,000;

     .    the potential effect of the public announcement of the merger on
          Novametrix's ability to attract and retain key management, sales,
          marketing and technical personnel;

     .    the opportunity of the combined companies to reduce costs through
          economies of scale that would not have been readily achievable by
          Novametrix independently; and

     .    the strengths and weaknesses of Respironics' businesses and the key
          attributes of the combined companies in terms of, among other things,
          products, sales, customers, management and competitive position.

     In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, the Novametrix board of directors did not find it
practical to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the
specific factors considered. Rather, the Novametrix board of directors viewed
its position and recommendations as being based on the totality of the
information presented to and considered by the Novametrix board of directors. In
addition, individual members of the Novametrix board of directors may have given
differing weight to different factors.

Respironics' Rationale for the Merger

     The Respironics board of directors has concluded that the proposed merger
is in the best interests of Respironics and its stockholders because, among
other reasons, the merger would further Respironics' goal to be the leading
worldwide resource in providing innovative products and unique programs to help
manage and treat patients with sleep disorders and cardiopulmonary diseases and
would enhance its ability to fulfill its vision and strategies focused on
helping clinicians treat their patients, helping providers manage and grow their
businesses and helping patients improve their quality of life. The Respironics
board of directors concluded that the proposed merger will further such vision
and strategies because of its belief that, among other things:

     .    the combination of Respironics and Novametrix will result in a company
          with unique capabilities in the hospital environment by bringing
          together the therapeutic technologies of Respironics with the
          monitoring capabilities of Novametrix;

     .    the developmental care products of Novametrix will complement the
          infant management products and programs currently offered by
          Respironics;

     .    the cardiac output monitoring technologies of Novametrix will support
          Respironics' initiatives in the congestive heart failure area; and

     .    Respironics' "critical mass" of products, revenues, profits, and
          assets in certain markets will be increased significantly.

     In reaching its conclusion that the proposed merger is fair to, and in the
best interests of, Respironics and its stockholders, the Respironics board of
directors also considered a number of factors, including, but not limited to,
the following:

     .    its knowledge of the business, operations, properties, assets,
          financial condition, operating results, and prospects of Respironics
          and Novametrix;

     .    current industry, economic and market conditions;

     .    presentations by Respironics management with respect to Respironics,
          Novametrix and the merger;

     .    the terms of the merger agreement and the nature and amount of the
          termination fees that may be payable under certain circumstances;

     .    the accounting and tax treatment of the merger; and

     .    the opportunity for Respironics stockholders to participate in a
          larger and more diverse company.

     In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, the Respironics board of directors did not find it
practicable to and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the
specific factors considered in reaching its determination. In addition,
individual members of the Respironics board of directors may have given
different weights to different factors.

Opinion of Novametrix's Financial Advisor

     General. Pursuant to an engagement letter dated May 24, 2001, and an
extension letter dated December 10, 2001, extending the terms of the original
engagement through April 30, 2002, SunTrust Capital Markets, Inc., through its
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey subsidiary, was retained by Novametrix to advise the
Novametrix board of directors on its strategic alternatives and, as part of its
engagement, to render a written opinion with respect to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to the common stockholders of Novametrix of the
exchange ratio of the proposed merger between Novametrix and Respironics
Holdings. On December 17, 2001, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey rendered a written
opinion to the Novametrix board of directors to the effect that, as of the date
of such opinion and based upon and subject to certain matters stated therein,
the exchange ratio of the proposed merger provided for in the merger agreement
is fair from a financial point of view to the common stockholders of Novametrix.

     The full text of the opinion of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, which sets
forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken, is attached as Annex B and is incorporated into this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference. The description of the SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey opinion set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the SunTrust Robinson Humphrey opinion. You are urged to read
the opinion in its entirety.

     The opinion of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey is directed to the Novametrix
board of directors and relates only to the fairness of the exchange ratio from a
financial point of view, does not address any other aspect of the merger and
does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote at the Novametrix stockholders meeting. The
consideration to be received by Novametrix stockholders in the merger was
determined on the basis of negotiations between Novametrix and Respironics and
was adopted by the Novametrix board.

     Material and Information Considered with Respect to the Merger. In arriving
at its opinion, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey among other things:

     .    reviewed the merger agreement;

     .    reviewed certain publicly available information concerning Novametrix
          and Respironics which SunTrust Robinson Humphrey believed to be
          relevant to its analysis;

     .    reviewed certain historical and projected financial and operating data
          concerning Novametrix furnished to SunTrust Robinson Humphrey by
          Novametrix and certain historical and projected financial and
          operating data concerning Respironics furnished to SunTrust Robinson
          Humphrey by Respironics, in addition to publicly available financial
          forecasts relating to Respironics;

     .    conducted discussions with members of management of Novametrix and
          Respironics concerning their respective businesses, operations,
          present financial conditions and prospects;

     .    reviewed the trading history of the common stock of Novametrix and
          Respironics from December 1998 to the present;

     .    reviewed the historical market prices and trading activity for the
          common stock of Novametrix and Respironics and compared them with
          those of selected publicly traded companies which SunTrust Robinson
          Humphrey deemed relevant;

     .    compared the historical and projected financial results and present
          financial condition of Novametrix and Respironics with those of
          selected publicly traded companies which SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
          deemed relevant;

     .    reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
          selected comparable merger and acquisition transactions which SunTrust
          Robinson Humphrey deemed relevant;

     .    performed certain financial analyses with respect to the projected
          future operating performance of Novametrix and Respironics; and

     .    reviewed other financial statistics and undertook other analyses and
          investigations and took into account those other matters as SunTrust
          Robinson Humphrey deemed appropriate.

     In arriving at its opinion, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey assumed and relied
upon the accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information
provided to SunTrust Robinson Humphrey by Novametrix and Respironics without
independent verification. With respect to the financial forecasts of Novametrix
and Respironics, including estimates of the cost savings and other potential
synergies anticipated to result from the merger, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey has
assumed that they have been reasonably prepared and reflect the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of both Novametrix and
Respironics as to future financial performance of Novametrix and Respironics. In
arriving at its opinion, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey conducted only a limited
physical inspection of the properties and facilities of Novametrix and
Respironics. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey has not made or obtained any evaluations
or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Novametrix or Respironics.

     The SunTrust Robinson Humphrey opinion is necessarily based upon market,
economic and other conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on, and on
the information made available to SunTrust Robinson Humphrey as of, the date of
its opinion. The financial markets in general and the market for the common
stock of Novametrix and Respironics is subject to volatility, and SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey's opinion did not purport to address potential developments in
the financial markets or the market for the common stock of Novametrix or
Respironics after the date of its opinion. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey assumed
that the merger would be consummated on the terms described in the merger
agreement, without any waiver of any material terms or conditions by Novametrix
or Respironics. Subsequent developments may affect SunTrust Robinson Humphrey's
opinion and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey does not have any obligation to update,
revise, or reaffirm its opinion.

     In preparing its opinion, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey performed a variety of
financial and comparative analyses, a summary of which is described below. A
summary of these analyses does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses underlying SunTrust Robinson Humphrey's opinion. The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving various determinations
as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, is
not readily susceptible to summary description. Accordingly, SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey believes that its analyses must be considered as an integrated whole
and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors, without considering all
analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the
processes underlying such analyses and opinion. In its analyses, SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey made numerous assumptions with respect to Novametrix,
Respironics, industry performance, general business, economic, market and
financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of
Novametrix and Respironics. The estimates contained in these analyses and the
valuation ranges resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may
be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by such analyses.
In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or securities do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which businesses or
securities actually may be sold. Accordingly, these analyses and estimates are
inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey's
opinion and financial analyses were only one of many factors considered by the
Novametrix board of directors in its evaluation of the proposed merger and
should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Novametrix board of
directors or management with respect to the merger or the merger consideration.

     Analysis of Novametrix.

     Market Analysis of Selected Public Companies. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
reviewed and compared selected publicly available financial, operating and stock
market data for Novametrix, with other selected publicly-traded companies in the
medical device industry which SunTrust Robinson Humphrey deemed comparable to
Novametrix. This group included the following eight diagnostic patient
monitoring, respiratory and neonatal care medical device companies: Aspect
Medical Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: ASPM), CardioDynamics International Corp.
(Nasdaq: CDIC), Criticare Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: CXIM), Datascope Corp. (Nasdaq:
DSCP), Invivo Corporation (Nasdaq: SAFE), Spacelabs Medical, Inc. (Nasdaq:
SLMD), Utah Medical Products, Inc. (Nasdaq: UTMD), and Vital Signs, Inc.
(Nasdaq: VITL).

     For the eight selected public companies, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
compared, among other things, Total Firm Value (defined as market capitalization
plus debt less cash and cash equivalents) as a multiple of: 1) latest twelve
months revenues, earnings before interest and taxes (referred to herein as
EBIT), and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
(referred to herein as EBITDA), 2) estimated calendar 2001 and 2002 revenues and
3) estimated calendar 2001 and 2002 EBIT. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey also
compared Total Equity Value (defined as market capitalization) as a multiple of
latest twelve months net income and estimated calendar 2001 and 2002 net income,
and evaluated the published price/earnings (P/E) ratio divided by expected
per-share earnings growth (referred to herein as PEG Ratio) for the comparable
companies. All multiples were based on closing stock prices as of December 10,
2001. Revenue, EBITDA, EBIT and Net Income results for the comparable companies
were based on historical financial information available in public filings and
press releases of the comparable companies. Revenue, EBIT and net income
estimates were based on research reports and First Call consensus estimates.
First Call is an information provider that publishes a compilation of estimates
of projected financial performance for public companies produced by equity
research analysts at leading investment banking firms. The following table sets
forth the mean, low and high multiples and range of implied equity values per
share for Novametrix indicated by this analysis.

  NOVAMETRIX
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Valuation Parameters                         Implied Multiples for Selected    Range of Implied Equity
                                                         Companies                  Values Per Share
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 Mean         Low      High

  Firm Value to:
  --------------
    LTM Revenues as of October 31, 2001          1.95x       0.91x     3.70x         $5.05 - $18.23
    Estimated 2001 Revenues                      2.42x       1.45x     3.52x         $7.23 - $16.40
    Estimated 2002 Revenues                      2.01x       1.42x     2.54x         $7.33 - $12.53
    LTM EBIT as of October 31, 2001              9.76x       6.99x    11.41x         $4.59 - $ 7.00
    Estimated 2001 EBIT                         10.40x      10.21x    10.59x         $6.27 - $ 6.47
    Estimated 2002 EBIT                          9.14x       8.51x     9.77x         $6.77 - $ 7.66
    LTM EBITDA as of October 31, 2001            7.82x       5.75x     9.41x         $5.08 - $ 7.83

  Equity Value to:
  ----------------
    LTM Net Income as of October 31, 2001       15.38x      10.65x    19.83x         $3.22 - $ 5.99
    Estimated 2001 Net Income                   14.82x      10.46x    18.15x         $3.33 - $ 5.70
    Estimated 2002 Net Income                   12.20x      13.35x    13.78x         $5.89 - $ 6.08

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     None of the companies used in the market analysis of selected public
companies was identical to Novametrix. Accordingly, the analysis of comparable
public companies necessarily involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the
companies reviewed and other factors that would affect the market values of
comparable companies.

     Analysis of Selected Merger and Acquisition Transactions. SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey reviewed and analyzed the consideration paid and implied transaction
multiples in selected completed and pending mergers and

acquisitions involving diagnostic and therapeutic capital equipment medical
device companies in the cardiac and respiratory markets. The selected
transactions are shown below.

    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Effective Date         Acquirer                             Target
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Pending                General Electric Co.                 Imatron Inc.
    08/01/01               Royal Philips Electronics            Agilent Technologies Healthcare Solutions Group
    09/20/01               GE Medical Systems, Inc.             Data Critical Corp.
    10/19/01               Royal Philips Electronics            Marconi Medical Systems, Inc.
    06/07/01               Data Critical Corp.                  VitalCom Inc.
    11/30/01               Cardiac Science, Inc.                Artema Medical AB
    10/17/00               Tyco International, Inc.             Mallinckrodt, Inc.
    08/01/00               Welch Allyn Inc.                     Protocol Systems Inc.
    01/08/99               Kimberly-Clark Corp.                 Ballard Medical Products
    02/03/99               Smiths Industries PLC                Biochem International Inc.
    11/20/98               GE Medical Systems, Inc.             Marquette Medical Systems Inc.
    11/02/98               Tyco International, Inc.             Graphic Controls Corp.
    09/30/98               Medtronic, Inc.                      Physio-Control International Corp.
    07/20/98               ALARIS Medical, Inc.                 Instromedix, Inc.
    03/17/98               Hewlett-Packard Co.                  Heartstream, Inc.
    02/11/98               Respironics, Inc.                    Healthdyne Technologies, Inc.
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         From this group of 16 transactions, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey selected
the following four transactions that involved diagnostic patient monitoring
companies more similar to the Novametrix business: Tyco
International/Mallinckrodt, Inc; Welch Allyn Inc./Protocol Systems, Smiths
Industries PLC/Biochem International Inc., and GE Medical Systems/Marquette
Medical Systems Inc. For these four selected comparable transactions, SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey compared the Total Firm Values in the selected transactions as
multiples of the latest twelve months revenues, EBITDA and EBIT and Total Equity
Values as multiples of Book Value and latest twelve months Net Income.
Historical revenues, EBITDA, EBIT, net income and Book Value were based on
publicly available information of the acquirer and/or target at the time of
announcement of the relevant transaction. The following table sets forth the
mean, low and high multiples and range of implied equity values for Novametrix
indicated by this analysis.

  NOVAMETRIX
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           Implied Multiples for               Range of Implied Equity
  Valuation Parameters                                      Selected Companies                  Values Per Share
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         Mean       Low        High

  Firm Value to:
  -------------
   LTM Revenues through October 31, 2001                 2.01x      1.66x      2.54x           $8.60 - $12.75
   LTM EBIT through October 31, 2001                    16.02x     10.78x     19.90x           $6.66 - $11.63
   LTM EBITDA through October 31, 2001                  11.79x      8.22x     14.90x           $6.93 - $11.94

  Equity Value to:
  ---------------
   Book Value as of October 31, 2001                     3.37x      2.85x      4.07x           $8.30 - $11.84
   LTM Net Income through October 31, 2001              27.08x     17.35x     40.89x           $5.24 - $12.35
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         No company utilized in the analysis of selected transactions is
identical to Novametrix. All multiples for the selected transactions were based
on public information available at the time of announcement of each transaction,
without taking into account differing market and other conditions during the
period during which the selected transactions occurred.

         Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey performed a
discounted cash flow analysis of Novametrix under two scenarios based on
projections provided by Novametrix management: 1) a base

case in which revenues and net income are projected to grow at compound annual
growth rates of approximately 16% and 37%, respectively, from the twelve months
ending January 31, 2002 to 2005 (referred to herein as base case projections),
and 2) an aggressive case in which revenues and net income are projected to grow
at compound annual growth rates of approximately 21% and 43%, respectively, from
the twelve months ending January 31, 2002 to 2005 (referred to herein as
aggressive case projections). Using management's base case projections SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey calculated a range of net present firm values for Novametrix
based on the projected Free Cash Flows (defined as earnings before interest and
after taxes plus depreciation and amortization expense minus capital
expenditures and increases in working capital) for the twelve months ending
January 31, 2003 through January 31, 2005. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey calculated
the weighted average cost of capital for the company and used discount rates
ranging from 16% to 22% and terminal value multiples of twelve months ending
January 2005 estimated EBITDA ranging from 7.0x to 10.0x. The valuation based on
this methodology produced a range of implied equity values for Novametrix from
$79.9 million to $123.8 million, and implied equity values per share from $7.03
to $10.90.

         Using management's aggressive case projections, SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey calculated a range of net present firm values for Novametrix based on
the projected Free Cash Flows for the twelve months ending January 31, 2002
through January 31, 2005. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey used discount rates ranging
from 16% to 22% and terminal value multiples of twelve months ending January
2005 estimated EBITDA ranging from 7.0x to 10.0x. The valuation based on this
methodology produced a range of implied equity values from $92.9 million to
$144.6 million, and implied equity values per share from $8.18 to $12.73.

         Analysis of Respironics.

         Market Analysis of Selected Public Companies. SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey reviewed and compared selected publicly available financial, operating
and stock market data for Respironics with comparable data for ResMed, Inc.
("ResMed"), a therapeutic respiratory company that is a direct competitor to
Respironics.

         For the comparison between Respironics and ResMed, SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey compared, among other things, Total Firm Value as a multiple of: 1)
latest twelve months revenues, EBIT, and EBITDA, 2) estimated calendar 2001 and
2002 revenues, and 3) estimated calendar 2001 and 2002 EBIT. SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey also compared Total Equity Value as a multiple of latest twelve months
net income and estimated calendar 2001 and 2002 net income and evaluated the
published PEG Ratios. All multiples were based on closing stock prices as of
December 10, 2001. Historical results for ResMed were based on historical
financial information available in public filings and press releases for ResMed.
Revenue, EBIT and net income estimates were based on research reports and First
Call consensus estimates. First Call is an information provider that publishes a
compilation of estimates of projected financial performance for public companies
produced by equity research analysts at leading investment banking firms. The
following table sets forth the valuation multiples for ResMed and the implied
equity values for Respironics indicated by this analysis.

  RESPIRONICS
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                             Implied Equity Value
  Valuation Parameters                                  ResMed               Multiples           Per Share
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Firm Value to:
  -------------
  LTM Revenues as of Sept. 30, 2001                                10.55x                          $149.79
  Estimated 2001 Revenues                                           9.77x                          $144.33
  Estimated 2002 Revenues                                           8.73x                          $146.89
  LTM EBIT as of Sept. 30, 2001                                    37.33x                           $74.57
  Estimated 2001 EBIT                                              34.40x                           $70.71
  Estimated 2002 EBIT                                              31.29x                           $96.87
  LTM EBITDA as of Sept. 30, 2001                                  31.44x                           $93.68

  Equity Value to:
  ---------------
  LTM Net Income as of Sept. 30, 2001                              59.49x                           $68.24
  Estimated 2001 Net Income                                        56.52x                           $68.07
  Estimated 2002 Net Income                                        45.58x                           $71.82
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ResMed is not identical to Respironics. Accordingly, this analysis
necessarily involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences
in financial and operating characteristics of the two companies reviewed and
other factors that would affect their market values.

     Analysis of Selected Merger and Acquisition Transactions. SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey reviewed and analyzed the consideration paid and implied transaction
multiples in selected completed and pending mergers and acquisitions involving
diagnostic and therapeutic capital equipment medical device companies in the
cardiac and respiratory markets. The selected transactions are shown below.

 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Effective Date        Acquirer                        Target
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Pending               General Electric Co.            Imatron Inc.
  08/01/01              Royal Philips Electronics       Agilent Technologies Healthcare Solutions Group
  09/20/01              GE Medical Systems, Inc.        Data Critical Corp.
  10/19/01              Royal Philips Electronics       Marconi Medical Systems, Inc.
  06/07/01              Data Critical Corp.             VitalCom Inc.
  11/30/01              Cardiac Science, Inc.           Artema Medical AB
  10/17/00              Tyco International, Inc.        Mallinckrodt, Inc.
  08/01/00              Welch Allyn Inc.                Protocol Systems Inc.
  01/08/99              Kimberly-Clark Corp.            Ballard Medical Products
  02/03/99              Smiths Industries PLC           Biochem International Inc.
  11/20/98              GE Medical Systems, Inc.        Marquette Medical Systems Inc.
  11/02/98              Tyco International, Inc.        Graphic Controls Corp.
  09/30/98              Medtronic, Inc.                 Physio-Control International Corp.
  07/20/98              ALARIS Medical, Inc.            Instromedix, Inc.
  03/17/98              Hewlett-Packard Co.             Heartstream, Inc.
  02/11/98              Respironics, Inc.               Healthdyne Technologies, Inc.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     SunTrust Robinson Humphrey calculated the Total Firm Value in the selected
transactions as multiples of the latest twelve months revenues, EBITDA and EBIT.
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey also compared Total Equity Value as a multiple of
book value and latest twelve months net income. Historical revenues, EBITDA,
EBIT and net income were based on publicly available information of the acquirer
and/or target at the time of announcement of the relevant transaction. The
following table sets forth the mean, low and high multiples and range of implied
equity values for Respironics indicated by this analysis.

RESPIRONICS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                            Range of Implied
Valuation Parameters                                    Implied Multiples for Selected      Equity Values Per
                                                                   Companies                      Share
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Mean           Low          High

Firm Value to:
- --------------
 LTM Revenues through Sept. 30, 2001                    2.28x        0.73x         5.53x     $ 8.43 - $77.87
 LTM EBIT through Sept. 30, 2001                       19.74x        7.10x        32.30x     $13.03 - $64.34
 LTM EBITDA through Sept. 30, 2001                     17.96x        7.10x        30.25x     $20.13 - $90.10

Equity Value to:
- ----------------
 Book Value as of Sept. 30, 2001                        3.96x        1.04x         7.70x     $ 8.36 - $61.94
 LTM Net Income through Sept. 30, 2001                 35.97x       17.35x        65.70x     $19.91 - $75.36
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     No company utilized in the analysis of selected transactions is identical
to Respironics. All multiples for the selected transactions were based on public
information available at the time of announcement of each

transaction, without taking into account differing market and other conditions
during the period during which the selected transactions occurred.

     Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey performed a
discounted cash flow analysis of Respironics based upon projections provided by
Respironics management for fiscal years ended June 2002 and June 2003 and
projections for fiscal 2004 and 2005 calculated using similar growth rates and
margins to estimate the net present equity value of Respironics. SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey calculated a range of net present equity values for
Respironics based on its projected Free Cash Flow for the years ending December
31, 2001 through December 31, 2004. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey calculated the
weighted average cost of capital for the company and used discount rates ranging
from 10% to 14% and terminal value multiples of December 2004 estimated EBITDA
ranging from 10.0x to 12.0x. The valuation based on this methodology produced a
range of implied equity values for Respironics from $1.01 billion to $1.34
billion and a range of share prices between $33.25 and $44.00 per share.

     Analysis of Novametrix and Respironics on a Pro Forma Combined Basis.

     Market Analysis of Selected Public Companies. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
reviewed and compared selected publicly available financial data for Novametrix
and Respironics on a pro forma combined basis, with other selected
publicly-traded companies in the medical device industry which SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey deemed comparable to both Novametrix and Respironics. This group
included the following nine diagnostic and therapeutic patient monitoring
companies in the medical device industry: Aspect Medical Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq:
ASPM), CardioDynamics International. (Nasdaq: CDIC), Criticare Systems, Inc.
(Nasdaq: CXIM), Datascope Corporation (Nasdaq: DSCP), Invivo Corporation
(Nasdaq: SAFE), ResMed, Inc. (NYSE: RMD), Spacelabs Medical, Inc. (Nasdaq:
SLMD), Utah Medical Products, Inc. (Nasdaq: UTMD), and Vital Signs, Inc.
(Nasdaq: VITL).

     For the nine selected companies, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey compared, among
other things, Total Firm Value as a multiple of: 1) latest twelve months
revenues, EBIT, and EBITDA, 2) estimated calendar 2001 and 2002 revenues and 3)
estimated calendar 2001 and 2002 EBIT. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey also compared
Total Equity Value as a multiple of latest twelve months net income and
estimated calendar 2001 and 2002 net income and evaluated the published PEG
Ratios for the comparable companies. All multiples were based on closing stock
prices as of December 10, 2001. Revenue, EBITDA, EBIT and Net Income results for
the comparable companies were based on historical financial information
available in public filings and press releases of the comparable companies.
Revenue, EBIT and net income estimates were based on research reports and First
Call consensus estimates. First Call is an information provider that publishes a
compilation of estimates of projected financial performance for public companies
produced by equity research analysts at leading investment banking firms.

     The following table sets forth the implied valuation multiples of
Respironics, Inc and the average implied valuation multiples indicated from the
analysis of selected publicly traded comparable companies. The valuation
multiples for Respironics were used to calculate the implied equity values for
the pro forma combined results for Novametrix and Respironics. The valuation
multiples for Respironics were applied to pro forma results for Novametrix and
Respironics on a combined basis under two scenarios. The first scenario was
based on the base case projections provided by Novametrix management for fiscal
years ended April 2002 through 2005 and Respironics management's projections for
fiscal 2002 and 2003. The second scenario was based on the aggressive case
projections provided by Novametrix management for fiscal years ended April 2002
through 2005 and Respironics management's projections for fiscal 2002 and 2003.
The implied equity values per share for the pro forma combined companies are
based on 33.3 million pro forma shares outstanding. The implied equity prices
per share to Novametrix stockholders are based on an exchange ratio of 0.25
shares of Respironics common stock for each outstanding share of Novametrix
common stock.

PRO FORMA COMBINED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           Pro Forma Combined       Implied Equity Value Per
                                                Implied Valuation      Implied Equity Values Per         Share to NMTX
Valuation Parameters                                Multiples                  Share [1]                Stockholders [1]
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                      Aggressive   Base Case  Aggressive Case
                                                RESP       Average      Base Case        Case

Firm Value to:
- --------------
  LTM Revenues as of Sept. 30, 2001             2.31x       1.95x         $32.90        $32.90       $8.23         $8.23
  Estimated 2001 Revenues                       2.22x       2.42x         $32.55        $32.68       $8.14         $8.17
  Estimated 2002 Revenues                       1.95x       2.01x         $32.27        $32.81       $8.07         $8.20
  LTM EBIT as of Sept. 30, 2001                16.23x       9.76x         $32.22        $32.22       $8.05         $8.05
  Estimated 2001 EBIT                          15.77x      10.40x         $32.09        $32.21       $8.02         $8.05
  Estimated 2002 EBIT                          12.18x       9.14x         $32.12        $32.64       $8.03         $8.16
  LTM EBITDA as of Sept. 30, 2001              10.93x       7.82x         $31.99        $31.99       $8.00         $8.00

Equity Value to:
- ----------------
  LTM Net Income as of Sept. 30, 2001          27.75x      15.38x         $31.97        $31.97       $7.99         $7.99
  Estimated 2001 Net Income                    26.58x      14.82x         $32.13        $32.22       $8.03         $8.06
  Estimated 2002 Net Income                    21.52x      12.20x         $34.25        $34.82       $8.56         $8.71

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] Pro Forma Combined Equity Values Per Share calculated based on 33.3 million pro forma shares outstanding; Implied Equity
Values Per Share to Novametrix stockholders based on an exchange ratio of 0.25.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     None of the companies used in the market analysis of selected public
companies was identical to Novametrix or Respironics. Accordingly, the analysis
of comparable public companies necessarily involves complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of
the companies reviewed and other factors that would affect the market values of
comparable companies.

     Analysis of Selected Merger and Acquisition Transactions. SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey reviewed and analyzed the consideration paid and implied transaction
multiples in selected completed and pending mergers and acquisitions involving
diagnostic and therapeutic capital equipment medical device companies in the
cardiac and respiratory markets. The selected transactions are shown below.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Effective Date       Acquirer                          Target
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Pending              General Electric Co.              Imatron Inc.
  08/01/01             Royal Philips Electronics         Agilent Technologies Healthcare Solutions Group
  09/20/01             GE Medical Systems, Inc.          Data Critical Corp.
  10/19/01             Royal Philips Electronics         Marconi Medical Systems, Inc.
  06/07/01             Data Critical Corp.               VitalCom Inc.
  11/30/01             Cardiac Science, Inc.             Artema Medical AB
  10/17/00             Tyco International, Inc.          Mallinckrodt, Inc.
  08/01/00             Welch Allyn Inc.                  Protocol Systems Inc.
  01/08/99             Kimberly-Clark Corp.              Ballard Medical Products
  02/03/99             Smiths Industries PLC             Biochem International Inc.
  11/20/98             GE Medical Systems, Inc.          Marquette Medical Systems Inc.
  11/02/98             Tyco International, Inc.          Graphic Controls Corp.
  09/30/98             Medtronic, Inc.                   Physio-Control International Corp.
  07/20/98             ALARIS Medical, Inc.              Instromedix, Inc.
  03/17/98             Hewlett-Packard Co.               Heartstream, Inc.
  02/11/98             Respironics, Inc.                 Healthdyne Technologies, Inc.
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     SunTrust Robinson Humphrey calculated the Total Firm Value in the selected
transactions as multiples of the latest twelve months revenues, EBITDA and EBIT.
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey also compared Total Equity Value as a multiple of
book value and latest twelve months net income. Historical revenues, EBITDA,
EBIT and net income were based on publicly available information of the acquirer
and/or target at the time of announcement of the relevant transaction. The
following table sets forth the mean, low and high multiples and range of implied
equity values for Novametrix and Respironics on a pro forma combined basis
indicated by this analysis. The implied equity prices per share to Novametrix
stockholders are based on 33.3 million pro forma shares outstanding and an
exchange ratio of 0.25 shares of Respironics common stock for each outstanding
share of Novametrix common stock.

PRO FORMA COMBINED
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                   Range of Pro Forma      Implied Equity
                                                                                    Combined Implied      Values Per Share
                                                 Implied Multiples for Selected       Equity Values           to NMTX
Valuation Parameters                                        Companies                 Equity Values       Stockholders [1]
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    Mean        Low       High    (Dollars in millions)

Firm Value to:
- --------------
 LTM Revenues through Sept. 30, 2001                2.28x       0.73x     5.53x     $302.5 - $2,678.3      $2.27 - $20.11
 LTM EBIT through Sept. 30, 2001                   19.74x       7.10x    32.30x     $449.8 - $2,169.8      $3.38 - $16.29
 LTM EBITDA through Sept. 30, 2001                 17.96x       7.10x    30.25x     $680.4 - $3,012.2      $5.11 - $22.61

Equity Value to:
- ----------------
 Book Value as of Sept. 30, 2001                    3.96x       1.04x     7.70x     $289.3 - $2,142.6      $2.17 - $16.09
 LTM Net Income through Sept. 30, 2001             35.97x      17.35x    65.70x     $666.2 - $2,522.1      $5.00 - $18.93

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] Implied Equity Value Per Share to Novametrix stockholders based on 33.3 million pro forma shares outstanding and an
exchange ratio of 0.25 shares of Respironics common stock for each outstanding share of Novametrix common stock.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     No company utilized in the analysis of selected transactions is identical
to Novametrix or Respironics. All multiples for the selected transactions were
based on public information available at the time of announcement of each
transaction, without taking into account differing market and other conditions
during the period during which the selected transactions occurred.

     Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey performed a
discounted cash flow analysis of pro forma combined results for Novametrix and
Respironics under two scenarios to estimate the net present equity value of
Novametrix and Respironics on a pro forma combined basis. The first scenario was
based on the base case projections provided by Novametrix management for fiscal
years ended April 2002 through 2005 and Respironics management's projections for
fiscal 2002 and 2003 and projections for Respironics for fiscal 2004 and 2005
calculated using similar growth rates and margins. The second scenario was based
on the aggressive case projections provided by Novametrix management for fiscal
years ended April 2002 through 2005 and Respironics management's projections for
fiscal 2002 and 2003 and projections for Respironics for fiscal 2004 and
2005 calculated using similar growth rates and margins. SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey calculated a range of net present equity values for the pro forma
combined companies based on the pro forma combined projected Free Cash Flows for
the years ending December 31, 2002 through December 31, 2004 under both
scenarios. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey calculated the weighted average cost of
capital for the company and used discount rates ranging from 9% to 14% and
terminal value multiples of December 2004 estimated pro forma combined EBITDA
ranging from 10.0x to 12.0x.

     The valuation based on this methodology under the base case projections
produced a range of implied equity values for Novametrix and Respironics on a
pro forma combined basis from $1.14 billion to $1.55 billion and a range of
share prices between $34.27 and $46.52 per share based on 33.3 million pro forma
shares outstanding. The valuation also produced an implied equity value per
share to Novametrix stockholders ranging from $8.57 to

$11.63 based on an exchange ratio of 0.25 shares of Respironics common stock for
each outstanding share of Novametrix common stock.

     The valuation based on this methodology under the aggressive case
projections produced a range of implied equity values for Novametrix and
Respironics on a pro forma combined basis from $1.16 billion to $1.58 billion
and a range of share prices between $34.94 and $47.42 per share based on 33.3
million pro forma shares outstanding. The valuation also produced an implied
equity value per share to Novametrix stockholders ranging from $8.73 to $11.86
based on an exchange ratio of 0.25 shares of Respironics common stock for each
outstanding share of Novametrix common stock.

     Pro Forma Contribution Analysis. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey reviewed the
relative contribution that Novametrix and Respironics would make to a combined
pro forma company in terms of revenues, EBIT, and net income. This analysis was
based on projections for Novametrix provided by Novametrix management and
projections for Respironics provided by Respironics management. SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey considered two scenarios: one that included the base case
projections for Novametrix provided by Novametrix management and a second that
included the aggressive case projections provided by Novametrix management. For
purposes of this analysis, projected financial information for Respironics was
based upon projections provided by Respironics management for fiscal years
ending June 2002 and June 2003 and projections for fiscal 2004 and 2005
calculated using similar growth rates and margins. Under the scenario using
Novametrix's base case projections, the relative contribution of Novametrix to
the combined pro forma financial results ranged from a low of 8.7% (based on
EBIT for the twelve months ending December 31, 2001) to a high of 12.2% (based
on net income in the twelve months ending December 31, 2004). Under the scenario
using Novametrix's aggressive case projections, the relative contribution of
Novametrix to the combined pro forma financial results ranged from a low of 8.9%
(based on latest twelve months through September 30, 2001 net income) to a high
of 14.0% (based on net income in the twelve months ending December 31, 2004).
Novametrix stockholders would own approximately 8.5% of the pro forma combined
companies based on 11,360,000 fully diluted shares of Novametrix common stock
outstanding and an exchange ratio of 0.25 shares of Respironics common stock for
each share of Novametrix common stock.

     Other Factors. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey took into consideration various
other factors including historical market prices and trading volumes for
Novametrix common stock and the relationship between movements in Novametrix
common stock, movements in the common stock of selected comparable companies,
and movements in the S&P 500 Index, the Nasdaq Index, and the Russell 2000
Index.

     Information Regarding SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. The Novametrix board of
directors selected SunTrust Robinson Humphrey to render a fairness opinion
because SunTrust Robinson Humphrey is a nationally recognized investment banking
firm with substantial experience in transactions similar to the merger. SunTrust
Robinson Humphrey is continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and
their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities and private placements.

Stock Market Listing

     Respironics expects to receive authorization, subject to notice of
issuance, from the Nasdaq Stock Market for the listing of Respironics common
stock issuable pursuant to the merger in exchange for Novametrix common stock.
The trading symbol for Respironics common stock is "RESP". Following the merger,
Novametrix stockholders will no longer be able to trade shares of Novametrix
common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market or any other exchange because such
shares of Novametrix common stock will have ceased to exist and therefore will
no longer be listed on any exchange.

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

     The following summary discusses the anticipated material United States
federal income tax consequences of the merger to holders of Novametrix common
stock who exchange such stock for Respironics common stock in the merger. The
summary is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the
Code, applicable Treasury regulations under the Code and administrative rulings
and judicial authority as of the date hereof, all of which are subject to
change, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion assumes that holders
of Novametrix

shares hold such shares as capital assets. This discussion does not address all
aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be relevant to a
stockholder in light of that stockholder's particular circumstances, or to
stockholders subject to special rules, such as rules relating to:

     .    financial institutions;

     .    mutual funds;

     .    tax-exempt organizations;

     .    insurance companies;

     .    dealers in securities or foreign currencies;

     .    traders in securities who elect to apply a mark-to-market method of
          accounting;

     .    foreign stockholders;

     .    stockholders who acquired Novametrix shares under Novametrix's
          equity-based compensation plans or otherwise as compensation, or
          through a tax-qualified retirement plan; and

     .    stockholders who hold Novametrix shares as part of a hedge, straddle,
          constructive sale or conversion transaction.

     This discussion does not address any consequences arising under the laws of
any state, locality or foreign jurisdiction or under federal laws other than the
United States federal income tax laws.

     You are strongly urged to consult your tax advisor as to the specific tax
consequences to you of the merger, including the applicability and effect of
federal, state, local and foreign income and other tax laws in your particular
circumstances.

     The respective obligations of the parties to complete the merger are
conditioned on the receipt by Respironics of an opinion of Reed Smith LLP and
the receipt by Novametrix of an opinion of Torys LLP, on the closing date of the
merger, that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code. Such opinions of counsel will be based upon, among
other things, assumptions, representations and covenants, including those
contained in certificates of officers of Novametrix and Respironics, which
counsel will assume to be true, correct and complete. The opinions of counsel
are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the courts, and we cannot
assure you that the Internal Revenue Service will not challenge the conclusions
set forth in the opinions of counsel or that a court will not sustain such a
challenge.

     Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization:

     .    No gain or loss will be recognized for United States federal income
          tax purposes by holders of Novametrix shares who exchange their
          Novametrix shares solely for Respironics shares pursuant to the
          merger, except, as discussed below, with respect to cash, if any,
          received by Novametrix stockholders in lieu of fractional shares of
          Respironics common stock.

     .    The aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Respironics shares received in
          the merger by a Novametrix stockholder (treating fractional share
          interests in Respironics shares as having been issued to such holder
          in the merger and then sold for cash) will be the same as the
          aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Novametrix shares surrendered in
          the merger.

     .    The holding period of the Respironics shares that a Novametrix
          stockholder receives in the merger will include the period during
          which such holder held the Novametrix shares surrendered in the
          merger.

     .    A Novametrix stockholder who receives cash in lieu of a fractional
          share of Respironics common stock will be treated as having received
          the fractional share pursuant to the merger and then having exchanged
          the fractional share for cash in a redemption by Respironics resulting
          in the recognition of gain or loss equal to the difference between the
          amount of cash received and the portion of the tax basis of the shares
          of Novametrix common stock allocable to the fractional share interest.
          This gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss and will be
          long-term capital gain or loss if the Novametrix stockholder's holding
          period in the fractional Respironics share is more than one year at
          the effective time of the merger.

     .    No gain or loss will be recognized by Novametrix, Respironics or
          Respironics Holdings as a result of the merger.

     Certain non-corporate Novametrix stockholders may be subject to backup
withholding at a 30% rate on cash payments received in lieu of a fractional
share of Respironics common stock. Backup withholding will not apply, however,
to a Novametrix stockholder who:

     .    furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that
          such holder is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute
          Form W-9 or successor form included in the letter of transmittal to be
          delivered to Novametrix stockholders;

     .    provides a certification of foreign status on Internal Revenue Service
          Form W-8 or successor form; or

     .    is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

Accounting Treatment

     The merger will be accounted for as a purchase for financial accounting
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. For purposes of preparing Respironics' consolidated financial
statements, Respironics will establish a new accounting basis for Novametrix's
assets and liabilities based upon their fair values, the merger consideration
and the costs of the merger. Respironics believes that any excess of cost over
the fair value of the net assets of Novametrix will be recorded as goodwill and
other intangible assets.

Regulatory Approvals

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
Respironics and Novametrix were required to give notification and furnish
information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice and to wait the specified waiting period before they can
complete the merger. Each of Novametrix and Respironics filed the required
notification and report forms with the Federal Trade Commission and the
Antitrust Division on January 17, 2002. This began a 30-day waiting period,
which is expected to expire on February 19, 2002. Even if the waiting period
expires without any action being taken by either the Federal Trade Commission or
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, at any time before or after
the merger, the Federal Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice could, among other things, seek to enjoin the completion
of the merger or seek the divestiture of substantial assets of Novametrix or
Respironics. In addition, the merger also is subject to state and foreign
antitrust laws and could be the subject of challenges by foreign authorities or
state attorneys general under those laws, or by private parties under federal or
state antitrust laws.

No Appraisal Rights

     Under Delaware law, Novametrix stockholders will not be entitled to
exercise dissenter's or appraisal rights or to demand payment for their shares
in connection with the merger.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

     In considering the recommendation of the Novametrix board of directors with
respect to the merger agreement and the merger, you should be aware that some of
Novametrix's directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that
are in addition to their interests as stockholders of Novametrix generally. The
Novametrix board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them,
among other matters, in approving the merger. These interests are summarized
below.

     Employment Agreements. In contemplation of the merger, Novametrix and
Respironics entered into employment agreements with William J. Lacourciere,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Novametrix, and Philip F.
Nuzzo, Vice President - Product and Business Development of Novametrix, that
become effective only upon the completion of the merger. Each of the employment
agreements has an initial term of one year following the merger and will be
automatically extended for additional terms of one year unless either party
advises the other, not less than 90 days prior to the expiration of the
then-current year of the term, that it does not wish to extend.

     Pursuant to the employment agreements, after the merger Respironics will
employ Mr. Lacourciere as President, Cardiopulmonary Monitoring of Respironics,
and Mr. Nuzzo as Vice President of Product and Business Development,
Cardiopulmonary Monitoring of Respironics. Mr. Lacourciere will report to the
President of the Hospital Division of Respironics. Mr. Nuzzo will report to Mr.
Lacourciere.

     Mr. Lacourciere will receive an annual base salary of $250,000. Mr.
Lacouricere is also eligible to receive a performance based bonus of up to 50%
of his annual pay. In connection with the merger, Mr. Lacourciere will be
granted options to purchase 20,000 shares of Respironics common stock at an
exercise price per share equal to the price of Respironics common stock on the
tenth business day following Mr. Lacourciere's start date with Respironics. The
options will become exercisable at a rate of 25% per year and remain exercisable
until ten years from their award date. Mr. Lacourciere will also receive the
health and welfare benefits currently in place for Novametrix employees, the
option to participate in a 401(k) plan and an auto allowance of $817 per month.

     Mr. Nuzzo will receive an annual base salary of $158,000. Mr. Nuzzo is also
eligible to receive a performance-based bonus of up to 35% of his annual pay. In
connection with the merger, Mr. Nuzzo will be granted options to purchase 8,000
shares of Respironics common stock at an exercise price per share equal to the
price of Respironics common stock on the tenth business day following Mr.
Nuzzo's start date with Respironics. The options will become exercisable at a
rate of 25% per year and remain exercisable until ten years from their award
date. Mr. Nuzzo will also receive the health and welfare benefits currently in
place for Novametrix employees, the option to participate in a 401(k) plan and
an auto allowance of $600 per month. Additionally, Mr. Nuzzo will receive an
annual retirement annuity in an amount equal to 7.5% of his base salary.

     If the employment of Mr. Lacourciere or Mr. Nuzzo, respectively, is
terminated by Respironics without "cause" or by such employee for "good reason",
as such terms are defined in their respective employment agreements, Mr.
Lacourciere and Mr. Nuzzo will be entitled to receive (i) any unpaid salary
through the date of termination, (ii) base salary in the amount then in effect
for thirty-six months and twelve months, respectively, from the date of
termination; and (iii) continuation of health care coverage for thirty-six
months and twelve months, respectively, from the date of termination. If Mr.
Lacourciere retires from Respironics, he will not be entitled to receive the
termination payments described in this paragraph.

     If Mr. Lacourciere ends his employment by retiring, Mr. Lacourciere will
receive a retirement benefit from Respironics following his retirement at or
after attaining age 65. Upon retirement, Respironics will pay Mr. Lacourciere an
amount equal to three times the higher of (a) $250,000 or (b) Mr. Lacourciere's
average annual compensation (salary and bonus, exclusive of the success bonus
being granted in connection with the merger (See "Success Bonus" on page [ ])
during the five most recent taxable years prior to the date of retirement. Mr.
Lacourciere may also retire upon, or at any time subsequent to, his attaining
age 62, and prior to his attaining age 65, upon six months prior notice to
Respironics. In the event of a retirement at age 62, 63 or 64, Mr. Lacourciere
will receive 90%, 93.33% or 96.66%, respectively, of the benefit he would have
received if he retired after age 65. The retirement benefit will be payable over
36 months.

     Mr. Lacourciere is prohibited under his employment arrangements from
engaging in any business in competition with Respironics during the period of
his employment with Respironics and for four years thereafter. Mr. Nuzzo is
prohibited under his employment agreement from engaging in any business in
competition with Respironics during the period of his employment with
Respironics and for one year thereafter.

     Success Bonuses. Upon completion of the merger, and in recognition of their
services to Novametrix, including in connection with the proposed merger,
certain executive officers of Novametrix will receive success bonuses as
follows:

     William J. Lacourciere, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer                  $375,000
     Thomas M. Patton, President and Chief Operating Officer                                     200,000
     Joseph A. Vincent, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer                      75,000
     Philip F. Nuzzo, Vice President - Product and Business Development                           55,000
     Jeffery A. Baird, Corporate Controller and Treasurer                                         44,000

     Directors Fees. Following execution of the merger agreement, and in
recognition of their services to Novametrix, including in connection with the
proposed merger, each director of Novametrix received an additional director's
fee in the amount of $25,000. Previously, each director received additional
grants of stock options representing 15,000 shares of Novametrix common stock.

     Acceleration of Vesting of Stock Options. Novametrix has issued stock
options to certain directors, officers and employees under Novametrix's stock
option and equity incentive plans. Immediately prior to the merger, all options
to acquire shares of Novametrix common stock under Novametrix's stock option and
equity incentive plans will, by their terms, become immediately vested and
exercisable. As of the record date, Novametrix's directors and executive
officers held vested and unvested options to acquire an aggregate of 1,093,000
shares of Novametrix common stock with a weighted average exercise price of
$5.56 per share. Under the terms of the merger agreement, upon consummation of
the merger, each of these options, whether or not then exercisable, will be
converted into an option to acquire a number of shares of Respironics common
stock in such amounts and at such exercise prices as determined in the merger
agreement. The terms of each option will otherwise remain subject to the terms
of the applicable option plan and agreements as in effect immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger. See "The Merger Agreement - Stock Options" on
page 51.

     Indemnification and Insurance

     Pre-Existing Indemnification and Insurance. Novametrix has entered into
separate indemnification agreements with each of its directors and officers
which require Novametrix, among other things, to indemnify them against
liabilities arising from their status as directors or officers to the fullest
extent permitted by the Novametrix certificate of incorporation and Delaware
law. In addition, the Novametrix certificate of incorporation provides that
Novametrix will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law, including in circumstances in which indemnification
is otherwise discretionary under Delaware law. Novametrix also maintains
directors' and officers' liability insurance.

     Additional Indemnification and Insurance. The merger agreement provides
that Respironics and the surviving corporation of the merger will, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify and hold harmless each of
Novametrix's present and former directors and officers against any costs or
expenses arising out of or pertaining to the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, or for any actions or omissions at or prior to the effective
time of the merger, in each case to the same extent provided in the Novametrix
certificate of incorporation, the Novametrix by-laws or any pre-existing
indemnification contract with the present or former director or officer. The
surviving corporation of the merger must maintain policies of directors' and
officers' liability insurance containing terms and conditions which are not less
advantageous than policies maintained by Novametrix prior to the effective time
of the merger for a period of six years following the closing of the merger
(provided that the surviving corporation of the merger is not required to pay an
annual premium for any policy in excess of 175% of the annual premiums currently
paid by Novametrix). See "The Merger Agreement - Indemnification and Insurance"
on page 57.

Delisting and Deregistration of Novametrix Common Stock

     If the merger is completed, the shares of Novametrix common stock will
cease to exist and will be delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market and
deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Consequently, following
completion of the merger, Novametrix stockholders will no longer be able to
trade shares of Novametrix common stock on any stock exchange.

Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates of Novametrix

     The shares of Respironics common stock to be issued to Novametrix
stockholders in the merger will have been registered under the Securities Act of
1933. These shares will be able to be traded freely and without restriction by
those stockholders not deemed to be "affiliates" of Novametrix as that term is
defined under the Securities Act. An affiliate of a corporation, as defined by
the rules promulgated under the Securities Act, is a person who directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with that corporation. Any subsequent transfer by an
affiliate of Novametrix must be one permitted by the resale provisions of Rule
145 promulgated under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under the
Securities Act. These restrictions are expected to apply to the directors and
executive officers of Novametrix.

                         THE NOVAMETRIX SPECIAL MEETING

Purpose, Time and Place

     The special meeting will be held at [ ] on March [ ], 2002, at [ ], Eastern
Standard Time, unless postponed or adjourned to a later date. The purpose of the
special meeting is for the Novametrix stockholders to consider and vote upon a
proposal to adopt the merger agreement and conduct any other business properly
brought before the meeting, including any adjournments or postponements of the
special meeting. It is currently contemplated that no other matters will be
considered at the special meeting.

     The Novametrix board of directors has approved the merger agreement, the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and has
determined that the merger and the merger agreement are advisable, fair to, and
in the best interest of Novametrix and its stockholders. Accordingly, the
Novametrix board of directors recommends that Novametrix stockholders vote FOR
the adoption of the merger agreement.

Record Date; Voting Power

     The Novametrix board of directors has fixed the close of business ([ ]
p.m., Eastern Standard Time) on February [ ], 2002 as the record date for
determining the holders of Novametrix common stock entitled to notice of, and to
vote at, the special meeting. Only holders of record of Novametrix common stock
at the close of business on the record date will be entitled to notice of, and
to vote at, the special meeting.

     On the record date, approximately [ ] shares of Novametrix common stock
were issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting. Holders
of record of Novametrix common stock are entitled to one vote per share on any
matter which may properly come before the special meeting. If you are a record
holder of Novametrix common stock on the record date, you may vote your shares
of Novametrix common stock in person at the special meeting or by proxy as
described below under "Voting of Proxies."

     The record stockholder number does not include the number of persons whose
Novametrix common stock is in nominee or "street name" accounts through brokers.
If you hold your shares of Novametrix common stock in this manner, you must
follow the directions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct your
broker to vote your shares. Most banks and brokers have provisions for telephone
and Internet voting. Check the material sent to you by them, or call your
account representative for more information.

     A quorum is present at the special meeting if a majority of the outstanding
shares of Novametrix common stock is represented in person or by proxy. A quorum
is necessary to hold the special meeting. Any shares of Novametrix common stock
held in treasury by Novametrix or any of its subsidiaries are not considered to
be

outstanding for purposes of determining a quorum. Once a share of Novametrix
common stock is represented at the special meeting, it will be counted for the
purpose of determining a quorum at the special meeting and any adjournment of
the special meeting unless the holder is present solely to object to the special
meeting. If a quorum is not present at the special meeting, it is expected that
the special meeting will be adjourned or postponed to solicit additional
proxies. However, if a new record date is set for the adjourned meeting, then a
new quorum will have to be established. Abstentions and broker non-votes (which
are shares held by brokers in street name that are not entitled to vote at the
special meeting due to the absence of specific instructions from the beneficial
owners of those shares) will be treated as present at the special meeting for
purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction
of business.

Votes Required

     The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of Novametrix
common stock outstanding on the record date is required to adopt the merger
agreement. Under Delaware law, a Novametrix stockholder who abstains from voting
or who does not vote will have the same effect as if the stockholder had voted
against the adoption of the merger agreement. Brokers who hold shares of
Novametrix common stock as nominees will not have discretionary authority to
vote such shares in the absence of instructions from the beneficial owners of
those shares. Any shares that are not voted because the nominee-broker lacks
such discretionary authority will be counted and have the same effect as a vote
against the adoption of the merger agreement.

Share Ownership of Management and Certain Stockholders

     At the close of business on the record date, directors, executive officers
and certain other members of senior management of Novametrix beneficially owned
and were entitled to vote approximately 863,638 shares of Novametrix common
stock, representing approximately 9.8% of the shares of Novametrix common stock
issued and outstanding on the record date. Each of those directors, executive
officers and members of senior management entered into a voting agreement with
Respironics in connection with the merger pursuant to which they agreed that,
until such voting agreements are terminated, they would each vote, or cause to
be voted, Novametrix common stock owned by such director, executive officer or
other member of senior management FOR the adoption of the merger agreement (see
"The Voting Agreements" on page 63).

Voting of Proxies

     If you vote your shares of Novametrix common stock by signing a proxy and
returning it in time for the special meeting, your shares will be voted at the
special meeting in the manner specified in your proxy card. If your proxy is
properly executed but does not contain voting instructions, your proxy will be
voted FOR adoption of the merger agreement. If other matters are properly
presented before the special meeting, the persons named in your proxy will have
authority to vote in accordance with their judgment on any other such matter,
including, any proposal to adjourn or postpone the meeting or otherwise
concerning the conduct of the meeting. However, a proxy that has been designated
to vote against the adoption of the merger agreement will not be voted, either
directly or through a separate proposal, to adjourn the meeting to solicit
additional votes. It is not expected that any matter other than as described in
this proxy statement/prospectus will be brought before the special meeting.

     If you hold your shares in nominee or "street name" (which is the name of a
broker, bank or other record holder) you must either direct the record holder of
your shares on how to vote your shares or obtain a proxy from the record holder
to vote at the meeting.

Revocability of Proxies

     If you complete and mail the enclosed proxy card, it will not preclude you
from voting in person at the special meeting. If you are a record holder of
Novametrix common stock, you may revoke a proxy at any time prior to your proxy
being voted at the special meeting by:

     .    delivering, prior to the special meeting, to Corporate Secretary,
          Novametrix Medical Systems, Inc., 5 Technology Drive, Wallingford,
          Connecticut 06492, a written notice of revocation bearing a later date
          or time than your proxy;

     .    submitting a later-dated proxy that is properly executed; or

     .    attending the special meeting and voting in person.

     Simply attending the special meeting will not revoke your proxy. If you
instructed a broker to vote your shares, you must follow your broker's
directions for changing those instructions. If an adjournment occurs and no new
record date is set, it will have no effect on the ability of stockholders of
record as of the record date to exercise their voting rights or to revoke any
previously delivered proxies.

Solicitation of Proxies

     This proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to you in connection
with the solicitation of proxies by the Novametrix board of directors from the
holders of Novametrix common stock for use at the Novametrix special meeting.
Novametrix generally will bear the cost of solicitation of proxies. In addition
to solicitation by mail, certain directors, officers and employees of Novametrix
and its subsidiaries may solicit proxies from stockholders in person, by
telephone, or by electronic means. These persons will not be paid for soliciting
proxies. Novametrix may also have brokerage houses and other custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries forward solicitation materials to the beneficial owners
of Novametrix common stock held of record. Novametrix will reimburse these
persons for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with
soliciting proxies.

     STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THEIR PROXY CARDS.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

     This section describes the material provisions of the merger agreement,
Novametrix's obligations under the merger agreement and Respironics' guarantee
of Respironics Holdings' obligations under the merger agreement. This
description is not complete, and stockholders are encouraged to read the full
text of the merger agreement and the Respironics guarantee which are attached as
Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus.

The Merger

     General.

     Unless the merger agreement is terminated as described below, no later than
the third business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the closing
conditions set forth in the merger agreement or on such date as Novametrix and
Respironics Holdings otherwise agree to, Respironics Holdings and Novametrix
will file merger documentation with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, as prescribed by Delaware law, at which time the merger will be
effective.

     At the effective time of the merger, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the merger agreement and the applicable provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, the state law that applies to Novametrix and
Respironics Holdings, each of which is a Delaware corporation, Respironics
Holdings will be merged with and into Novametrix, the separate corporate
existence of Respironics Holdings will cease and Novametrix will continue as the
surviving corporation. Novametrix will then be a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Respironics.

     Charter Documents; Directors and Officers.

     The certificate of incorporation and by-laws of Respironics Holdings in
effect immediately prior to the effective time, which are required to contain at
that time the indemnification provisions described under "Indemnification and
Insurance" on page 57 below, will be the certificate of incorporation
of the surviving corporation, except that the name of the surviving corporation
will become "Respironics Novametrix, Inc.", until thereafter amended in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the certificate of incorporation
and by-laws and as provided by the Delaware General Corporation Law.

     From and after the effective time of the merger and until their respective
successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified, (i) the directors of
Respironics Holdings immediately prior to the effective time will be the
directors of the surviving corporation, each to hold office in accordance with
the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the surviving corporation, and
(ii) the officers of Respironics Holdings immediately prior to the effective
time and some of the officers of Novametrix to the extent provided for by
certain employment agreements with present officers of Novametrix will be
officers of the surviving corporation (see "The Merger - Interests of Certain
Persons in the Merger" on pages 45 through 47).

Merger Consideration

     Exchange Ratio.

     The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger,
each share of Novametrix common stock will be exchanged for a fraction of a
share of Respironics common stock. This number is referred to as the "exchange
ratio." The exchange ratio will be determined as follows:

     .    if the 20-day weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
          common stock immediately preceding (but excluding) the third trading
          day prior to the closing date of the merger exceeds $35.00, the
          fraction will be $8.75 divided by the 20-day weighted average selling
          price;

     .    if the 20-day weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
          common stock immediately preceding (but excluding) the third trading
          day prior to the closing date of the merger is equal to or exceeds
          $32.00 and equal to or below $35.00, the fraction will be 0.25 shares;

     .    if the 20-day weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
          common stock immediately preceding (but excluding) the third trading
          day prior to the closing date of the merger is equal to or exceeds
          $30.00 but is equal to or below $31.99, the fraction will be $8.00
          divided by the 20-day weighted average selling price; and

     .    if the 20-day weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics
          common stock immediately preceding (but excluding) the third trading
          day prior to the closing date of the merger is below $30.00, the
          fraction will be fixed at 0.2667 shares. However, if the 20-day
          weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics common stock
          is below $30.00, Novametrix shall have the right to terminate the
          merger agreement. (See "The Merger Agreement - Termination Rights" on
          page 61).

     The 20-day weighted average selling price of a share of Respironics common
stock immediately preceding (but excluding) the third trading day will be
determined based on reports from the Nasdaq Stock Market.

     Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.

     If any change in the outstanding shares of capital stock of Respironics or
Novametrix occurs from the date of the merger agreement until the effective time
of the merger, including any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split or
combination, exchange or readjustment of shares or any stock dividend, the
exchange ratio and any amounts payable pursuant to the merger or the merger
agreement will be adjusted appropriately. The merger agreement prohibits
Novametrix from making any such changes while the merger agreement is in effect.

     Fractional Shares of Respironics Common Stock.

     No fractional shares of Respironics common stock will be issued in the
merger. Novametrix stockholders who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of
a share of Respironics common stock will instead receive a cash payment, without
interest, determined by multiplying the fractional share to which such holder
would otherwise be entitled by the Respironics weighted average selling price
used in determining the exchange ratio.

Stock Options

     Each option to acquire shares of Novametrix common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will, at the effective
time, become fully vested and exercisable and otherwise will continue to have,
and be deemed to constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable under such Novametrix stock option, the same
number of shares of Respironics common stock as the holder of such Novametrix
stock option would have been entitled to receive pursuant to the merger had such
holder exercised such Novametrix stock option in full immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger, rounded to the nearest whole number of shares of
Respironics common stock. The exercise price per share of these options to
purchase Respironics common stock, rounded to the nearest cent, will equal the
aggregate exercise price for the shares of Novametrix common stock otherwise
purchasable pursuant to such Novametrix stock option divided by the number of
full shares of Respironics common stock deemed purchasable pursuant to such
Novametrix stock option. The merger agreement prohibits Novametrix from issuing
any stock options in addition to those outstanding on the date of the merger
agreement.

Stock Purchase Plan

     Beginning with the date of the merger agreement, Novametrix has not and
will not establish, or implement any decisions to establish, any new employee
stock purchase plans, nor will it extend the availability of the Novametrix
stock purchase plan to any employees not previously eligible to be included in
the Novametrix stock purchase plan. Novametrix has suspended its current stock
purchase plan until the effective time of the merger, and

all shares of Novametrix common stock issued under the Novametrix stock purchase
plan will be treated like all other shares of Novametrix common stock.

Warrants

     Each warrant to acquire shares of Novametrix common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will, at the effective
time, be deemed to constitute a warrant to acquire, on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable under such Novametrix warrant, the same number of
shares of Respironics common stock as the holder of such Novametrix warrant
would have been entitled to receive pursuant to the merger had such holder
exercised such Novametrix warrant in full immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger, rounded to the nearest whole number of shares of Respironics
common stock. The exercise price per share of these warrants to purchase
Respironics common stock, rounded to the nearest cent, will be equal to the
aggregate exercise price for the shares of Novametrix common stock otherwise
purchasable pursuant to such Novametrix warrant divided by the number of full
shares of Respironics common stock deemed purchasable pursuant to such
Novametrix warrant.

Cancellation

     Each share of Novametrix common stock held by Novametrix or any of its
subsidiaries or owned by Respironics or Respironics Holdings immediately prior
to the effective time of the merger will be cancelled and extinguished at the
effective time and not exchanged for or otherwise converted into shares of
Respironics common stock.

Exchange of Shares of Novametrix Common Stock

     As necessary from time to time following the effective time, Respironics
Holdings will make available to Mellon Investor Services L.L.C., as exchange
agent, (1) the shares of Respironics common stock required for the exchange of
shares of Novametrix common stock in the merger and (2) an amount of cash
sufficient to permit Mellon Investor Services to make the necessary payments of
cash in lieu of fractional shares of Respironics common stock.

     Promptly after the consummation of the merger, Respironics will instruct
Mellon Investor Services to mail to each holder of record, as of the effective
time, of a certificate which immediately prior to the effective time represented
outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock whose shares were converted into
the right to receive shares of Respironics common stock, a letter of transmittal
and instructions as to how to surrender such certificates in exchange for shares
of Respironics common stock and payment for any fractional shares of Respironics
common stock.

     Holders of certificates previously representing shares of Novametrix common
stock will not be paid dividends or distributions on the shares of Respironics
common stock (none of which have been declared to date) and will not be paid
cash in lieu of a fractional share of Respironics common stock until such
certificates are surrendered to Mellon Investor Services for exchange. When such
certificates are surrendered, the holder will receive any unpaid dividends with
a record date after the consummation of the merger (none of which have been
declared to date) and any cash in lieu of a fractional share of Respironics
common stock without interest. For all other corporate purposes, these
certificates will represent, from and after the consummation of the merger, the
right to receive the number of shares of Respironics common stock and cash in
respect of fractional shares of Respironics common stock into which such shares
of Novametrix common stock are actually converted in the merger.

     Mellon Investor Services will deliver shares of Respironics common stock in
exchange for lost, stolen or destroyed certificates formerly representing shares
of Novametrix common stock if the owner of these certificates signs an affidavit
of loss, theft or destruction, as appropriate. Respironics Holdings also may, in
its discretion, require the holder of these lost, stolen or destroyed
certificates to deliver a bond in a reasonable sum as an indemnity against any
claim that might be made against Respironics, Respironics Holdings or Mellon
Investor Services with respect to allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed
certificates.

     Any portion of the exchange fund consisting of cash and shares of
Respironics common stock which remains undistributed to the holders of shares of
Novametrix common stock for six months after the effective time will be
delivered to Respironics Holdings upon demand, and any holders of certificates
formerly representing shares of Novametrix common stock who have not theretofore
complied with the exchange instructions will thereafter look only to Respironics
Holdings for the shares of Respironics common stock and any cash in respect of
fractional shares of Respironics common stock to which they are entitled, in
each case without any interest thereon.

Representations and Warranties

     Novametrix has made customary representations and warranties in the merger
agreement about itself and its subsidiaries. Respironics Holdings has made
customary representations and warranties in the merger agreement about
Respironics and its subsidiaries.

Conduct of Business by Novametrix

     Novametrix has agreed to specified restrictions on its activities until
either the completion of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement.
In general, Novametrix is required to conduct its business, and will cause its
subsidiaries to conduct their businesses, only in the ordinary course of
business and in a manner consistent with past practice unless Respironics
Holdings otherwise agrees in writing. Novametrix will also use reasonable
commercial efforts to preserve substantially intact the business organization of
Novametrix and its subsidiaries, to keep available the services of the present
officers, employees and consultants of Novametrix and its subsidiaries and to
preserve the present relationships of Novametrix and its subsidiaries with
customers, suppliers and other persons with which Novametrix or any of its
subsidiaries has significant business relations. In particular, subject to
certain exceptions, Novametrix has agreed that neither it nor any of its
subsidiaries, without the prior written consent of Respironics Holdings, will,
among other things:

     .    amend or otherwise change the Novametrix certificate of incorporation
          or by-laws;

     .    issue, sell, dispose of or encumber, any equity security, option or
          other security convertible into or exercisable for equity securities
          except to a limited extent to employees or directors pursuant to the
          exercise of outstanding options or warrants;

     .    sell, dispose of or encumber any assets of Novametrix or any of its
          subsidiaries, except in the ordinary course of business and in a
          manner consistent with past practice, or dispositions of immaterial
          assets not in excess of $50,000 in the aggregate;

     .    declare or pay any dividend or other distribution, other than a
          dividend to Novametrix by a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novametrix;

     .    split, combine, redeem, repurchase or reclassify any of its capital
          stock;

     .    amend the terms or change the period of exercisability of, purchase,
          repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit any subsidiary to
          amend the terms or change the period of exercisability of, purchase,
          repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any of its or its
          subsidiaries' securities (including options and warrants), except (1)
          under the terms of certain existing agreements and (2) to the extent
          necessary to comply with tax withholding obligations in connection
          with the exercise of stock options; or

     .    settle, pay or discharge any claim, suit or other action brought or
          threatened against Novametrix with respect to or arising out of a
          stockholder equity interest in Novametrix.

     .    make any acquisitions;

     .    incur any indebtedness for borrowed money (including any guarantees of
          the indebtedness of another) other than (1) indebtedness outstanding
          on the date of the merger agreement, (2) borrowings and

          reborrowings under Novametrix's or any of its subsidiaries' credit
          facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 in excess of
          the borrowings outstanding under such credit facilities on the date of
          the merger agreement and (3) other borrowings not in excess of $50,000
          in the aggregate;

     .    make any loans or advances, other than in the ordinary course of
          business consistent with past practice;

     .    grant any severance or termination pay, except for obligations
          existing on the date of the merger agreement or in accordance with
          past practice, or generally enter into or amend any employment or
          severance agreement with any current or prospective employee;

     .    authorize any capital expenditures or purchases of fixed assets which
          are, in the aggregate, in excess of $375,000 over the period from the
          date of the merger agreement to the effective date of the merger; or

     .    increase the compensation or severance payable or to become payable to
          its directors, officers, employees or consultants, except for
          increases in salary, wages or bonuses of employees in accordance with
          past practice or as required by obligations existing on the date of
          the merger agreement;

     .    establish, adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining
          agreement, benefit plan, trust, fund, policy or arrangement for the
          benefit of any current or former directors, officers, employees or
          consultants or any of their beneficiaries;

     .    change accounting policies or procedures;

     .    make any tax election or settle or compromise any U.S. federal, state,
          local or non-U.S. tax liability;

     .    pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations in
          excess of $100,000 in the aggregate other than in the ordinary course
          of business and consistent with past practice;

     .    enter into, modify or renew any contract, agreement or arrangement,
          whether or not in writing, for the licensing of its technology;

     .    subject to certain exceptions permitted in the normal and ordinary
          course of business, enter into any contract, agreement or arrangement
          or any amendment, modification or renewal to any contract, agreement
          or arrangement unless Novametrix has the right to terminate such
          contract, agreement, arrangement, amendment, modification or renewal
          without penalty upon 30 days written notice; or

     .    take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions
          described above or any action which would make any of the
          representations or warranties of Novametrix contained in the merger
          agreement untrue or incorrect or prevent Novametrix from performing or
          cause Novametrix not to perform its covenants under the merger
          agreement.

Conduct of Business by Respironics

     Respironics Holdings has agreed to specified restrictions on Respironics'
activities until either the completion of the merger or the termination of the
merger agreement. In general, Respironics Holdings will take all action
necessary to cause Respironics to conduct its business and to cause its
subsidiaries to conduct their businesses in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice, including actions taken by Respironics or its
subsidiaries in contemplation of the merger or other business acquisitions
otherwise in compliance with the merger agreement. In particular, subject to
certain exceptions, neither Respironics nor any of its subsidiaries, without the
prior written consent of Novametrix will:

     .    amend or otherwise change Respironics' certificate of incorporation or
          by-laws;

     .    make or agree to make any acquisition of any business or assets or
          disposition of assets which would materially delay or prevent the
          consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by
          the merger agreement, other than an acquisition or disposition where
          the value of such transaction is less than 10% of the market
          capitalization of Respironics;

     .    declare, set aside, make or pay any dividend or other distribution on
          any of its capital stock, other than a dividend to Respironics by a
          wholly-owned subsidiary of Respironics;

     .    change accounting policies or procedures; or

     .    take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, actions described
          above or any action which would make any of the representations or
          warranties of Respironics Holdings contained in the merger agreement
          untrue or incorrect or cause Respironics Holdings not to perform its
          covenants under the merger agreement.

No Solicitation

     Novametrix has agreed that it will not solicit or knowingly encourage the
initiation of, including by way of furnishing information, any inquiries or
proposals regarding any merger, sale of assets, sale of shares of capital stock
or similar transactions involving Novametrix or any of its subsidiaries that if
consummated would constitute an "Alternative Transaction." An Alternative
Transaction means:

     .    any transaction pursuant to which any third party acquires more than
          25% of the outstanding shares of any class of Novametrix equity
          securities, whether from Novametrix or pursuant to a tender offer, an
          exchange offer or otherwise;

     .    a merger or other business combination involving Novametrix pursuant
          to which any third party acquires more than 25% of the outstanding
          equity securities of Novametrix or the entity surviving such merger or
          business combination;

     .    any transaction pursuant to which any third party acquires or would
          acquire control of assets of Novametrix or any significant subsidiary;
          or

     .    any other consolidation, business combination, recapitalization or
          similar transaction involving Novametrix or any of its significant
          subsidiaries, other than transactions contemplated by the merger
          agreement.

     Any inquiry or proposal by a third party to effect an Alternative
Transaction is referred to as an "Acquisition Proposal."

     If the Novametrix board of directors, following consultation with
independent legal counsel, reasonably determines in good faith that such action
is or is reasonably likely to be required to discharge properly its fiduciary
duties, the Novametrix board of directors, after notice to Respironics Holdings,
is permitted to:

     .    furnish information to a third party which has made, but was not
          solicited to make in violation of the merger agreement, a bona fide
          Acquisition Proposal that the Novametrix board of directors concludes
          in good faith after consulting with a nationally recognized investment
          banking firm would, if consummated, reasonably be expected to
          constitute a "Superior Proposal," as defined below; and

     .    consider and negotiate a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that the
          Novametrix board of directors concludes in good faith after consulting
          with a nationally recognized investment banking firm is a Superior
          Proposal not solicited in violation of the merger agreement.

     A Superior Proposal is any proposal made by a third party to acquire,
directly or indirectly, for cash and/or securities, all of Novametrix common
stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or all or

substantially all of Novametrix's assets, on terms which the Novametrix board of
directors reasonably believes, after consultation with a nationally recognized
financial advisor and after taking into account the likelihood of, and extra
time required for, consummation of such Superior Proposal, and the termination
fee which will be payable to Respironics upon termination of the merger
agreement (see "Termination Fees and Expenses" on page [ ]), to be more
favorable from a financial point of view to Novametrix stockholders than the
merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, taking into
account at the time of determination any changes to the financial terms of the
merger proposed by Respironics Holdings, although a Superior Proposal may be
subject to a diligence review and other customary conditions.

     Neither Novametrix nor the Novametrix board of directors may withdraw or
modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Respironics
Holdings, the approval by the Novametrix board of directors of the merger
agreement and the merger, except to the extent that the Novametrix board of
directors reasonably determines in good faith and after consultation with
independent legal counsel that it is or is reasonably likely to be required to
do so in order to discharge properly its fiduciary duties.

     In addition, unless the merger agreement has been terminated in accordance
with its terms, Novametrix and the Novametrix board of directors may not enter
into any agreement with respect to, or otherwise approve or recommend, or
propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or Alternative
Transaction.

     The merger agreement expressly provides that the foregoing covenants do not
prohibit Novametrix from taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
regarding an Alternative Transaction or Acquisition Proposal required by the
Exchange Act or from making any disclosure to its stockholders required by
applicable law, rule or regulation or by the Nasdaq Stock Market.

     Novametrix has agreed:

     .    to immediately cease and cause to be terminated any discussions or
          negotiations with any third party that were ongoing at the time of the
          execution of the merger agreement;

     .    not to release any third party from the confidentiality and standstill
          provisions of any agreement to which Novametrix is a party except for
          a release from standstill provisions in connection with a Superior
          Proposal;

     .    to notify Respironics Holdings promptly and no later than 24 hours
          after receipt of, or modification or amendment to, any Acquisition
          Proposal or any request for nonpublic information relating to
          Novametrix or any of its subsidiaries in connection with an
          Acquisition Proposal or for access to the properties, books or records
          of Novametrix and to disclose to Respironics Holdings the terms of all
          Acquisition Proposals and the identity of the person making all
          Acquisition Proposals and whether Novametrix is providing or intends
          to provide the person making the Acquisition Proposal with access to
          such requested information; and

     .    to promptly notify Respironics Holdings orally and in writing if it
          enters into negotiations concerning any Acquisition Proposal.

     Novametrix will ensure that the officers and directors of Novametrix and
its subsidiaries and any investment banker or other advisor or representative
retained by Novametrix are aware of the restrictions described above.

Certain Other Covenants

     Consents; Approvals

     Each of Novametrix and Respironics Holdings will use its reasonable best
efforts, and Respironics Holdings will cause Respironics to use its reasonable
best efforts, to obtain, and to cooperate with each other in order to obtain,
all required consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders. Each of
Novametrix and

Respironics Holdings will make all filings required in connection with the
authorization, execution and delivery of the merger agreement and the
consummation by them of the transactions contemplated thereby.

     Agreements with Respect to Affiliates

     Novametrix has identified to Respironics Holdings all persons who are
anticipated to be "affiliates" of Novametrix for purposes of Rule 145 under the
Securities Act at the time of the meeting of the Novametrix stockholders.
Novametrix will use its reasonable best efforts to cause each person identified
as an "affiliate" to deliver to Respironics Holdings a written agreement that he
or she will only dispose of shares of Respironics common stock in compliance
with the securities laws.

     Indemnification and Insurance

     For six years following the consummation of the merger, the articles of
incorporation and by-laws of the surviving corporation will contain the same
indemnification provisions as currently set forth in the Novametrix certificate
of incorporation and by-laws, and these provisions will not be amended, modified
or otherwise repealed in any manner that would adversely affect the rights
thereunder of individuals who were directors, officers, employees or agents of
Novametrix at or prior to the consummation of the merger unless otherwise
required by law.

     After the consummation of the merger, the surviving corporation will, to
the fullest extent permitted under applicable law or under its articles of
incorporation or by-laws, indemnify and hold harmless each present and former
director, officer or employee of Novametrix or any of its subsidiaries against
any costs or expenses, judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of or pertaining to the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement or otherwise with respect to any acts or omissions
occurring at or prior to the consummation of the merger, to the same extent as
provided in the Novametrix certificate of incorporation or by-laws or any
applicable contract or agreement as in effect on the date of the merger
agreement, in each case for a period of six years following the consummation of
the merger.

     Following the merger, the surviving corporation will honor and fulfill in
all respects Novametrix's obligations under the indemnification agreements and
employment agreements with Novametrix's officers and directors existing at or
before the consummation of the merger.

     In addition, for a period of not less than six years after the consummation
of the merger, the surviving corporation will provide Novametrix's current
directors and officers with an insurance and indemnification policy that
provides coverage for events occurring at or prior to the consummation of the
merger that is no less favorable than Novametrix's existing policy or, if
substantially equivalent insurance coverage is unavailable, the next best
available coverage; provided, however, that the surviving corporation will not
be required to pay an annual insurance premium in excess of 175% of the annual
premium currently paid by Novametrix for such insurance, but in such case will
purchase as much coverage as possible for such amount.

     These provisions are not intended in any way to limit the rights of the
indemnified persons under the Novametrix certificate of incorporation and
by-laws or any agreements permitted under the merger agreement, which rights are
intended to survive the merger and to be binding on the surviving corporation
and its successors and assigns.

     Further Action/Tax Treatment

     The parties to the merger agreement will use all reasonable efforts to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all
other things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective as
promptly as practicable the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
to obtain in a timely manner all necessary waivers, consents and approvals and
to effect all necessary registrations and filings, and otherwise to satisfy or
cause to be satisfied all conditions precedent to each of their obligations
under the merger agreement. In addition, Respironics Holdings and Novametrix
will, and Respironics Holdings will cause Respironics to, use its reasonable
best efforts to cause the merger to qualify as a reorganization within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the

U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as specified in the merger agreement, and will not,
either before or after the consummation of the merger, take any actions which,
or fail to take any actions which, if not taken, might reasonably be expected to
prevent the merger from so qualifying.

     Public Announcements

     Respironics Holdings and Novametrix will not issue any press release or
make any written public statement with respect to the merger or the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby without the prior consent of
the other party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. A party is
permitted to make disclosures without the consent of the other party as required
by law or the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market, if the
disclosing party has used all reasonable efforts to consult with the other
party.

     Shares of Respironics Common Stock

     Respironics Holdings will take all actions necessary so that Respironics
will issue to Respironics Holdings the shares of Respironics common stock to be
delivered to Novametrix stockholders in the merger. Respironics has also
guaranteed to use its reasonable best efforts to list on the Nasdaq Stock Market
the shares of Respironics common stock to be delivered in the merger prior to
the effective time of the merger.

     Certain Employee Benefits

     The surviving corporation, at its sole discretion, will either continue the
current employee benefits of Novametrix or will provide each person who was an
employee of Novametrix or any of its subsidiaries at the effective time of the
merger with employee benefits that are comparable in the aggregate to those
provided to similarly situated employees of Respironics, with "similarly
situated" to be determined in light of the employee's responsibilities after the
merger. It is the intention of Respironics either to maintain existing employee
benefits of Novametrix or arrange for each person who was an employee of
Novametrix or any of its subsidiaries to become participants in Respironics'
existing employee benefit plans after the effective time of the merger.

     The surviving corporation will recognize service accrued by Novametrix
employees prior to the effective time for all purposes, will waive pre-existing
condition limitations and eligibility waiting periods under any group health
plan and will give credit for amounts paid prior to the effective time for
purposes of applying deductibles, co-payments and out-of-pocket maximums.

     From and after the effective time of the merger, Respironics Holdings will
take all actions necessary so that Respironics will honor in accordance with
their terms all benefits and obligations under the Novametrix employee benefit
plans and all agreements with employees and consultants of Novametrix, each as
in effect on the date of the merger agreement or as amended pursuant to the
merger agreement.

     These provisions may not be enforced against the surviving corporation by
any employee of Novametrix or any other person. Subject to compliance with these
provisions, they do not prevent the surviving corporation or any other
subsidiary of Respironics from amending or modifying any employee benefit plan,
program or arrangement in any respect in accordance with its terms or, subject
to the terms of the relevant plan, terminating, or modifying the terms and
conditions of, employment or other service of any person.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

     The obligations of the parties to consummate the merger are subject to the
satisfaction at or prior to the effective time of the following conditions:

     .    Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The registration statement of
          which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part has become effective
          under the Securities Act and the SEC has not issued any stop order
          suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement, nor has
          the SEC initiated or threatened any proceedings for that purpose or in
          respect of this proxy statement/prospectus.

     .    Stockholder Adoption. The holders of a majority of the issued and
          outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock have adopted the merger
          agreement.

     .    Regulatory Clearances and Approvals.

          .    All waiting periods applicable to the consummation of the merger
               under the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
               as amended, have expired or been terminated;

          .    all material and necessary clearances and approvals for the
               merger under any non-U.S. antitrust laws have been obtained;

          .    any other federal, state, local or foreign regulatory clearances
               and approvals necessary to the consummation of the merger have
               been obtained; and

          .    all other waiting periods imposed by any governmental authority
               in connection with such regulatory clearances have expired.

     .    Governmental Actions. No order, stay, decree, judgment or injunction
          of any governmental authority, administrative agency or court of
          competent jurisdiction enjoining, prohibiting or materially adversely
          affecting the merger has been issued that has not been vacated,
          dismissed or withdrawn as of the effective date of the merger, and
          there is no pending or threatened (in writing) litigation or
          proceeding by any governmental authority which seeks to enjoin or
          prohibit the merger or to impose material damages on either
          Respironics or Novametrix because of the merger.

     .    Illegality. No statute, rule, regulation or order has been enacted,
          entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the merger which makes the
          consummation of the merger illegal.

     .    NASD Quotation. The National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
          must have approved for quotation on the Nasdaq Stock Market, all of
          the shares of Respironics common stock to be issued in the merger.

     In addition, Respironics Holdings' obligation to effect the merger is
subject to fulfillment of the following additional conditions:

     .    Representation and Warranties. The representations and warranties of
          Novametrix set forth in the merger agreement will be true and correct
          to the extent required in the merger agreement.

     .    Performance of Obligations. Novametrix will have performed and
          complied in all material respects with all agreements, covenants and
          conditions required by the merger agreement to be performed or
          complied with by it prior to the effective time of the merger.

     .    Affiliates' Agreements. Respironics will have received a written
          agreement from all persons identified by Novametrix as "affiliates" of
          Novametrix for purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act that he
          or she will only dispose of shares of Respironics common stock in
          compliance with the securities law.

     .    Employment Agreements and Related Agreements. Respironics Holdings
          will have received executed employment agreements from William J.
          Lacourciere, Philip F. Nuzzo, Anthony Pierry and Catherine Bush (all
          of which have been received), and which are not terminated, repudiated
          or breached.

     .    Federal Tax Opinion. Respironics will have received the opinion of
          Reed Smith LLP, to the effect that

          .    the merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of
               Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

          .    Respironics, Respironics Holdings and Novametrix will each be a
               "party to a reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(b)
               of the Internal Revenue Code;

          .    no gain or loss will be recognized by Respironics, Respironics
               Holdings or Novametrix as a result of the merger;

          .    except in connection with cash received in lieu of fractional
               shares, no gain or loss will be recognized by Novametrix
               stockholders who receive solely Respironics common stock (and
               cash in lieu of fractional shares), on the exchange of their
               shares of Novametrix common stock for shares of Respironics
               common stock;

          .    the aggregate basis of the shares of Respironics common stock to
               be received by Novametrix stockholders will be the same as the
               aggregate basis of the shares of Novametrix common stock
               exchanged therefor (reduced by an amount attributable to
               fractional shares); and

          .    the holding period of the shares of Respironics common stock to
               be received by Novametrix stockholders will include the period
               during which shares of Novametrix common stock surrendered were
               held by the Novametrix stockholder (provided such Novametrix
               common stock was held as a capital asset in the hands of the
               Novametrix stockholder at the time of the exchange).

     In addition, Novametrix's obligation to effect the merger is subject to
fulfillment of the following additional conditions:

     .    Representation and Warranties. The representations and warranties of
          Respironics Holdings set forth in the merger agreement will be true
          and correct to the extent required in the merger agreement.

     .    Performance of Obligations. Respironics Holdings will have performed
          and complied in all material respects with all agreements, covenants
          and conditions required by the merger agreement to be performed or
          complied with by it prior to the effective time of the merger.

     .    Federal Tax Opinion. Novametrix will have received the opinion of
          Torys LLP to the effect that

          .    the merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of
               Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

          .    Respironics, Respironics Holdings and Novametrix will each be a
               "party to a reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(b)
               of the Internal Revenue Code;

          .    no gain or loss will be recognized by Respironics, Respironics
               Holdings or Novametrix as a result of the merger;

          .    except in connection with cash received in lieu of fractional
               shares, no gain or loss will be recognized by Novametrix
               stockholders who receive solely Respironics common stock (and
               cash in lieu of fractional shares), on the exchange of their
               shares of Novametrix common stock for shares of Respironics
               common stock;

          .    the aggregate basis of the shares of Respironics common stock to
               be received by Novametrix stockholders will be the same as the
               aggregate basis of the shares of Novametrix common stock
               exchanged therefor (reduced by an amount attributable to
               fractional shares); and

          .    the holding period of the shares of Respironics common stock to
               be received by Novametrix stockholders will include the period
               during which shares of Novametrix common stock surrendered were
               held by the Novametrix stockholder (provided such Novametrix
               common stock

               was held as a capital asset in the hands of the Novametrix
               stockholder at the time of the exchange).

Termination of the Merger Agreement

     Termination Rights

     The merger agreement may be terminated:

     .    by mutual written consent duly authorized by the respective boards of
          directors of Respironics Holdings and Novametrix at any time prior to
          the effective time of the merger;

     .    by Novametrix or Respironics Holdings in the event of a material
          breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the
          other party in the merger agreement, which breach, if curable, has not
          been cured within 30 days after written notice of the breach is given
          to the breaching party by the party electing to terminate;

     .    by Novametrix or Respironics Holdings at any time after Novametrix
          stockholders have failed to adopt the merger agreement, in a vote
          taken at a meeting duly convened for that purpose, provided that the
          party electing to terminate will have fulfilled each of its and its
          subsidiaries' conditions described under "Conditions to Completion of
          Merger" on page 58 above;

     .    by Novametrix or Respironics Holdings at any time after a final
          judicial or regulatory determination (as to which all periods for
          appeal have expired and no appeal will be pending) denying any
          regulatory clearance and/or approval required for the merger;

     .    by Respironics Holdings within three business days after Respironics
          Holdings delivers to Novametrix a notice of a regulatory clearance or
          approval from a government authority or agency which contains or
          imposes any condition or requirement which in Respironics Holdings'
          reasonable business judgment is adverse to the best interests of the
          combined entities;

     .    by Novametrix or Respironics Holdings if the effective time of the
          merger has not occurred by June 17, 2002, provided that this right to
          terminate may not be exercised by any party whose failure to fulfill
          any obligation or satisfy any condition under the merger agreement has
          caused or resulted in the failure of the effective time of the merger
          to occur on or before such date;

     .    by Novametrix if the Novametrix board of directors has approved an
          Acquisition Proposal (the definition of Acquisition Proposal is set
          forth, and subject to the terms described, under "No Solicitation"
          beginning on page 55 above), after determining, upon the basis of
          advice of outside counsel that such action is necessary in order for
          the Novametrix board of directors to act in a manner consistent with
          its fiduciary obligations under applicable law; or

     .    by Novametrix if the 20-day weighted average selling price of a share
          of Respironics common stock immediately preceding (but excluding) the
          third trading day prior to the closing date of the merger is less than
          $30.00 provided, that, Novametrix must exercise this right to
          terminate within two business days after termination of the
          calculation period.

     Termination Fees and Expenses

     Novametrix will pay Respironics a fee of $3,400,000, and will pay the
actual, documented and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of Respironics and
Respironics Holdings relating to the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including, but not limited to, reasonable fees and expenses of
counsel and accountants and out-of-pocket expenses (but not fees) of financial
advisors, of up to $425,000, upon the first to occur of any of the following
events:

     .    the Novametrix board of directors fails to recommend adoption of the
          merger agreement by the Novametrix stockholders, or withdraws,
          modifies or changes its recommendation of the merger in a manner
          adverse to Respironics, or has resolved to do any of the foregoing,
          other than following termination by mutual consent or under the
          following circumstances permitting termination by Novametrix:

          .    a material breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or
               agreement which breach, if curable, has not been cured by
               Respironics within 30 days of written notice from Novametrix;

          .    at any time after a final judicial or regulatory determination
               denying a regulatory clearance and/or approval required for the
               merger;

          .    if the effective time of the merger has not occurred by June 17,
               2002, provided that Novametrix's failure to fulfill an obligation
               or satisfy a condition under the merger agreement has not caused,
               or resulted in, the failure of the effective time to occur on or
               prior to such date; or

          .    the 20-day weighted average selling price of a share of
               Respironics common stock immediately preceding (but excluding)
               the third trading day prior to the closing date of the merger is
               less than $30.00.

     .    Novametrix terminates the merger agreement following the Novametrix
          board of directors' approval of an Acquisition Proposal (the
          definition of Acquisition Proposal is set forth under "No
          Solicitation" beginning on page 55 above); or

     .    Within 12 months following the termination of the merger agreement,
          Novametrix executes and delivers a definitive agreement for, or the
          Novametrix board of directors approves, a transaction, involving (i) a
          merger or consolidation, or any similar transaction, involving
          Novametrix or any significant subsidiary, (ii) a purchase, lease or
          other acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of
          Novametrix or any significant subsidiary or (iii) a purchase or other
          acquisition (including by way of merger, consolidation, share exchange
          or otherwise) of securities representing 30% or more of the voting
          power of the Novametrix or any significant subsidiary (other than, in
          the case of the transfer of securities of any significant subsidiary,
          transfers between Novametrix and/or one or more of its subsidiaries),
          unless such termination is by mutual consent or by Novametrix under
          the following circumstances:

          .    a material breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or
               agreement which breach, if curable, has not been cured by
               Respironics within 30 days of written notice from Novametrix;

          .    at any time after a final judicial or regulatory determination
               denying a regulatory clearance and/or approval required for the
               merger;

          .    if the effective time of the merger has not occurred by June 17,
               2002, provided that Novametrix's failure to fulfill an obligation
               or satisfy a condition under the merger agreement has not caused,
               or resulted in, the failure of the effective time to occur on or
               prior to such date; or

          .    the 20-day weighted average selling price of a share of
               Respironics common stock immediately preceding (but excluding)
               the third trading day prior to the closing date of the merger is
               less than $30.00.

     The fee and/or expenses described above are payable in immediately
available funds within five business day following the occurrence of the event
requiring such payment.

     The fee payable under certain circumstances by Novametrix to Respironics is
intended, among other things, to compensate Respironics and Respironics Holdings
for their respective costs, including lost opportunity costs, if certain actions
or inactions by Novametrix or its stockholders lead to the abandonment of the
merger. This may

have the effect of increasing the likelihood that the merger will be consummated
in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement. The fee may also have the
effect of discouraging other persons from making an offer to acquire all of, or
a significant interest in, Novametrix by increasing the cost of any such
acquisition.

     Except as described above, all fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement will be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not the
merger is consummated.

Amendment and Waiver; Parties in Interest

     The parties to the merger agreement may amend the merger agreement in
writing by action taken by or on behalf of their respective boards of directors
at any time prior to the consummation of the merger. However, after approval of
the merger agreement by the Novametrix stockholders, the merger agreement cannot
be amended without stockholder approval if stockholder approval of the amendment
is required by law.

     At any time prior to the consummation of the merger, any party to the
merger agreement may extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts by the other, waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement or in any
document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement, or waive compliance with
any of the agreements or conditions contained in the merger agreement. This
extension or waiver will be valid if set forth in writing by the party or
parties granting this extension or waiver.

     The merger agreement is binding upon and inures solely to the benefit of
its parties. Nothing in the merger agreement, express or implied, confers upon
any other person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, other
than certain indemnification and insurance obligations of Respironics Holdings
and Novametrix following the consummation of the merger which are intended for
the benefit of certain specified officers and directors of Novametrix and may be
enforced by these individuals, and other than the right of Novametrix
stockholders to receive the merger consideration if the merger is consummated,
but not otherwise. In addition, Respironics may enforce the fee and expenses
provisions described under "Termination Fees and Expenses" beginning on page 61
above.

Guarantee

     Respironics has irrevocably guaranteed every representation, warranty,
covenant, agreement and other obligation of Respironics Holdings under the
merger agreement.

                              THE VOTING AGREEMENTS

     The following is a summary of the material terms of the voting agreements.
This description is qualified by reference to the complete text of the form of
voting agreement, which is incorporated by reference and attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex C. Novametrix stockholders are encouraged to read
the form of the voting agreement carefully and in its entirety.

Agreement to Vote and Proxy

     In connection with the merger agreement, each of Novametrix's directors and
executive officers and certain members of Novametrix's senior management
(collectively known as the Novametrix director and management stockholders)
entered into voting agreements with Respironics. At January 15, 2002, the
Novametrix director and management stockholders beneficially owned 863,638
outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock. These shares represented 9.8% of
the total issued and outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock at January
15, 2002.

     Under the terms of the voting agreements, such directors, officers and
senior managers agreed that, until such voting agreements are terminated, he or
she would vote, or cause to be voted, all of his or her shares in favor of the
adoption of the merger agreement, and that each such director, officer and
senior manager will use his or her best

efforts to cause any other shares of Novametrix common stock over which he or
she has or shares voting power to be voted in favor of the merger agreement and
the merger.

     Each of the Novametrix director and management stockholders agreed not to
enter into any agreement or commitment with any person, the effect of which
would be inconsistent with or violate any of the provisions and agreements set
forth above.

Restrictions on Voting

     Each of the Novametrix director and management stockholders agreed with
Respironics that, during the period commencing on the date of the voting
agreements and ending on the date that the voting agreements are terminated,
such Novametrix director and management stockholders will not vote or cause or
permit any of his or her shares to be voted in favor of any other merger,
consolidation, liquidation, or other transaction which would have the effect of
any person other than Respironics or its affiliate acquiring majority voting
control over Novametrix.

Restrictions on Transfer

     Each of the Novametrix director and management stockholders entering into
voting agreements agreed with Respironics that, during the period commencing on
the date of the voting agreements and ending on the date that the voting
agreements are terminated, such Novametrix director and management stockholders
will not sell or otherwise transfer any of his or her shares:

     .    pursuant to any tender offer, exchange offer, or similar proposal made
          by any person (other than Respironics or its affiliate);

     .    to any person seeking to obtain control of Novametrix, any of its
          subsidiaries or any substantial portion of the assets of Novametrix or
          any of its subsidiaries or to any other person (other than Respironics
          or its affiliates) under circumstances where such sale or transfer may
          reasonably be expected to assist a person seeking to obtain such
          control; or

     .    for the principal purpose of avoiding his or her obligations under the
          voting agreement.

Termination

     The voting agreements will terminate upon the earlier of consummation of
the merger or the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its
terms.

Effect of the Voting Agreements

     The voting agreements are intended to make it more likely that the merger
will be completed on the agreed terms. These agreements may have the effect of
making an acquisition or other business combination involving Novametrix by or
with a third party more difficult because the shares of Novametrix common stock
held pursuant to these agreements would be unable to be voted in favor of any
such acquisition or other business combination prior to the termination of the
merger agreement.

                               SECURITY OWNERSHIP
            OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF NOVAMETRIX

Certain Beneficial Owners

     The stockholders (including any "group," as that term is used in Section
13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) who, to the knowledge of the
Novametrix board of directors beneficially owned more than five percent of the
Novametrix common stock as of January 15, 2002, and their respective
shareholdings as of such date (according to information furnished by them to
Novametrix), are set forth in the following table. Except as indicated in the
footnotes to the table, all of such shares are owned with sole voting and
investment power.

                                                    Shares of Common Stock          Percent
Name and Address                                      Beneficially Owned            of Class
- ----------------                                      ------------------            --------

General Electric Company (1)
    3135 Easton Turnpike
 Fairfield, Connecticut 06431
GE Medical Systems, Inc. (1)
    8200 West Tower Avenue
    Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53223 ...............              750,000                    8.3%

Kairos Partners, LP (2)
Kairos Partners GP,  LLC (2)
Aim High Enterprises, Inc. (2)
    c/o Aim High Enterprises, Inc.
    600 Longwater Drive, Suite 204
    Norwell, Massachusetts  02061
StoneGate Partners, LLC (2)
    45 Milk Street, 7th Floor
    Boston, Massachusetts  02108 ...............            573,590                    6.5%

Charles F. Manning, Jr., M.D. Group (3)
    1831 Ox Bottom Road
    Tallahassee, Florida 32312 ...............              575,338                    6.5%

William J. Lacourciere (4)
    c/o Novametrix Medical Systems Inc.
    5 Technology Drive
    Wallingford, Connecticut 06492 .............            459,466                    5.2%

_________________

(1)  Information as to General Electric Company and GE Medical Systems, Inc. is
     based upon a report on Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on March 16, 2000 by
     General Electric and GE Medical. Such report indicates that GE Medical
     beneficially owns an aggregate of 750,000 shares. General Electric
     disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock issued to GE
     Medical.

(2)  Information as to Kairos Partners, LP, Kairos Partners GP, LLC, Aim High
     Enterprises, Inc., and StoneGate Partners, LLC is based upon a report on
     Schedule 13D filed with the Commission on November 14, 2001. Such report
     indicates that Kairos Partners, LP beneficially owns an aggregate of
     573,590 shares. Each of the other parties disclaims beneficial ownership of
     the shares of common stock issued to Kairos Partners, LP.

(3)  Information as to the Charles F. Manning, Jr., M.D. Group is based upon
     reports on Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on April 10, 1997 by such group.
     Such reports indicate that such group beneficially owns an aggregate of
     575,338 shares, which includes 72,570 shares issuable on the exercise of
     currently exercisable warrants.

(4)  Includes (i) 5,907 shares held for the account of Mr. Lacourciere under the
     Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan, (ii) 1,000
     shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable warrants held by
     Mr. Lacourciere, which warrants will expire on March 8, 2002, and (iii)
     106,666 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock
     options held by Mr. Lacourciere. Does not include an additional 13,334
     shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Lacourciere
     which are not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in
     connection with the merger.

Directors and Executive Officers

         The following table sets forth, as of January 15, 2002, the number of
shares of Novametrix common stock beneficially owned by each of the directors,
the chief executive officer and each of the four highest paid executive officers
of Novametrix, and all directors and executive officers of Novametrix as a
group, according to information furnished by such persons to Novametrix.

                                                    Shares of Common Stock          Percent
Name                                                  Beneficially Owned           of Class
- ----                                                  ------------------           --------

Jeffery A. Baird .................................           25,926 (1)                *
    Corporate Controller and Treasurer

Paul A. Cote .....................................           74,856 (2)                *
    Director of the Company

Vartan Ghugasian .................................           84,166 (3)                *
    Director of the Company

Thomas M. Haythe .................................          146,040 (4)              1.7%
    Director of the Company

William J. Lacourciere ...........................          459,466 (5)              5.2%
    Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
    Officer and Director of the Company

John P. Mahoney ..................................          190,258 (6)              2.2%
    Director of the Company

Philip F. Nuzzo ..................................           77,419 (7)                *
    Vice President - Product and Business
    Development

Thomas M. Patton .................................           81,300 (8)                *
    President and Chief Operating Officer

Photios T. Paulson ...............................           40,500 (9)                *
    Director of the Company

Steven J. Shulman ................................           41,000 (10)               *
    Director of the Company

Joseph A. Vincent ................................          110,133 (11)             1.2%
    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
    Officer and Secretary

All directors and executive officers as a group
    (eleven persons) .............................        1,331,064 (1)(2)(3)(4)    14.3%
                                                                    (5)(6)(7)(8)
                                                                    (9)(10)(11)

_________________

*   Less than one percent.

(1)  Includes (i) 1,533 shares held for the account of Mr. Baird under the
     Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan, and (ii)
     20,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock
     options held by Mr. Baird.

(2)  Includes 26,666 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     stock options held by Mr. Cote. Does not include an additional 38,334
     shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Cote which
     are not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in connection
     with the merger.

(3)  Includes 1,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     warrants held by Dr. Ghugasian, which warrants will expire on March 8,
     2002, and 26,666 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     stock options held by Dr. Ghugasian. Does not include an additional 38,334
     shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Ghugasian
     which are not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in
     connection with the merger.

(4)  Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     stock options held by Mr. Haythe. Does not include an additional 30,000
     shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Haythe which
     are not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in connection
     with the merger.

(5)  Includes (i) 5,907 shares held for the account of Mr. Lacourciere under the
     Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan, (ii) 1,000
     shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable warrants held by
     Mr. Lacourciere, which warrants will expire on March 8, 2002, and (iii)
     106,666 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock
     options held by Mr. Lacourciere. Does not include an additional 13,334
     shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Lacourciere
     which are not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in
     connection with the merger.

(6)  Includes 10,400 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     warrants held by Dr. Mahoney, which warrants will expire on March 8, 2002,
     and 18,333 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock
     options held by Dr. Mahoney. Does not include an additional 46,667 shares
     issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Mahoney which are
     not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in connection with
     the merger.

(7)  Includes (i) 2,561 shares held for the account of Mr. Nuzzo under the
     Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan, and (ii)
     68,998 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock
     options held by Mr. Nuzzo. Does not include an additional 30,002 shares
     issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Nuzzo which are not
     currently exercisable but will become exercisable in connection with the
     merger.

(8)  Includes 60,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     stock options held by Mr. Patton. Does not include an additional 315,000
     shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Patton which
     are not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in connection
     with the merger.

(9)  Includes 10,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     warrants held by Mr. Paulson, which warrants will expire on November 30,
     2002, and 25,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     stock options held by Mr. Paulson. Does not include an additional 30,000
     shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Paulson
     which are not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in
     connection with the merger.

(10) Includes 35,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable
     stock options held by Mr. Shulman. Does not include an additional 30,000
     shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Shulman
     which are not currently exercisable but will become exercisable in
     connection with the merger.

(11) Includes (i) 3,176 shares held for the account of Mr. Vincent under the
     Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan,, (ii) 200
     shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable warrants held by
     Mr. Vincent, which warrants will expire on March 8, 2002, and (iii) 58,999
     shares issuable upon the exercise of currently exercisable stock options
     held by Mr. Vincent. Does not include an additional 40,001 shares issuable
     upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. Vincent which are not
     currently exercisable but will become exercisable in connection with the
     merger.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA

         The merger will be accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. Accordingly, the accompanying unaudited pro forma combined
condensed financial information gives effect to the transaction in accordance
with the purchase method of accounting. The unaudited pro forma combined
condensed financial information gives effect to the merger as though it were
completed as of the beginning of the periods stated and should be read in
conjunction with:

         1.    Respironics' audited consolidated financial statements, including
               the accounting policies and notes thereto, included in its Annual
               Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001 and
               its unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
               included in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
               period ended September 30, 2001.

         2.    Novametrix's audited consolidated financial statements, including
               the accounting policies and notes thereto, included in its Annual
               Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 29, 2001 and
               its unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
               included in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
               periods ended July 29, 2001 and October 28, 2001.

         The following unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
information sets forth the combined results of operations for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2001 and the quarter ended September 30, 2001, and the financial
position as of September 30, 2001 as if the merger had occurred as of that date.
Novametrix has an April fiscal year end, which differs from Respironics' June
fiscal year end, and accordingly the companies' fiscal quarters also end on
different dates. In order to develop unaudited pro forma combined condensed
financial statements using Respironics' fiscal year and quarter end dates,
Respironics' September 30, 2001 unaudited balance sheet was combined with
Novametrix's October 28, 2001 unaudited balance sheet, Respironics' quarter end
September 30, 2001 unaudited income statement was combined with Novametrix's
quarter end October 28, 2001 unaudited income statement, and Respironics' fiscal
year end June 30, 2001 income statement was combined with Novametrix's fiscal
year end April 29, 2001 income statement. Novametrix unaudited financial
statements for the quarter ended July 29, 2001 are not included in the unaudited
pro forma combined condensed financial information.

         The pro forma information is presented for illustrative purposes only
and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial position
that would have actually occurred if the merger had been consummated at the
beginning of the periods stated, nor is it necessarily indicative of future
operating results or financial position. The pro forma information does not
include adjustments to reflect the positive impact of cost reductions and other
synergies that are expected to be realized as a result of the merger. See the
Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Information for
information regarding significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing
these statements.

              Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheets
                              At September 30, 2001
                                 (In Thousands)

                                                            Historical                      Pro Forma

                                                   Respironics       Novametrix     Adjustments        Combined
                                                   -----------       ----------     -----------        --------

ASSETS

Cash and short-term investments                      $  37,427        $     205                       $  37,632
Trade accounts receivable                               96,771           14,529                         111,300
Inventories                                             69,338            9,950                          79,288
Other current assets                                    26,674            3,419                          30,093
                                                     ---------        ---------                       ---------
                TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                 $ 230,210        $  28,103                       $ 258,313

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (NET)                  $  69,813        $   3,159                       $  72,972

OTHER ASSETS                                            13,071            6,546      $ 18,000 (3)        37,617

GOODWILL                                                59,558            7,139        43,836 (5)       110,533
                                                     ---------        ---------      --------         ---------
                                                     $ 372,652        $  44,947      $ 61,836         $ 479,435
                                                     =========        =========      ========         =========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Accounts payable and accrued expenses                $  46,630        $   5,845      $  4,749 (4)     $  57,224
Current portion of long-term obligations                   932            3,953                           4,885
                                                     ---------        ---------                       ---------
                TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES            $  47,562        $   9,798                       $  62,109

LONG TERM OBLIGATIONS                                   79,918            2,060                          81,978
                                                                                      (33,089)(2)

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                   245,172           33,089        90,176 (1)       335,348
                                                     ---------        ---------      --------         ---------
                                                     $ 372,652        $  44,947      $ 61,836         $ 479,435
                                                     =========        =========      ========         =========

           Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statements of Income
                         Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2001
                      (In Thousands Except Per Share Data)

                                                            Historical                        Pro Forma
                                                                                         (8)
                                                    Respironics   Novametrix      Adjustments          Combined
                                                    -----------   ----------      -----------          --------

Net sales                                            $ 422,438     $  54,682                          $ 477,120
Cost of goods sold                                     223,362        24,882                            248,244
Cost of goods sold - restructuring charges (9)             725         2,297                              3,022
                                                     ---------     ---------                          ---------
                                                     $ 198,351     $  27,503                          $ 225,854

Selling, general and administrative expenses         $ 122,554     $  19,165       $   1,900 (3)      $ 143,619
Research and development expenses                       15,281         4,493                             19,774
Restructuring (credit) charges (9)                      (1,909)        2,100                                191
Interest expense                                         7,546           954                              8,500
Other                                                   (1,029)         (168)                            (1,197)
                                                     ---------     ---------       ---------          ---------

         INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES                  $  55,908     $     959         ($1,900)         $  54,967
Income taxes                                            22,337     $     340            (759) (6)        21,918
                                                     ---------     ---------       ---------          ---------
                    NET INCOME                       $  33,571     $     619         ($1,141)         $  33,049
                                                     =========     =========       =========          =========
Diluted earnings per share (7)                       $    1.09     $    0.07                          $    0.99
                                                     =========     =========                          =========
Diluted shares outstanding (7)                          30,886         8,847          (6,488)            33,245
                                                     =========     =========       =========          =========

           Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statements of Income
                      Three Months Ended September 30, 2001
                      (In Thousands Except Per Share Data)

                                                         Historical                      Pro Forma
                                                                                   (8)
                                                  Respironics   Novametrix      Adjustments       Combined
                                                  -----------   ----------      -----------       --------

Net sales                                          $ 107,409     $  11,522                       $ 118,931
Cost of goods sold                                    56,509         4,967                          61,476
                                                   ---------     ---------                       ---------
                                                   $  50,900     $   6,555                       $  57,455

Selling, general and administrative expenses       $  32,408     $   4,074       $     475 (3)   $  36,957
Research and development expenses                      4,314         1,148                           5,462
Interest expense                                       1,075            91                           1,166
Other                                                   (325)           19                            (306)
                                                   ---------     ---------       ---------       ---------

         INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES                $  13,428     $   1,223           ($475)      $  14,176

Income taxes                                           5,325           434            (189) (6)  $   5,570
                                                   ---------     ---------       ---------       ---------
                    NET INCOME                     $   8,103     $     789           ($286)      $   8,606
                                                   =========     =========       =========       =========
Diluted earnings per share (7)                     $    0.26     $    0.09                       $    0.25
                                                   =========     =========                       =========
Diluted shares outstanding (7)                        31,361         9,045          (6,633)         33,773
                                                   =========     =========       =========       =========

         NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA

(1)  Reflects the assumed issuance to Novametrix stockholders of 2,339,643
     shares of Respironics common stock having a fair value per share of $34.60
     per share (equal to the closing price of Respironics common stock on the
     last trading day prior to the announcement of the merger), based on an
     assumed exchange ratio of 0.2667 shares of Respironics common stock for
     each share of Novametrix common stock and based on 8,772,566 shares of
     Novametrix common stock outstanding as of November 23, 2001. The actual
     number of shares of Respironics common stock issued and the fair value of
     those shares at the date of issuance will be determined at the effective
     time of the merger based upon the exchange ratio and the number of shares
     of Novametrix common stock then outstanding as more fully described in the
     merger agreement. Also reflects the estimated fair value of outstanding
     Novametrix stock options that will be converted to Respironics stock
     options in the merger assuming an exchange ratio of 0.2667 shares of
     Respironics common stock for each share of Novametrix common stock and
     assuming a fair value per share of $34.60 for Respironics common stock
     consistent with the assumption above.

(2)  Represents the elimination of Novametrix's equity accounts.

(3)  The final allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of assets
     (including intangible assets) and liabilities has not been completed. For
     the purposes of the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
     information, a preliminary estimate of $18,000,000 has been allocated to
     intangible assets. Based upon a preliminary estimate of the intangible
     assets' useful lives, the estimated annual amortization expense related to
     these intangible assets is $1,900,000 ($475,000 per quarter). This
     estimated annual amortization expense is reflected in the unaudited pro
     forma combined condensed statements of income.

(4)  Represents the increase in accrued expenses for estimated direct
     transaction costs related to the merger.

(5)  The final allocation of the purchase price to the fair value of assets
     (including intangible assets) and liabilities has not been completed. For
     the purposes of the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial
     information, the excess of the purchase price (including direct transaction
     costs) over the net assets acquired has been allocated as follows:

             Intangible assets - see (3) above               $18,000,000
             Goodwill                                         43,836,234
                                                             -----------

             Total                                           $61,836,284
                                                             ===========

     Additional fair value adjustments to Novametrix's assets and liabilities,
     refinements of the allocation to intangible assets, and costs related to
     integration activities are expected to be recorded in connection with the
     merger, but such amounts are not determinable at this time, and are not,
     therefore, included as pro forma adjustments in the unaudited pro forma
     combined condensed financial information.

(6)  Assumed tax benefit from the amortization of intangible assets.

(7)  The unaudited pro forma combined diluted shares outstanding and related
     diluted earnings per share amounts are based on Respironics' weighted
     average number of common shares outstanding for the period plus the total
     number of Respironics common shares estimated to be delivered to
     Novametrix's stockholders in the merger. See Note (1) above for a
     description of the assumptions made regarding the number of Respironics
     common shares to be issued.

(8)  The pro forma adjustments do not reflect the positive impact of cost
     reductions and other synergies that are expected to be realized as a result
     of the merger.

(9)  See Selected Historical Financial Data of Respironics and Novametrix for
     information regarding the restructuring charges.

                      COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS

         Respironics and Novametrix are both organized under the laws of the
State of Delaware. Accordingly, any differences in the rights of holders of
Respironics common stock and Novametrix common stock will arise from differences
in their certificates of incorporation, by-laws and rights plans. Under the
terms of the merger agreement, Novametrix stockholders will receive Respironics
common stock in the merger. From and after the effective time of the merger, the
rights of Novametrix stockholders will be governed by Delaware law, Respironics'
certificate of incorporation, Respironics' by-laws and Respironics' rights plan.
The following is a summary of the material differences between the current
rights of Novametrix stockholders and the rights of Respironics stockholders.

         The following chart compares important rights of stockholders, but is
not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Novametrix certificate of incorporation, the Novametrix by-laws, the Novametrix
rights plan, the Respironics certificate of incorporation, the Respironics
by-laws, the Respironics rights plan, and applicable provisions of Delaware law.
In addition, the identification of some of the differences in the rights of
these stockholders as material is not intended to indicate that other
differences that are equally important do not exist. We urge you to read
carefully the relevant provisions of Delaware law, as well as the full text of
the certificates of incorporation, by-laws and rights plans of both Respironics
and Novametrix. Copies of these documents are incorporated by reference into
this proxy statement/prospectus and will be sent to you upon request. See "Where
You Can Find More Information" on page 84.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      NOVAMETRIX                             RESPIRONICS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Authorized Capital Stock                 The authorized capital stock            The authorized capital stock
                                         consists of 20 million shares of        consists of 100 million shares of
                                         common stock, par value $0.01 per       common stock, par value $0.01 per
                                         share, and 1 million shares of          share.
                                         preferred stock, par value $1.00 per
                                         share, of which 90,000 shares have
                                         been designated Series A Preferred
                                         Stock and 120,000 shares have been
                                         designated Series B Preferred Stock.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Number of Board of Directors             The number of directors is fixed        The number of directors is fixed
                                         from time to time by a vote of the      from time to time by a vote of the
                                         board of directors.  The board of       board of directors.  The board of
                                         directors may not be less than three    directors is presently fixed at
                                         nor more than nine directors.  The      eleven members.
                                         board of directors is presently
                                         fixed at seven members.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Classification of Board of Directors     There are three classes of              Same as Novametrix.
                                         directors, with each class elected
                                         for a term of three years and
                                         consisting as nearly as possible of
                                         one-third of the total number of
                                         directors on the board of
                                         directors.  At each annual meeting
                                         of stockholders, one class of
                                         directors is elected for a
                                         three-year term, with the members of
                                         each class to hold office until
                                         their successors are elected and
                                         qualified.  Classification of
                                         directors has the effect of making
                                         it more difficult for stockholders
                                         to change the composition of the
                                         board
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     NOVAMBETRIX                           RESPIRONICS

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                         of directors.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Quorum at Board of Directors' Meetings   A quorum at any meeting of the board   Same as Novametrix.
                                         of directors consists of a majority
                                         of the total number of directors,
                                         and a majority of directors present
                                         at a meeting at which a quorum is
                                         present is required to approve an
                                         action of the board of directors.
                                         Action may also be taken by the
                                         unanimous written consent of the
                                         board of directors.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Newly Created Directorships and          Any vacancy on the board of            Any vacancy on the board of
Vacancies                                directors arising for any reason       directors arising for any reason,
                                         other than removal by stockholders     including any newly created
                                         at a meeting called for that           directorships, is filled by a
                                         purpose, and any newly created         majority vote of the remaining
                                         directorship resulting from an         directors, even if less than a
                                         increase in the number of directors,   quorum unless such vacancy was
                                         may be filled by a majority vote of    filled by the stockholders at the
                                         the remaining directors, even if       same meeting at which such director
                                         less than a quorum, or by the sole     was removed or at a special meeting
                                         remaining director.  Directors         of stockholders called for that
                                         elected to fill a vacancy or a newly   purpose.
                                         created directorship will hold
                                         office for a term to coincide with
                                         the term of the class to which such
                                         director was elected.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Removal of Directors                     Any or all directors may be removed    Any or all directors may be removed
                                         from office only for cause at any      from office only for cause by the
                                         meeting of stockholders called for     holders of a majority of the shares
                                         that purpose by the holders of a       then entitled to vote at an election
                                         majority of the shares then entitled   of directors.
                                         to vote at an election of directors.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Officers                                 Officers include a chairman of the     Officers include a president, one or
                                         board, a president, one or more        more vice presidents, a secretary
                                         executive vice presidents, one or      and a treasurer, and may also
                                         more vice presidents, a secretary      include at the discretion of the
                                         and a treasurer, and may also          board of directors, a chairman.  The
                                         include at the discretion of the       board of directors and the President
                                         board of directors one or more         of Respironics may also appoint
                                         assistant treasurers and assistant     other officers as they deem
                                         secretaries.  The board of directors   necessary, provided that the Board
                                         may also appoint other officers as     may supersede action taken by the
                                         they deem necessary.  At any meeting   President to appoint officers.  The
                                         of the board of directors called for   certificate of incorporation and
                                         that purpose, any officer or agent     by-laws are silent on the matter of
                                         may be removed from office, with or    removal of officers.
                                         without cause, by the affirmative
                                         vote of a majority of the entire
                                         board of directors.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    NOVAMETRIX                               RESPIRONICS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Special Meetings of Stockholders         Special meetings of the stockholders    Special meetings of the stockholders
                                         may be called by resolution of the      may only be called by the president
                                         board of directors, by the chairman     or by resolution of the board of
                                         of the board, or the president, or      directors, for the purposes set
                                         if approved by the resolution of the    forth in the notice of the meeting.
                                         board of directors, by the holders
                                         of a majority of the outstanding
                                         shares of capital stock entitled to
                                         vote on matters that are to be voted
                                         on at the special meeting.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Quorum at Stockholder Meetings           At any meeting of stockholders, the     Same as Novametrix.
                                         holders of shares representing a
                                         majority of the votes entitled to be
                                         cast by all holders of shares
                                         outstanding and entitled to vote at
                                         the meeting, present in person or by
                                         proxy, will constitute a quorum.

                                         If a quorum is not present at a
                                         meeting, the stockholders entitled to
                                         vote at the meeting may adjourn the
                                         meeting from time to time until a
                                         quorum is present.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stockholder Action by Written Consent    Unless otherwise approved by a          Stockholder action by written
                                         majority of the directors who are       consent of less than all of the
                                         not affiliated with any related         stockholders is authorized, provided
                                         person and who were directors           that such consent is signed by the
                                         immediately prior to the time any       holders of outstanding stock having
                                         related person became a related         not less than the minimum number of
                                         person, no action may be taken by       votes that would be necessary to
                                         stockholders except at an annual or     authorize or take such action at a
                                         special meeting actually held.          meeting at which all shares entitled
                                         Stockholder action may be effected      to vote thereon were present and
                                         by a written consent of the             voted.
                                         stockholders only with such board
                                         approval.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Advance Notice of Stockholder            The certificate of incorporation and    Same as Novametrix.
Proposals for Stockholder Meetings -     by-laws provide for advance notice
Content of the Notice                    procedures for stockholder-proposed
                                         business to be considered at
                                         stockholder meetings.

                                         The stockholder notice must contain:

                                         .  a brief description of, and the
                                            reasons for, the business desired
                                            to be brought before the annual
                                            meeting;

                                         .  the name and record address of
                                            the stockholder proposing the
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  NOVAMETRIX                           RESPIRONICS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       business;

                                  .    the class or series and number
                                       of shares that are owned
                                       beneficially or of record by
                                       the proposing stockholder;

                                  .    a description of any arrangements
                                       or understandings between the
                                       stockholder and any person
                                       regarding the proposed business
                                       and any material interest of the
                                       stockholder in the proposed
                                       business; and

                                  .    a representation that the
                                       stockholder intends to appear at
                                       the meeting in person or by proxy
                                       to bring such business before the
                                       meeting.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Advance Notice of Stockholder     Notice of stockholder-proposed            Notice must be delivered not less
Proposals for Stockholder         business for the annual meeting           than 90 days prior to the
Meetings - Timing of the Notice   generally must be received in             anniversary date of the date that
                                  writing not more than 45 days and         the proxy statement was released in
                                  not less than 25 days prior to the        connection with the most recent
                                  date of such meeting of stockholders.     previous annual meeting; except:

                                                                            .   If the notice relates to an annual
                                                                                meeting that is to be held on a
                                                                                date that is not within 30 days
                                                                                before or after such anniversary
                                                                                date:

                                                                                a)   notice by the stockholder
                                                                                     must be received before the
                                                                                     later of the (i) the 30/th/
                                                                                     day following the day notice
                                                                                     of the date of the annual
                                                                                     meeting was first publicly
                                                                                     disclosed or (ii) 120
                                                                                     calendar days before the
                                                                                     date of such annual meeting;
                                                                                     and

                                                                                b)   in no event shall such notice
                                                                                     be received later than 15
                                                                                     calendar days prior to the
                                                                                     mailing date of the proxy
                                                                                     materials.

                                                                            .   If the notice relates to a board
                                                                                meeting to increase the number
                                                                                of members of the board of
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      NOVAMETRIX                              RESPIRONICS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                    directors and there is no public
                                                                                    announcement of this increase
                                                                                    prior to 100 days prior to such
                                                                                    anniversary date, notice will be
                                                                                    timely with respect to such new
                                                                                    positions if received prior to
                                                                                    the end of the 10th day following
                                                                                    the day on which such public
                                                                                    announcement is made.

                                                                                  . If the Notice relates to a
                                                                                    Special Meeting, notice must be
                                                                                    delivered to the Corporate
                                                                                    Secretary not less than 90 days
                                                                                    prior to the Special Meeting or
                                                                                    prior to the end of the 10th day
                                                                                    following the day on which a
                                                                                    public announcement of the
                                                                                    special meeting is made.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Amendment of Governing                   Under Delaware law, an amendment to        Same provision of Delaware law applies.
Documents                                a corporation's certificate of
                                         incorporation requires each of the
                                         following unless a higher vote is
                                         required in the corporation's
                                         certificate of incorporation:

                                         .  a resolution of the corporations's
                                            board of directors recommending the
                                            amendment;

                                         .  the approval of holders of a
                                            majority of all shares entitled to
                                            vote thereon, voting together as a
                                            single class; and

                                         .  the approval of holders of a
                                            majority of the outstanding stock of
                                            each class entitled to vote on the
                                            amendment.

                                         The certificate of incorporation           The certificate of incorporation
                                         requires the affirmative vote of the       requires approval by a 66 2/3%
                                         holders of 80% of the outstanding          vote of all shares, as well as
                                         shares entitled to vote, voting as a       approval by a majority vote of
                                         single class, to amend some articles of    disinterested shares, if an
                                         the certificate of incorporation.          amendment to the certificate of
                                                                                    incorporation were to come
                                         The certificate of incorporation and       within the definition of a
                                         by-laws require the vote by the            business combination involving an
                                         board of directors or stockholders         interested stockholder.
                                         to amend, repeal, alter, rescind or
                                         adopt the by-laws, provided that the       The certificate of incorporation
                                         such                                       authorizes the board of directors
                                                                                    to
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                NOVAMETRIX                              RESPIRONICS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                         amendment, repeal, alteration,          make, alter or repeal the by-laws.
                                         rescission or adoption by the           By-laws which would have the effect of
                                         stockholders requires the               limiting in any way the rights the
                                         affirmative vote of the holders of      rights to indemnification provided by
                                         at least 80% of the outstanding         the certificate of incorporation or
                                         shares entitled to vote, voting as a    increasing director liability may
                                         single class.                           operate only prospectively.

                                         As to other provisions and matters,
                                         the certificate of incorporation and
                                         by-laws are silent on the matter of
                                         amending the certificate of
                                         incorporation and, therefore,
                                         increasing  Delaware law applies.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Effect of Interested Stockholder         Delaware law generally prohibits a      Same provision of Delaware law
Transactions and Fair Price              business combination between a          applies, except as described below.
Provision                                corporation and an "interested
                                         stockholder" within three years of the
                                         time that person became an interested
                                         stockholder. An interested stockholder
                                         generally includes a person who
                                         beneficially owns 15% or more of the
                                         outstanding voting stock of the
                                         corporation. This provision does not
                                         apply in some circumstances, including
                                         if (i) the corporation's board of
                                         directors approved the interested
                                         stockholder transaction prior to the
                                         date the interested stockholder
                                         acquired his or her shares, (ii) as a
                                         result of the interested stockholder
                                         transaction, the interested stockholder
                                         owned at least 85% of the voting stock
                                         of the corporation outstanding at the
                                         time the transaction commenced
                                         (excluding shares owned by persons who
                                         are both directors and officers and by
                                         employee stock plans), or (iii) the
                                         interested stockholder transaction is
                                         approved by the board of directors and
                                         the affirmative vote of 66 2/3% of the
                                         outstanding voting stock held by
                                         disinterested stockholders at an annual
                                         or special meeting. These restrictions
                                         also will not apply to a corporation
                                         if, among other reasons, the
                                         corporation's certificate of
                                         incorporation or by-laws contains a
                                         provision expressly electing not to be
                                         governed by this section of Delaware
                                         law.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                NOVAMETRIX                              RESPIRONICS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                         The certificate of incorporation and    The by-laws contain a provision
                                         by-laws do not contain a provision      electing not to be governed by this
                                         electing not to be governed by this     section of Delaware law.  This
                                         section of Delaware law.                provision of the by-laws may not be
                                                                                 amended by the board of directors.

                                         The certificate of incorporation also   However, in addition to otherwise
                                         provides that certain transactions with applicable voting requirements, the
                                         a related person require the            certificate of incorporation
                                         affirmative vote of the holders of 80%  requires approval of any business
                                         of the outstanding shares entitled to   combination between or otherwise
                                         vote, unless such transactions have the involving Respironics and an
                                         approval of a majority of the directors interested stockholder, (a person or
                                         who are not affiliated with the         entity that owns 20% of the voting
                                         related person and were directors       stock or is an affiliate or director
                                         immediately prior to the time the       of Respironics) by one of the following:
                                         related person became a related person.

                                         The board of directors has taken the    .   A majority of the directors of
                                         necessary action to make the foregoing      Respironics who are not
                                         provisions of the Delaware                  affiliated with the interested
                                         anti-takeover laws and the certificate      stockholder and were directors
                                         of incorporation inapplicable to the        immediately prior to the time
                                         merger.                                     the interested stockholder
                                                                                     became an interested
                                                                                     stockholder; or

                                                                                 .   (a) the holders of at least
                                                                                     66 2/3% of the voting power of
                                                                                     all then outstanding voting
                                                                                     stock, voting together as a
                                                                                     single class, and (b) the
                                                                                     holders of at least a majority
                                                                                     of the voting power of the then
                                                                                     outstanding shares of voting
                                                                                     stock which are not beneficially
                                                                                     owned by interested
                                                                                     stockholders, voting together as
                                                                                     a single class.

                                                                                 The certificate of incorporation
                                                                                 defines business combinations to
                                                                                 include a merger, consolidation,
                                                                                 liquidation, dissolution,
                                                                                 recapitalization, reclassification,
                                                                                 share exchange, or any sale, lease,
                                                                                 mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
                                                                                 disposition by Respironics or any
                                                                                 subsidiary of 10% or more of
                                                                                 Respironics' total assets or the
                                                                                 issuance of securities having an
                                                                                 aggregate fair market value of 10% or
                                                                                 more of total assets.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              NOVEMETRIX                             RESPIRONICS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Liability of Directors              Delaware law allows a corporation to   Same as Novametrix.
                                    limit the personal liability of
                                    directors with certain exceptions.
                                    Delaware law allows a corporation to
                                    limit in this manner the personal
                                    liability of a director, except for
                                    liability for (a) any breach of the
                                    director's duty of loyalty to the
                                    corporation or its stockholders,
                                    (b) acts or omissions not in good
                                    faith which involve intentional
                                    misconduct or a knowing violation of
                                    law, (c) an unlawful payment of a
                                    dividend or an unlawful stock
                                    purchase or redemption or (d) any
                                    transaction from which the director
                                    derived an improper personal benefit.

                                    The certificate of incorporation
                                    provides that, to the fullest extent
                                    permitted by Delaware law, no director
                                    shall be personally liable to the
                                    company or its stockholders for
                                    monetary damages for breach of
                                    fiduciary duty as a director.

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Indemnification of Directors and    Under Delaware law, a corporation      Same as Novametrix, except as
Officers                            generally may indemnify its officers   noted below.
                                    and directors for expenses, judgments
                                    or settlements actually and reasonably
                                    incurred by them in connection with
                                    suits and other legal proceedings if
                                    they acted in good faith and in a
                                    manner they reasonably believed to be
                                    in or not opposed to the best interests
                                    of the corporation and, with respect to
                                    any criminal proceeding, had no
                                    reasonable cause to believe their
                                    conduct was unlawful. If the action is
                                    brought by or in the right of the
                                    corporation, Delaware law limits
                                    indemnification to the expenses
                                    (including attorneys' fees) reasonably
                                    incurred and provides that no such
                                    indemnification can be made when the
                                    individual is adjudged liable to the
                                    corporation unless and only to the
                                    extent the Delaware Court of Chancery
                                    deems such indemnification fair and
                                    reasonable under the circumstances.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  NOVEMETRIX                                    RESPIRONICS
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     Under Delaware law, a corporation may
                     advance expenses to directors and
                     officers as long as any director or
                     officer receiving an advance undertakes
                     to repay the amounts advanced if it is
                     ultimately determined that such
                     director or officer was not entitled to
                     be indemnified.

                     Novametrix provides indemnification, to
                     the fullest extent permitted by
                     applicable law to any person who is or
                     was a director or officer of the
                     company for any liability and expense
                     in connection with any actual or
                     threatened claim, action, suit or
                     proceeding, whether civil or criminal,
                     administrative or investigative
                     (including, without limitation, any
                     action, suit or proceeding by or in the
                     right of the company to procure a
                     judgment in its favor) by reason of the
                     fact that such person is or was a
                     director or officer of the company.

                     The certificate of incorporation
                     permits advancement of expenses upon              The certificate of incorporation
                     receipt by Novametrix of such a written           requires advancement of expenses
                     undertaking to repay.                             upon receipt by Respironics of such
                                                                       a written undertaking to repay.
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stockholder Rights Plan

         Both Novametrix and Respironics entered into separate rights plans with
Mellon Investor Services L.L.C. (formerly, ChaseMellon Shareholder Services,
L.L.C.), as rights agent. A summary of the material provisions of the rights
plans are set forth below. The summaries do not include a complete description
of all of the terms of the rights plans. We urge you to read carefully the
Novametrix and Respironics rights plans, copies of which will be sent to you
upon request. See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 84.

         Both of the rights agreements provide that the rights will not become
exercisable until the distribution date of such rights which is the earlier of:

         .     the tenth day following a public announcement that a person or
               group of affiliated or associated persons have acquired
               beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the Novametrix or
               Respironics common stock then outstanding; and

         .     the tenth day or a later date to be determined by the Novametrix
               or Respironics board of directors following the commencement of,
               or announcement, of an intention to make, a tender offer or
               exchange offer that would result in a person becoming the
               beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Novametrix or Respironics
               common stock then outstanding.

         At any time prior to the close of business on the tenth day after the
acquisition by a person of beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding shares of Respironics common stock, the Respironics board of
directors may redeem the Respironics rights in whole at a redemption price of
$.01 per Respironics right, subject to adjustment. At any time prior to the
acquisition by a person of beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the
outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock, the Novametrix board of directors
may redeem the Novametrix rights in whole at a redemption price of $.01 per
Novametrix right, subject to adjustment. Immediately upon any redemption of the
Novametrix or Respironics rights, the right to exercise the rights will
terminate and the only right of the holders of rights will be to receive the
redemption price.

         The rights plans are both designed to protect the interests of
Novametrix or Respironics and their stockholders against coercive takeover
tactics. The rights plans may have the effect of deterring additional takeover
proposals.

         Novametrix. Under the 1999 Novametrix rights agreement, one right,
referred to as a Novametrix right, attached to each share of Novametrix common
stock outstanding and, when exercisable, entitles the registered holder to
purchase from Novametrix 1/100 of a share of Novametrix preferred stock at an
initial purchase price of $25, subject to customary antidilution adjustments. If
Novametrix is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction and
Novametrix is not the surviving corporation after the rights are exercisable, as
well as in certain other circumstances involving the acquisition of Novametrix
shares, each holder of a Novametrix right has the right to receive, upon payment
of the purchase price per unit, Novametrix common stock, or in certain
circumstances the acquiror's common stock, having a value equal to two times the
purchase price.

         In connection with the merger, the Novametrix rights agreement was
amended to exempt the merger and the completion of the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement from the provisions of the rights plan.

         At any time after the acquisition by a person of beneficial ownership
of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Novametrix common stock and before
such person acquires 50%, the Novametrix board of directors may exchange the
Novametrix rights, in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of
Novametrix common stock, or 1/100 of a Novametrix preferred share, per
Novametrix right (subject to adjustment).

         Until the Novametrix rights are exercisable,

         .     the Novametrix rights will be evidenced by Novametrix common
               stock certificates and will be transferred only with such
               certificates;

         .     new certificates issued after December 15, 1999 have contained a
               notation incorporating the Novametrix rights plan by reference;
               and

         .     the surrender for transfer of any certificates representing
               outstanding Novametrix common stock will also constitute the
               transfer of the Novametrix rights associated with the Novametrix
               common stock represented by such certificates.

         If not previously exercised, the Novametrix rights will expire in
December, 2009, unless Novametrix earlier redeems or exchanges the Novametrix
rights or shortens or extends the expiration date.

         Respironics. Under the 1996 Respironics rights plan, each Respironics
right entitles the registered holder of Respironics common stock to purchase
from Respironics 1/100 of a share (referred to as a "unit") of Respironics
common stock at a price of $110 per unit, subject to customary antidilution
adjustments. If Respironics is acquired in a merger or other business
combination transaction and Respironics is not the surviving corporation after
the rights are exercisable, as well as in certain other circumstances involving
the acquisition of Respironics shares, each holder of a Respironics right has
the right to receive, upon payment of the purchase price per unit, Respironics
common stock having a value equal to two times the purchase price.

         The Respironics rights are attached to all certificates representing
shares of Respironics common stock, including those shares issued pursuant to
the merger agreement, and no separate certificates were distributed with

respect to any Respironics rights. The Respironics rights will separate from the
Respironics common stock on the day on which the rights become exercisable.

         Until the Respironics rights are exercisable,

         .     the Respironics rights will be evidenced by Respironics common
               stock certificates and will be transferred only with such
               certificates;

         .     new certificates issued after July 26, 1996 have contained a
               notation incorporating the Respironics rights plan by reference;
               and

         .     the surrender for transfer of any certificates representing
               outstanding Respironics common stock will also constitute the
               transfer of the Respironics rights associated with the
               Respironics common stock represented by such certificates.

         Accordingly, each share of Respironics common stock issued in the
merger will have one Respironics right attached to it.

         The Respironics rights will expire in July, 2006 unless earlier
redeemed by Respironics.

                                     EXPERTS

         The consolidated financial statements and schedule of Respironics
appearing in Respironics' Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended June 30,
2001, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth
in their report thereon included therein and incorporated herein by reference.
Such consolidated financial statements and schedule are incorporated herein by
reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as
experts in accounting and auditing.

         With respect to the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial
information with respect to Respironics for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2001, incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement
(Form S-4), Ernst & Young LLP have reported that they have applied limited
procedures in accordance with professional standards for a review of such
information. However, their separate report, included in Respironics, Inc. and
Subsidiaries' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2001, and incorporated herein by reference, states that they did not audit and
they do not express an opinion on that interim financial information.
Accordingly, the degree of reliance on their report on such information should
be restricted considering the limited nature of the review procedures applied.
The independent auditors are not subject to the liability provisions of Section
11 of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") for their report on the unaudited
interim financial information because that report is not a "report" or a "part"
of the Registration Statement prepared or certified by the auditors within the
meaning of Sections 7 and 11 of the Act.

         The consolidated financial statements and schedule of Novametrix
appearing in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended April 29, 2001,
have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth in
their report thereon included therein and incorporated herein by reference. Such
consolidated financial statements and schedule are incorporated herein by
reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as
experts in accounting and auditing.

                                  LEGAL MATTERS

         The validity of the Respironics common stock offered hereby will be
passed upon for Respironics by Reed Smith LLP. Certain legal matters regarding
the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger will be passed upon for
Novametrix by Torys LLP, and for Respironics by Reed Smith LLP.

              SUBMISSION OF FUTURE NOVAMETRIX STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

         If the merger becomes effective in accordance with the terms of the
merger agreement, Novametrix will not hold a 2002 annual meeting of stockholders
because Novametrix will have become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Respironics in
the merger. If the merger does not become effective the 2002 annual meeting of
stockholders will be held and Novametrix stockholders may propose matters to be
presented at the 2002 annual meeting of stockholders. Any stockholder proposal
intended for inclusion in the proxy materials for the 2002 annual meeting of
stockholders must be received by Novametrix no later than May 8, 2002, addressed
to the Corporate Secretary of Novametrix at the address on the front cover of
this proxy

statement/prospectus. Stockholders submitting proposals are urged to submit
their proposals by certified mail, return receipt requested.

                       WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

         Novametrix and Respironics file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy and registration statements and other information with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other
information that the companies file at the SEC's public reference rooms at 450
Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, and at the regional offices of the
SEC in New York, New York and Chicago, Illinois. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. The public
filings of Novametrix and Respironics are also available to the public from
commercial document retrieval services and at the Internet web site maintained
by the SEC at "http://www.sec.gov." Reports, proxy statements and other
information concerning Novametrix and Respironics also may be inspected at the
offices of the Nasdaq Stock Market.

         Respironics has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register
with the SEC the shares of Respironics common stock to be issued to Novametrix
stockholders in the merger. This proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that
registration statement and constitutes a prospectus of Respironics and a proxy
statement of Novametrix for purposes of its special meeting. As allowed by SEC
rules, this proxy statement/prospectus omits certain information contained in
the registration statement and the exhibits to the registration statement. Any
statements contained in this proxy statement/prospectus concerning the
provisions of any other document are not necessarily complete, and, in each
instance, reference is made to the copy of such document filed as an exhibit to
the registration statement or otherwise filed with the SEC. Each statement is
qualified in its entirety by such reference.

         The SEC allows Novametrix and Respironics to "incorporate by reference"
information into this proxy statement/prospectus. This means that the companies
can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document
filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is
deemed to be part of this proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information
superseded by information contained directly in the proxy statement/prospectus.
This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set
forth below that Novametrix and Respironics have previously filed with the SEC.
These documents contain important information about the companies.

                             NOVAMETRIX SEC FILINGS

Novametrix's Filing With the SEC          PERIOD
- --------------------------------          ------

Annual Report on Form 10-K                Fiscal year ended April 29, 2001

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q             Fiscal quarter ended July 29, 2001

                                          Fiscal quarter ended October 28, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K                Filed on December 26, 2001

The description of shares of Novametrix common stock in Novametrix's
registration statement on Form 10 dated July 24, 1979, including any amendment
or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating such description

                             RESPIRONICS SEC FILINGS

Respironics' Filing With the SEC         PERIOD
- --------------------------------         ------

Annual Report on Form 10-K               Fiscal year ended June 30, 2001

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q            Fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2001

Current Report on Form 8-K               Filed on December 21, 2001

The description of shares of Respironics common stock set forth in Respironics'
registration statement on Form 8-A, filed on June 28, 1996, including any
amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating such
description

         Novametrix and Respironics incorporate by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus additional documents that either company may file with the
SEC between the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and the date of the
special meeting. These include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as
registration statements and proxy statements.

         Novametrix has supplied all information contained or incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus relating to Novametrix, and
Respironics has supplied all such information relating to Respironics.

         You can obtain a copy of any Respironics document or any Novametrix
document incorporated by reference except for the exhibits to those documents
from the appropriate company. You may also obtain these documents from the SEC
or through the SEC's Internet web site described above. Documents incorporated
by reference are available from the companies without charge, excluding all
exhibits other than exhibits specifically incorporated by reference as exhibits
into this proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain documents incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus by requesting them in writing or
by telephone from the appropriate company at the following addresses:

                 Respironics, Inc.                               Novametrix Medical Systems Inc.
                1501 Ardmore Blvd.                                    5 Technology Drive
          Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15221                        Wallingford, Connecticut 06492
 Attention: Dorita A. Pishko, Corporate Secretary     Attention: Joseph A. Vincent, Corporate Secretary
             Telephone (412) 731-2100                             Telephone: (203) 265-7701

         If you would like to request documents from either company, please do
so by [ ], 2002 to receive them before the Novametrix special meeting. If you
request any of these documents from us we will mail them to you by first-class
mail, or similar means.

         You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus in voting your shares at the
Novametrix special meeting. Novametrix and Respironics have not authorized
anyone to provide you with information that is different from what is contained
in this proxy statement/prospectus. This proxy statement/prospectus is dated
[_], 2002. You should not assume that the information contained in the proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate as of any other date, and neither the mailing
of this proxy statement/prospectus to Novametrix stockholders nor the issuance
of Respironics' securities in the merger will create any implication to the
contrary.

                                     ANNEXES

Annex A  Agreement and Plan of Merger

Annex B  Opinion of SunTrust Capital Markets, Inc., through its SunTrust
         Robinson Humphrey subsidiary

Annex C  Form of Voting Agreement

                                                                        ANNEX A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                by and between

                          RESPIRONICS HOLDINGS, INC.

                                      and

                        NOVAMETRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC.

                                   including

                                   GUARANTEE

                                      of

                               RESPIRONICS, INC.

                         Dated as of December 17, 2001

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

 Article I  MERGER........................................................   6
    Section 1.01.  The Merger.............................................   6
    Section 1.02.  Company Action.........................................   6
    Section 1.03.  Effect of the Merger...................................   6
    Section 1.04.  Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws...................   7
    Section 1.05.  Directors and Officers.................................   7
    Section 1.06.  Effect on Capital Stock................................   7
    Section 1.07.  Exchange of Certificates...............................   8
    Section 1.08.  No Further Ownership Rights in the Company Common Stock  10
    Section 1.09.  Tax Consequences.......................................  11
    Section 1.10.  Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.............  11

 Article II  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY................  11
    Section 2.01.  Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries...........  11
    Section 2.02.  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws................  12
    Section 2.03.  Capitalization.........................................  12
    Section 2.04.  Authority Relative to this Agreement...................  13
    Section 2.05.  No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.............  14
    Section 2.06.  Compliance; Permits....................................  16
    Section 2.07.  SEC Filings; Financial Statements......................  16
    Section 2.08.  Absence of Certain Changes or Events...................  17
    Section 2.09.  No Undisclosed Liabilities.............................  17
    Section 2.10.  Absence of Litigation..................................  17
    Section 2.11.  Employee Benefit Plans; Employment Agreements..........  18
    Section 2.12.  Employment and Labor Matters...........................  20
    Section 2.13.  Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.....  21
    Section 2.14.  Restrictions on Business Activities....................  21
    Section 2.15.  Title to Property......................................  22
    Section 2.16.  Taxes..................................................  22
    Section 2.17.  Environmental Matters..................................  23
    Section 2.18.  Brokers................................................  25
    Section 2.19.  Intellectual Property..................................  25
    Section 2.20.  Interested Party Transactions..........................  27
    Section 2.21.  Insurance..............................................  27
    Section 2.22.  Product Liability and Recalls..........................  27
    Section 2.23.  Opinion of Company Financial Advisor...................  27
    Section 2.24.  FDA and FTC Compliance.................................  27

 Article III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ACQUIROR..................  28
    Section 3.01.  Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries...........  28
    Section 3.02.  Capitalization.........................................  28
    Section 3.03.  Authority Relative to this Agreement...................  29
    Section 3.04.  No Conflicts; Required Filings and Consents............  29
    Section 3.05.  Compliance.............................................  30
    Section 3.06.  SEC Filings; Financial Statements......................  31
    Section 3.07.  Absence of Certain Changes or Events...................  31
    Section 3.08.  No Undisclosed Liabilities.............................  31
    Section 3.09.  Absence of Litigation..................................  32
    Section 3.10.  Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.....  32

                                      A-2

                                                                                  Page
                                                                                  ----

   Section 3.11.  Brokers........................................................  32
   Section 3.12.  Ownership of Acquiror; No Prior Activities.....................  32
   Section 3.13.  Ownership Interest in the Company..............................  33

Article IV  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER...............................  33
   Section 4.01.  Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger..........  33
   Section 4.02.  No Solicitation................................................  35
   Section 4.03.  Conduct of Business by Parent Pending the Merger...............  37

Article V   ADDITIONAL AGREEMENT.................................................  38
   Section 5.01.  Stockholder Approval; Preparation of Registration Statement and
                  Proxy Statement/Prospectus.....................................  38
   Section 5.02.  Company Stockholders Meeting...................................  39
   Section 5.03.  Access to Information; Confidentiality.........................  40
   Section 5.04.  Consents; Approvals............................................  40
   Section 5.05.  Agreements with Respect to Affiliates..........................  41
   Section 5.06.  Indemnification and Insurance..................................  41
   Section 5.07.  Notification of Certain Matters................................  42
   Section 5.08.  Further Action/Tax Treatment...................................  43
   Section 5.09.  Public Announcements...........................................  43
   Section 5.10.  Shares of the Parent Common Stock..............................  43
   Section 5.11.  Conveyance Taxes...............................................  44
   Section 5.12.  Stock Incentive Plans; Other Programs..........................  44
   Section 5.13.  Certain Employee Benefits......................................  45
   Section 5.14.  Accountant's Letters...........................................  46
   Section 5.15.  Compliance with State Property Transfer Statutes...............  46
   Section 5.16.  Cooperation with Phase I Survey................................  46

Article VI  CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER.............................................  46
   Section 6.01.  Conditions to Obligation of Each Party to Effect the Merger....  46
   Section 6.02.  Acquiror Conditions............................................  47
   Section 6.03.  Company Conditions.............................................  48

Article VII  TERMINATION.........................................................  49
   Section 7.01.  Termination....................................................  49
   Section 7.02.  Effect of Termination..........................................  50
   Section 7.03.  Parent Fee.....................................................  51

Article VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS.................................................  52
   Section 8.01.  Effectiveness of Representations, Warranties and Agreements....  52
   Section 8.02.  Notices........................................................  52
   Section 8.03.  Certain Definitions............................................  53
   Section 8.04.  Amendment......................................................  54
   Section 8.05.  Waiver.........................................................  54
   Section 8.06.  Headings.......................................................  54
   Section 8.07.  Severability...................................................  54
   Section 8.08.  Entire Agreement...............................................  54
   Section 8.09.  Assignment.....................................................  55
   Section 8.10.  Parties in Interest............................................  55
   Section 8.11.  Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative..........  55
   Section 8.12.  Governing Law; Jurisdiction....................................  55
   Section 8.13.  Counterparts...................................................  55

                                      A-3

                                                            Page
                                                            ----

                  Section 8.14.    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL....  55
                  Section 8.15.    Performance of Guarantee  56
                  Section 8.16.    Enforcement.............  56
                  GUARANTEE

                                      A-4

                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of December 17, 2001 (this
"Agreement"), by and between RESPIRONICS HOLDINGS, INC. ("Acquiror"), a
Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of RESPIRONICS, INC.
("Parent"), a Delaware corporation, and NOVAMETRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC., a
Delaware corporation (the "Company").

                             W I T N E S S E T H:

   WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Acquiror, Parent and the
Company have approved this Agreement, and declared that it is advisable that
Acquiror merge with and into the Company (the "Merger"), pursuant to and upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement and in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law
("Delaware Law"); and that the Merger, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, would be fair to and in the best
interest of their respective stockholders;

   WHEREAS, Acquiror and the Company intend, by approving resolutions
authorizing this Agreement, to adopt this Agreement as a plan of reorganization
within the meaning of Sections 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"), and the regulations thereunder, and that the Merger and
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement be undertaken pursuant to
such plan. For accounting purposes, the Merger is intended to be accounted for
as a "purchase" under United States generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP");

   WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a
condition and inducement to the Company's willingness to enter into this
Agreement, Parent has agreed fully and unconditionally to guarantee all the
representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and other obligations of
Acquiror in this Agreement (the "Guarantee"); and

   WHEREAS, the Company and Acquiror desire to make certain representations,
warranties and agreements in connection with, and establish various conditions
precedent to, the transactions contemplated hereby.

   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, and intending to be
legally bound hereby the parties hereto agree as follows:

   Definitions:

      "Acquiror" is defined in the preamble.

      "Acquiror Common Stock" is defined in Section 1.06(e).

      "Acquisition Proposal" is defined in Section 4.02(a).

      "Adverse Regulatory Condition Notice" is defined in Section 5.07.

      "Adjusted Option" is defined in Section 5.12(a).

      "Adjusted Warrant" is defined in Section 5.12(e).

      "Affiliate Plan" is defined in Section 2.11(a).

      "affiliates" is defined in Section 8.03(a).

      "Agreement" is defined in the preamble.

      "Alternative Transaction" is defined in Section 4.02(a).

      "business day" is defined in Section 8.03(b).

                                      A-5

      "CERCLA" is defined in Section 2.17(f).

      "Certificates" is defined in Section 1.07(c).

      "Certificate of Merger" is defined in Section 1.01.

      "Class B Warrants" is defined in Section 2.03(a).

      "Closing" is defined in Section 1.01.

      "Closing Date" is defined in Section 1.01.

      "COBRA" is defined in Section 2.11(b).

      "Code" is defined in the recitals.

      "Company" is defined in the preamble.

      "Company Affiliates" is defined in Section 5.05.

      "Company Agreements" is defined in Section 2.05(a).

      "Company Business Combination" is defined in Section 7.03.

      "Company Charter Documents" is defined in Section 2.02.

      "Company Common Stock" is defined in Section 1.01.

      "Company Disclosure Schedule" is defined in Section 2.01(a).

      "Company Employee" is defined in Section 5.13(a).

      "Company Employee Plans" is defined in Section 2.11(a).

      "Company Financial Advisor" is defined in Section 1.02.

      "Company Intellectual Property Assets" is defined in Section 2.19(a).

      "Company Permits" is defined in Section 2.06(c).

      "Company Preferred Stock" is defined in Section 2.03(a).

      "Company Rights" is defined in Section 2.03(a).

      "Company Stock Option Plans" is defined in Section 1.06(d).

      "Company Stock Options" is defined in Section 1.06(d).

      "Company Stock Purchase Plan" is defined in Section 1.06(d).

      "Company Stockholders Meeting" is defined in Section 2.04(c).

      "Company Warrant" is defined in Section 5.12(e).

      "Confidentiality Agreement" is defined in Section 5.03(c).

      "control" is defined in Section 8.03(c).

      "Covered Persons" is defined in Section 5.06(c).

      "Determination Date" is defined in Section 1.06(b).

      "D&O Insurance" is defined in Section 5.06(d).

      "Delaware Law" is defined in the recitals.

      "DOL" is defined in Section 2.11(a).

      "dollars" is defined in Section 8.03(d).

                                      A-6

      "Effective Time" is defined in Section 1.01.

      "Environmental Claim" is defined in Section 2.17(f).

      "Environmental, Health and Safety Laws" is defined in Section 2.05(c).

      "Environmental Laws" is defined in Section 2.17(f).

      "ERISA" is defined in Section 2.11(a).

      "Ernst & Young" is defined in Section 5.14.

      "Exchange Act" is defined in Section 2.05(a).

      "Exchange Agent" is defined in Section 1.07(a).

      "Exchange Fund" is defined in Section 1.07(b).

      "Exchange Ratio" is defined in Section 1.01.

      "FDA" is defined in Section 2.24.

      "FTC" is defined in Section 2.24.

      "GAAP" is defined in the recitals.

      "Governmental Authority" is defined in Section 2.05(c).

      "Guarantee" is defined in the recitals.

      "HSR Act" is defined in Section 2.05(c).

      "Indemnified Parties" is defined in Section 5.06(b).

      "Intellectual Property Assets" is defined in Section 2.19(a).

      "IRS" is defined in Section 2.11(b).

      "knowledge" is defined in Section 8.03(e).

      "Material Adverse Effect" is defined in Section 2.01(b).

      "Material Agreement" is defined in Section 3.04(b).

      "Materials of Environmental Concern" is defined in Section 2.17(f).

      "Merger" is defined in the recitals.

      "Merger Consideration" is defined in Section 1.06(a).

      "NASD" is defined in Section 1.06(b).

      "Nasdaq" is defined in Section 1.06(b).

      "Non-Competition Agreement" is defined in Section 2.11(h).

      "Non-U.S. Monopoly Laws" is defined in Section 2.05(c).

      "OSHA" is defined in Section 2.17(f).

      "Other Warrants" is defined in Section 2.03(a).

      "Parent" is defined in the preamble.

      "Parent 2001 Form 10-K" is defined in Section 3.01(b).

      "Parent Charter Documents" is defined in Section 3.01(a).

      "Parent Common Stock" is defined in Section 1.01.

                                      A-7

      "Parent Fee" is defined in Section 7.03.

      "Parent Preferred Stock" is defined in Section 3.02(a).

      "Parent SEC Documents" is defined in Section 3.05(a).

      "Parent Share Price" is defined in Section 1.06(b).

      "PCBs" is defined in Section 2.17(d).

      "person" is defined in Section 8.03(f).

      "Post 1996 Company SEC Documents" is defined in Section 2.07.

      "Proxy Statement/Prospectus" is defined in Section 2.13(a).

      "RCRA" is defined in Section 2.17(f).

      "Regulatory Condition or Requirement" is defined in Section 6.01(c).

      "Recommendations" is defined in Section 1.02(a).

      "Reed Smith" is defined in Section 1.01.

      "Registration Statement" is defined in Section 5.01(a).

      "Restricted Period" is defined in Section 5.05.

      "Rights Agreement" is defined in Section 2.03(a).

      "SEC" is defined in Section 2.05(a).

      "Securities Act" is defined in Section 5.01(a).

      "Shares" is defined in the Section 1.01.

      "Significant Company Subsidiary" is defined in Section 7.03(b).

      "subsidiary or subsidiaries" is defined in Section 8.03(g).

      "Subsidiary Documents" is defined in Section 2.02.

      "Superior Proposal" is defined in Section 4.02(a).

      "Surviving Corporation" is defined in Section 1.01.

      "Tax" is defined in Section 2.16(d).

      "Tax Return" is defined in Section 2.16(d).

      "Third Party" is defined in Section 4.02(a).

      "Third Party Intellectual Property Assets" is defined in Section 2.19(c).

      "Torys" is defined in Section 4.02(a).

      "TSCA" is defined in Section 2.17(f).

      "Voting Debt" is defined in Section 2.03(a).

      "2001 Company Balance Sheet" is defined in Section 2.09.

      "2001 Parent Balance Sheet" is defined in Section 3.08.

                                      A-8

                                   Article I

                                    MERGER

   SECTION 1.01.  The Merger.

   Upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement,
and in accordance with the Delaware Law, at the Effective Time (as herein
defined), (i) Acquiror will merge with and into the Company, and the Company
shall continue as the surviving corporation (the "Surviving Corporation") in
such merger. The Merger shall become effective (the "Effective Time") at the
time of filing of, or at such later time specified in, a certificate of merger
(the "Certificate of Merger"), in the form required by and properly executed in
accordance with Delaware Law, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, in accordance with the provisions of Section 251 of Delaware Law. In
the Merger, (a) each outstanding share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per
share ("Company Common Stock") of the Company (the "Shares", which term also
refers to and includes, unless the context otherwise requires, the associated
Company Rights as defined in Section 2.03), will be converted into shares of
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent ("Parent Common Stock")
(with cash in lieu of any fractional share) as provided in this Agreement (the
number of shares of Parent Common Stock into which shares of Company Common
Stock will be converted being referred to as the "Exchange Ratio") and (b) each
outstanding share of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Acquiror
("Acquiror Common Stock") will be converted into one share of Common Stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation, which shall be held by
Parent.

   The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices of
Reed Smith LLP ("Reed Smith"), 435 Sixth Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15219-1886, at
a time and date to be specified by the parties, which shall be no later than
the third business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set
forth in Article VI, or at such other time, date and location as the parties
hereto agree in writing (the "Closing Date").

   SECTION 1.02.  Company Action.

   (a) The Company hereby represents that its Board of Directors, at a meeting
duly called and held, has by unanimous vote of the directors participating
therein (such directors constituting a quorum under the Company's Bylaws) (i)
determined that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger, are advisable and are fair to and in the best interest of
the Company's stockholders, (ii) approved this Agreement and the transactions
and other matters contemplated hereby, including the Merger, in accordance with
the requirements of the Delaware Law, and (iii) resolved to recommend approval
of the Merger and adoption of this Agreement by the Company's stockholders (the
"Recommendations"). The Company further represents that SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey Capital Markets (the "Company Financial Advisor") has rendered to the
Company's Board of Directors its opinion that, as of the date of such opinion,
the Exchange Ratio in the Merger is fair to such stockholders from a financial
point of view; and

   (b) Each of the executive officers and directors of the Company has agreed
to vote his or her shares of Company Common Stock in favor of the Merger
pursuant to agreements entered into by each executive officer and director and
delivered to Acquiror contemporaneously with execution and delivery of this
Agreement.

   SECTION 1.03.  Effect of the Merger.  At the Effective Time, the effect of
the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable provisions
of the Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall possess all the property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Acquiror and the Company, and
shall be subject to all debts, liabilities, restrictions, disabilities and
duties of Acquiror and the Company.

   SECTION 1.04.  Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws.  (a) At the Effective
Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of Acquiror, which shall comply with
Section 5.06, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective

                                      A-9

Time, shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
until thereafter amended, as provided by the Delaware Law and such Certificate
of Incorporation, except that the name of the Surviving Corporation shall be
changed to "RESPIRONICS NOVAMETRIX, INC."

   (b) At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of Acquiror, which shall comply with
Section 5.06, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be
the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended, as provided
by the Delaware Law and such Bylaws.

   SECTION 1.05.  Directors and Officers.  The directors of Acquiror
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial directors of the
Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, and the officers of
the Acquiror immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial
officers of the Surviving Corporation, in each case until their respective
successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified. Certain officers of the
Company shall be appointed officers of the Surviving Corporation, effective at
the Effective Time, to the extent provided in the Employment Agreements
identified in Section 6.02(c) of this Agreement, in each case until their
respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

   SECTION 1.06.  Effect on Capital Stock.

   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective
Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Acquiror,
the Company or the holders of the capital stock of the Company, Acquiror or
Parent, the following will occur:

      (a) Conversion of the Company Common Stock.  Each share of the Company
   Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time,
   other than any shares of the Company Common Stock to be canceled pursuant to
   Section 1.06(c), will be canceled and extinguished and automatically
   converted (subject to Section 1.07(e)) into the right to receive the number
   of the shares of the Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio
   (together with the cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Parent Common
   Stock as specified below, the "Merger Consideration"). No fraction of a
   Parent Common Share will be issued by virtue of the Merger, but in lieu
   thereof, a cash payment shall be made pursuant to Section 1.07(e).

      (b) Exchange Ratio.  The Exchange Ratio shall be calculated on the
   business day which is three (3) business days prior to the Closing Date
   ("Determination Date"). The Exchange Ratio shall be based on the weighted
   average of the selling prices of a single share of Parent Common Stock as
   reported on the Nasdaq National Market System ("Nasdaq") of the National
   Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. ("NASD") for a period consisting of
   20 consecutive trading days ending on the trading day prior to the
   Determination Date, in each case as reported on Nasdaq ("Parent Share
   Price").

          (i) if the Parent Share Price as calculated on the Determination Date
       equals or exceeds $32.00 per share but is equal to or below $35.00 per
       share, the Exchange Ratio shall be 0.25;

          (ii) if the Parent Share Price as calculated on the Determination
       Date exceeds $35.00 per share, the Exchange Ratio shall be calculated by
       dividing $8.75 by the Parent Share Price;

          (iii) if the Parent Share Price as calculated on the Determination
       Date equals or exceeds $30.00 per share but is equal to or below $31.99
       per share, the Exchange Ratio shall be calculated by dividing $8.00 by
       the Parent Share Price; and

          (iv) if the Parent Share Price as calculated on the Determination
       Date is below $30.00 per share, the Exchange Ratio shall be 0.2667,
       subject to the Company's right to terminate this Agreement as more fully
       described in Section 7.01(g) hereof.

                                     A-10

      (c) Cancellation of the Company-Owned and Acquiror-Owned Stock.  Each
   share of the Company Common Stock, if any, held by the Company or any
   subsidiary of the Company or owned by Parent or Acquiror immediately prior
   to the Effective Time shall be canceled and extinguished without any
   conversion thereof.

      (d) Stock Incentive Plans; Stock Purchase Plans; Warrants.  At the
   Effective Time, (i) all options or rights ("Company Stock Options") to
   purchase Company Common Stock then outstanding, whether under (A) the
   Company's 1990 Stock Option Plan, (B) the Company's 1994 Stock Option Plan,
   (C) the Company's 1997 Long Term Incentive Plan, (D) the Company's 2000 Long
   Term Incentive Plan, (E) the Company's 1999 Incentive Plan, or (F) any other
   stock option or stock plan or agreement of the Company (collectively, the
   "Company Stock Option Plans"), (ii) all rights outstanding under any of the
   Company's stock purchase plans including, without limitation, the Company's
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Company Stock Purchase Plan"), and (iii)
   all warrants to purchase Company Common Stock, shall be treated in
   accordance with Section 5.12 of this Agreement.

      (e) Capital Stock of Acquiror.  Each share of common stock, par value
   $0.01 per share, of Acquiror (the "Acquiror Common Stock") issued and
   outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall constitute one
   validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par
   value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation. Following the Effective
   Time, each certificate evidencing ownership of shares of Acquiror Common
   Stock shall evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock of the
   Surviving Corporation.

      (f) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.  If, during the period between the
   date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, any change in the outstanding
   shares of capital stock of Parent or the Company shall occur, including by
   reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, redenomination of share
   capital, stock split, reverse stock split or combination, exchange or
   readjustment of shares, or any stock dividend thereon with a record date
   during such period, the Parent Share Price, the Exchange Ratio, the Merger
   Consideration and any other amounts payable or to be delivered pursuant to
   the Merger or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement shall be appropriately
   adjusted.

   SECTION 1.07.  Exchange of Certificates.

   (a) Exchange Agent.  Mellon Investor Services, L.L.C. shall act as the
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") in the Merger.

   (b) Exchange Fund.  As necessary from time to time following the Effective
Time, Acquiror shall make available to the Exchange Agent, as needed for
exchange in accordance with this Article I, (i) the shares of the Parent Common
Stock required for exchange of the Shares in the Merger and (ii) an amount of
cash sufficient to permit the Exchange Agent to make the necessary payments of
cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Parent Common Stock in accordance with
Section 1.07(e) (such cash in lieu of fractional shares and the shares of the
Parent Common Stock, together with any dividends or distributions with respect
thereto, are hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund").

   (c) Exchange Procedures.  Promptly after the Effective Time, Acquiror shall
instruct the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record, as of the
Effective Time, of a certificate or certificates ("Certificates") which
immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of the
Company Common Stock whose shares were converted into the right to receive the
Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 1.06, (i) a letter of transmittal in
customary form (that shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of
loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the
Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall contain such other customary
provisions as Acquiror may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in
effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for the shares of the
Parent Common Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares. Upon surrender of
Certificates for cancellation to the Exchange Agent together with such letter
of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the
instructions thereto, the holders of such

                                     A-11

Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor solely that
number of whole shares of the Parent Common Stock into which their shares of
the Company Common Stock were converted at the Effective Time pursuant to
Section 1.06, cash in lieu of fractional shares that such holders have the
right to receive pursuant to Section 1.07(e) and any dividends or distributions
payable pursuant to Section 1.07(d), and the Certificates so surrendered shall
forthwith be canceled. Until so surrendered, outstanding Certificates will be
deemed from and after the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, to
evidence only the right to receive the whole number of shares of the Parent
Common Stock into which such shares of the Company Common Stock shall have been
so converted and the right to receive an amount in cash in lieu of any
fractional shares in accordance with Section 1.07(e) and any dividends or
distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.07(d). No interest will be paid or
accrued on any cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Parent Common Stock or
on any unpaid dividends or distributions payable to holders of Certificates. In
the event of a transfer of ownership of shares of the Company Common Stock that
is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, the proper whole
number of shares of the Parent Common Stock may be issued to a transferee if
the Certificate representing such shares of the Company Common Stock is
presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents required to
evidence and effect such transfer and by evidence that any applicable stock
transfer taxes have been paid.

   (d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares.  No dividends or other
distributions declared or made with respect to the Parent Common Stock with a
record date after the Effective Time will be paid to the holders of any
unsurrendered Certificates with respect to the Parent Common Stock represented
thereby until the holders of record of such Certificates shall surrender such
Certificates in accordance with Section 1.07(c). Subject to applicable law,
following surrender of any such Certificates, the Exchange Agent shall deliver
that whole number of shares of the Parent Common Stock issued in exchange
therefor, without interest, at the time of such surrender, cash in lieu of
fractional shares of the Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 1.07(e), the
amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the
Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares of the Parent
Common Stock and, at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or
other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but prior to
surrender and a payment date occurring after surrender with respect to such
whole shares of the Parent Common Stock.

   (e) Fractional Shares.  No certificate or scrip representing fractional
shares of the Parent Common Stock will be issued in the Merger upon the
surrender for exchange of Certificates, and such fractional shares of the
Parent Common Stock will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to any rights
of a holder of the shares of the Parent Common Stock. In lieu of any such
fractional shares of the Parent Common Stock, each holder of Certificates who
would otherwise have been entitled to a fraction of a Parent Common Share in
exchange for such Certificate (after taking into account all Certificates
delivered by such holder) pursuant to this Section shall receive from the
Exchange Agent, as applicable, a cash payment in lieu of such fractional Parent
Common Share, determined by multiplying (A) the fractional share interest to
which such holder would otherwise be entitled by (B) the Parent Share Price.

   (f) Required Withholding.  The Exchange Agent shall be entitled to deduct
and withhold from any consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant
to this Agreement, and from any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to
Section 1.07(d), to any holder or former holder of the Company Common Stock
such amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the
Code or under any provision of state, local or foreign tax law or under any
other applicable law. To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld,
such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having
been paid to the person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid.

   (g) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.  In the event that any
Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent
shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon
the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, solely that
whole number of shares of the Parent Common Stock into which the shares of the
Company Common Stock represented by such Certificates were converted pursuant
to Section 1.06, cash in lieu of fractional shares of the Parent Common Stock,
if any, as may be required pursuant to Section 1.07(e) and any dividends or
distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.07(d);

                                     A-12

provided, however, that Acquiror may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the delivery of any Parent Common Stock, cash and other
distributions, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates
to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against Parent, Acquiror, the Surviving Corporation
or the Exchange Agent with respect to the Certificates alleged to have been
lost, stolen or destroyed.

   (h) No Liability.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section
1.07, neither the Exchange Agent, Parent, Acquiror, the Surviving Corporation
nor their respective affiliates shall be liable to a holder of shares of the
Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock for any amount properly paid to a
public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar law.

   (i) Termination of Exchange Fund.  Any portion of the Exchange Fund which
remains undistributed to the holders of Company Common Stock for six months
after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Acquiror, upon demand, and any
holders of Company Common Stock who have not theretofore complied with the
provisions of this Section 1.07 shall thereafter look only to Acquiror for
shares of the Parent Common Stock, any cash in lieu of fractional shares of the
Parent Common Stock to which they are entitled pursuant to Section 1.07(e) and
any dividends or other distributions with respect to shares of the Parent
Common Stock to which they are entitled pursuant to Section 1.07(d), in each
case, without any interest thereon.

   SECTION 1.08.  No Further Ownership Rights in the Company Common Stock.

   All shares of the Parent Common Stock issued in accordance with the terms
hereof (including any cash paid in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 1.07(d)
and (e)) shall be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights
pertaining to shares of Company Common Stock, and there shall be no further
registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares
of Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the
Surviving Corporation for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as
provided in this Article I.

   SECTION 1.09.  Tax Consequences.

   It is intended by the parties hereto that the Merger shall constitute a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Sections 368(a) of the Code. The parties
hereto adopt this Agreement as a "plan of reorganization" within the meaning of
sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States Treasury Regulations.

   SECTION 1.10.  Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action.

   If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or
desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving
Corporation with full right, title and possession to all assets, property,
rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Acquiror, the
officers and directors of the Company, Acquiror and the Surviving Corporation
will take all such lawful and necessary or desirable action in the name of the
Company or Acquiror.

                                  Article II

                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

   The Company hereby represents and warrants to Acquiror as follows:

   SECTION 2.01.  Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries.

   (a) Each of the Company and its subsidiaries is an entity duly organized,
validly existing and (to the extent the concept of good standing exists in the
applicable jurisdiction) in good standing under the laws of the

                                     A-13

jurisdiction of its organization and has the requisite corporate or other power
and authority necessary to own, lease and operate the properties it purports to
own, operate or lease and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, except where the failure to have such other power or authority would
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each of the
Company and its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign
corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where
the character of its properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
of its activities makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except for
such failures to be so duly qualified or licensed and in good standing that
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. A true and
complete list of all subsidiaries of the Company together with the jurisdiction
of organization of each such subsidiary and the percentage of each such
subsidiary's outstanding capital stock owned by the Company or another
subsidiary of the Company is contained in Section 2.01 of the written
disclosure schedule previously initialed on behalf of the Company and the
Acquiror (the "Company Disclosure Schedule"). Except as set forth in Section
2.01 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar interest in, or
any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or
similar interest in or is the general or limited partner of, any corporation,
partnership, joint venture or other business association or entity (other than
its wholly-owned subsidiaries), (i) with respect to which interest the Company
or a subsidiary has invested (and currently owns) or is required to invest
$50,000 or more, or (ii) which is a publicly-traded entity unless such interest
is held for investment by the Company or its subsidiary and comprises less than
five percent of the outstanding stock of such entity.

   (b) "Material Adverse Effect," when used in connection with the Company or
any of its subsidiaries or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may
be, means any change, effect, development or circumstance that is materially
adverse to the business, assets (including intangible assets), financial
condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company and its
subsidiaries or Parent and its subsidiaries, as the case may be, in each case
taken as a whole; provided, however, that the following shall be excluded from
the definition of Material Adverse Effect and from any determination as to
whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or may occur: changes, effects,
developments or circumstances (i) affecting (A) the medical equipment or
healthcare industries generally, (B) the United States securities markets
generally or (C) economic, regulatory, or political conditions generally, or
(ii) arising from or relating to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated
hereby or the announcement hereof or thereof, including, without limitation,
except as set forth in Section 2.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, any
effects on customers and suppliers, but excluding any effects on personnel.

   SECTION 2.02.  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

   The Company has heretofore made available to Acquiror a complete and correct
copy of its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws as amended to date (the
"Company Charter Documents"), and the certificates of incorporation and bylaws
(or equivalent organizational documents) as amended to date of each of its
subsidiaries (the "Subsidiary Documents"). All such Company Charter Documents
and Subsidiary Documents are in full force and effect, except in the case of
Subsidiary Documents where the failure to be in force and effect would not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in violation
of any of the provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or
equivalent organizational documents, except for violations of the documents
which do not and are not reasonably likely to materially interfere with the
operations of such entity.

   SECTION 2.03.  Capitalization.

   (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 20,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of
which 90,000 shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, par value
$1.00 per share, and 120,000 shares have been designated Series B Preferred
Stock, par value $1.00 per share (collectively, the "Company Preferred Stock").
As of November 16, 2001, (i) 8,772,616 shares of Company Common Stock were
issued and outstanding, all of which are validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable (excluding treasury shares which are issued but not outstanding,
all of which are not entitled to

                                     A-14

vote), and none of which has been issued in violation of preemptive or similar
rights, (ii) 1,662,950 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for
existing grants and 317,004 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for
future grants pursuant to the Company Stock Option Plans, (iii) 77,270 shares
of Company Common Stock were reserved and available for future issuance
pursuant to the Company Stock Purchase Plan, (iv) 566,735 shares of Company
Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Company's Class B
Warrants (the "Class B Warrants"), and (v) 358,179 shares of Company Common
Stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Company's other
outstanding warrants to purchase Company Common Stock (the "Other Warrants").
As of November 16, 2001, there were no outstanding shares of Company Preferred
Stock. 90,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are reserved for issuance upon
exercise of the rights (the "Company Rights" or, individually, a "Company
Right") distributed in connection with that certain Rights Agreement dated as
of December 29, 1999 (the "Rights Agreement"). As of November 16, 2001, no
shares of Company Common Stock, Class B Warrants, or Other Warrants were held
by subsidiaries of the Company. Except as set forth in Section 2.03 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, no change in such capitalization has occurred
since November 16, 2001 except for changes resulting from the exercise or
termination of stock options which were outstanding under the Company Stock
Option Plans and exercisable as of November 16, 2001 (or were outstanding under
the Company Stock Option Plans as of November 16, 2001 and became exercisable
in accordance with their terms thereafter), from the issuance of shares of the
Company Common Stock under the Company Stock Purchase Plan, pursuant to the
current offering period under such plan ending on December 31, 2001 and until
the suspension of such plan as provided in Section 5.12(d), from the exercise
of the Class B Warrants or the Other Warrants, or transactions permitted by
Section 4.01. Except as set forth in this Section 2.03 or Section 2.11 or in
Section 2.03 or Section 2.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and except for
this Agreement, there are no options, warrants or other rights, agreements,
arrangements or commitments of any character binding on the Company relating to
the issued or unissued capital stock of the Company or obligating the Company
to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or other equity interests in,
the Company. All shares of Company Common Stock subject to issuance as
aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the
instruments pursuant to which they are issuable, shall be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will not be issued in
violation of preemptive or similar rights. There are no bonds, debentures,
notes or other indebtedness having voting rights (or convertible into
securities having such rights) ("Voting Debt") of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries issued and outstanding.

   (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
there are no obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of the
Company Common Stock or the capital stock of any subsidiary. Except as set
forth in Section 2.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form of a loan, capital
contribution or otherwise) in any such subsidiary or any other entity other
than guarantees of obligations of subsidiaries and intercompany book entry
transactions, in either case entered into in the ordinary course of business.
Except as set forth in Sections 2.01 or 2.03 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, (i) all of the outstanding shares of capital stock (other than
directors' qualifying shares) of each of the Company's subsidiaries are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and (ii) all such
shares (other than directors' qualifying shares and a de minimis number of
shares owned by employees of such subsidiaries) are owned by the Company or
another subsidiary free and clear of all security interests, liens, claims,
pledges, agreements, limitations on the Company's voting rights, charges or
other encumbrances of any nature whatsoever. Except as set forth in Section
2.01, this Section 2.03 or Section 2.11 or in Section 2.03 or Section 2.11 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule and except for this Agreement, there are no
options, warrants or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments of
any character binding on the Company's subsidiaries relating to the issued or
unissued capital stock of the Company's subsidiaries or obligating the
Company's subsidiaries to issue or sell any shares of capital stock of, or
other equity interests in, the Company's subsidiaries.

   SECTION 2.04.  Authority Relative to this Agreement.

   (a) The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and, subject to obtaining the necessary stockholder
approval of the Merger and adoption of this Agreement, to

                                     A-15

perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the
Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action,
and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to
authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions so contemplated
(other than the requisite approval of the Merger and adoption of this Agreement
by the Company's stockholders in accordance with Delaware Law and the Company
Charter Documents and the filing and recording of appropriate merger documents
as required by the Delaware Law). The affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock is the only vote
of the holders of any class or series of the Company's capital stock necessary
to adopt this Agreement and the Merger.

   (b) Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties in Section
3.13, the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware Law and Article Twelfth of
the Company's Certificate of Incorporation will not apply to the Merger. No
other "fair price," "merger moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other
similar anti-takeover statute or regulation applies or purports to apply to
this Agreement or the Merger.

   (c) As of the date hereof, the Board of Directors of the Company has by a
unanimous vote of those directors present (such directors constituting a quorum
under the Company's Bylaws) (i) determined that it is advisable and in the best
interest of the Company's stockholders for the Company to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the Merger upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of this Agreement, (ii) approved this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
Delaware Law and the Company Charter Documents, (iii) authorized the
performance by the Company of this Agreement subject to such stockholder
approval as contemplated in Section 2.04(a), and (iv) recommended the approval
of the Merger and adoption of this Agreement by holders of the Company Common
Stock and directed that this Agreement be submitted for consideration by the
Company's stockholders at a meeting of the stockholders of the Company to
consider approval of the Merger and adoption of this Agreement (the "Company
Stockholders Meeting"). This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by Acquiror and the Parent of this Agreement and the Guarantee hereof,
respectively, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other laws relating to or affecting the rights and remedies of creditors
generally and to general principles of equity, including (without limitation)
concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing
(regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

   (d) The Board of Directors of the Company has taken all actions necessary to
cause the Rights Agreement to be ineffective and not applicable as to the
Merger and any other transactions described in this Agreement. The execution of
this Agreement does not, and the consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby will not, result in the grant of any rights to
any person under the Rights Agreement, or enable or require any outstanding
rights to be exercised, distributed or triggered. All such actions to cause the
Rights Agreement to be ineffective and not applicable as to the Merger and any
other transactions described in this Agreement have been duly and validly taken
by the Company's Board of Directors and are binding on and enforceable against
the Company.

   SECTION 2.05.  No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

   (a) Subject to the following sentence, Section 2.05(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule includes, as of the date hereof, a list of (i) other than
intercompany obligations, all loan agreements, indentures, mortgages, pledges,
conditional sale or title retention agreements, security agreements,
guaranties, standby letters of credit (to which the Company or any subsidiary
is the responsible party), equipment leases or lease purchase agreements, each
in an amount equal to or exceeding $50,000 (other than leases outside the
United States providing for payments of not more than $50,000 per year) to
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them
is bound; (ii) all contracts, agreements, commitments or other understandings
or arrangements to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or
by which any of them or any of their

                                     A-16

respective properties or assets is bound or affected, but excluding contracts,
agreements, commitments or other understandings or arrangements entered into in
the ordinary course of business and involving, in the case of any such
contract, agreement, commitment, or other understanding or arrangement,
individual payments or receipts by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of
less than $50,000 over the term of such contract, commitment, agreement, or
other understanding or arrangement; and (iii) all agreements which are required
to be filed as "material contracts" with the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC") pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the SEC's rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the
"Exchange Act") but which have not been so filed with the SEC. The Agreements
listed on Schedule 2.05(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall be
collectively referred to as the "Company Agreements". With regard to agreements
for the purchase or sale of raw materials or inventory or for the provision of
services in the ordinary course of business and licensing or royalty
arrangements, the thresholds referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of the
preceding sentence shall be measured on an annual basis.

   (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.05(b) and Sections 2.11(f) and (h) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company does not, and the performance of this Agreement by the Company
will not, (i) conflict with or violate the Company Charter Documents, (ii)
assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 2.05(c), conflict
with or violate the Subsidiary Documents or any law, rule, regulation, order,
judgment or decree applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or by
which its or any of their respective properties is bound or affected, or (iii)
result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice
or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or impair the Company's
or any of its subsidiaries' rights or alter the rights or obligations of any
third party under, or give to others any rights of, or cause any, termination,
amendment, redemption, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of a lien or encumbrance on (including a right to purchase) any of the
properties or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any
of the Company Agreements or any other note, bond, mortgage, indenture, credit
facility, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other
instrument or obligation to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or its or any of their
respective properties is bound or affected, except in the case of clause (ii)
or (iii), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other
occurrences that would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.

   (c) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company does not,
and the performance of this Agreement by the Company will not, require the
Company or any of its subsidiaries to make or seek any consent, approval,
authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any
governmental, administrative, judicial or regulatory authority, domestic or
foreign (each, a "Governmental Authority"), except (i) for applicable
requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, state securities
laws, the pre-merger notification requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder (the "HSR Act"), and Nasdaq; filings and consents under any
applicable non-U.S. laws intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions
having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade ("Non-U.S.
Monopoly Laws"); filings and consents as may be required under any
environmental, health or safety law or regulation pertaining to any
notification, disclosure or required approval triggered by the Merger or the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement ("Environmental, Health and Safety
Laws"); and the filing and recordation of an appropriate certificate of merger
as required by the Delaware Law; (ii) where the failure to obtain such
consents, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or
notifications, would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the
Merger, or otherwise prevent or materially delay the Company from performing
its obligations under this Agreement and would not materially affect the
Surviving Corporation's ability to conduct its business after the Merger; or
(iii) as to which any necessary consents, approvals, authorizations, permits,
filings or notifications have heretofore been obtained or filed, as the case
may be, by the Company.

   Section 2.06.  Compliance; Permits.

   (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.06(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in conflict with,
or in default or violation of, (i) in any material respects, any law, rule,

                                     A-17

regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or by which its or any of their respective properties is bound or
affected or (ii) any Company Agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, credit
facility, contract, agreement, letter of credit, pledge, guarantee, lease,
license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries or its or any of their respective properties is bound or
affected except for any such conflicts or defaults which would not reasonably
be expected to result in an adverse effect on the Company in excess of $50,000
individually or $100,000 in the aggregate.

   (b) Except as set forth in Schedule 2.06(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, no investigation by any Governmental Authority with respect to the
Company or its subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened. Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is subject to any
order, directive, warning letter or supervisory letter of, or agreement,
memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement (including board resolutions
adopted at the request of a regulatory authority) with, any Federal, state,
local or foreign regulatory authority restricting its operations, restricting
it from taking any action or requiring that certain actions be taken, and
Company has no knowledge that any such order, directive, supervisory letter,
agreement, memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement is threatened,
contemplated or under consideration by any such regulatory authority.

   (c) Except as set forth in Section 2.06(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses,
easements, variances, exceptions, consents, certificates, orders and approvals
from Governmental Authorities which are material to the operation of the
business of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as it is now
being conducted (collectively, the "Company Permits"). Except as set forth in
Section 2.06(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and its
subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the
Company Permits.

   SECTION 2.07.  SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

   (a) The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and
other documents (including all exhibits thereto) required to be filed with the
SEC since April 28, 1996 (the "Post-1996 Company SEC Documents"). Except as set
forth in Section 2.07 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and taking into
account any amendments and supplements filed prior to the date of this
Agreement, such Post-1996 Company SEC Documents (i) were prepared in all
material respects in accordance with the applicable requirements of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (ii) did not at the
time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date
of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light and at the time of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the Company's subsidiaries is required to file any forms,
reports or other documents with the SEC.

   (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case,
any related notes thereto) contained in the Post-1996 Company SEC Documents was
prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto), and each
fairly presents in all material respects the consolidated financial position of
the Company and its subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the
consolidated results of its operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for
the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements
(i) should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Company for the applicable fiscal year contained in the
Post-1996 Company SEC Documents, and (ii) were or are subject to normal and
recurring year-end adjustments which were not or are not expected to be
material in amount.

   SECTION 2.08.  Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

   Except as set forth in Section 2.08 or 4.01 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, and except as a result of acts or omissions after the date hereof
permitted under Section 4.01, since April 29, 2001, the Company has

                                     A-18

conducted its business in the ordinary course and there has not occurred: (i)
any changes, effects or circumstances constituting, or which would reasonably
be expected to constitute, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect; (ii) any amendments or changes in the Company Charter Documents; (iii)
any material changes to any Company Employee Plans or other employee benefit
arrangements or agreements, including the establishment of any new such plans,
arrangements or agreements or the extension of coverage under any such plans,
arrangements or agreements to new groups of employees or other individuals,
(iv) any material damage to, destruction or loss of any asset of the Company
(whether or not covered by insurance); (v) any material change by the Company
in its accounting methods, principles or practices (other than as required by
GAAP); or (vi) other than in the ordinary course of business, any sale of a
material amount of assets of the Company. The executive management of the
Company is not aware of any Material Adverse Effect that would reasonably be
expected to occur as a result of or relating to (i) the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the Company; (ii) the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby; (iii) the announcement of this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby; or (iv) the performance by the Company of any
of its obligations under this Agreement.

   SECTION 2.09.  No Undisclosed Liabilities.

   Except as set forth in Section 2.09 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities (whether or
not absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise), except liabilities (a) in the
aggregate adequately provided for or disclosed in the Company's unaudited
balance sheet (including any related notes thereto) as of October 28, 2001
included in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
October 28, 2001 (the "2001 Company Balance Sheet"), (b) incurred in the
ordinary course of business and not required under GAAP to be reflected on the
2001 Company Balance Sheet, (c) incurred since October 28, 2001 if such
liability is in excess of $50,000 and is (a) not incurred in the ordinary
course of business, or (b) if incurred in the ordinary course of business, is a
nonrecurring payment to (i) a vendor not doing business with the Company on the
date of this Agreement, or (ii) an existing vendor doing business with the
Company on the date of this Agreement, but with respect to goods or services
not being provided by such vendor to the Company on the date of this Agreement,
or (d) incurred in connection with this Agreement or the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby. Section 2.09 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth the amount of principal and unpaid interest outstanding
under each instrument evidencing indebtedness of the Company and its
subsidiaries. Section 2.09 of the Company Disclosure Schedule also sets forth
the amount of principal and unpaid interest outstanding under each instrument
evidencing indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries which will
accelerate or become due or result in a right of redemption or repurchase on
the part of the holder of such indebtedness (with or without due notice or
lapse of time) as a result of this Agreement, the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated hereby.

   SECTION 2.10.  Absence of Litigation.

   Except as set forth in Section 2.10 and Section 2.19(c) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule or arising out of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (of which the executive management of the Company has no knowledge),
there are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or,
to the knowledge of the senior management of the Company, threatened (except
those threatened matters that would not reasonably be expected individually to
exceed $100,000 or in the aggregate to exceed $500,000) against the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, or any properties or rights of the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, before any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority.

   SECTION 2.11.  Employee Benefit Plans; Employment Agreements.

   (a) "Company Employee Plans" shall mean all "employee pension benefit plans"
(as defined in Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended ("ERISA")), all "employee welfare benefit plans" (as defined
in Section 3(l) of ERISA), and all other bonus, stock option, stock purchase,
incentive, deferred compensation, supplemental retirement, severance and other
similar fringe or employee benefit plans,

                                     A-19

programs or arrangements (including those which contain change of control
provisions or pending change of control provisions), and any employment,
executive compensation or severance agreements (including those which contain
change of control provisions or pending change of control provisions), as
amended, modified or supplemented, maintained or contributed to by the Company
or a subsidiary of the Company for the benefit of any former or current
employee, officer or director (or any of their beneficiaries) of the Company or
a subsidiary of the Company. The term "Affiliate Plan" shall mean any other
such plan, program or arrangement with respect to which the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company has or would reasonably be expected to have any
liability, either as a member of a controlled group of corporations or trades
or businesses, as defined under Section 414 of the Code and comparable
provisions of ERISA, or by contractual arrangement. Section 2.11(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule lists each Company Employee Plan and each Affiliate
Plan. With respect to each plan included on the Company Disclosure Schedule,
the Company shall indicate whether such plan includes a change of control
provision. With respect to each Company Employee Plan or Affiliate Plan listed
in Section 2.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company has made
available to Acquiror, to the extent applicable: (i) each such written Company
Employee Plan and any related trust agreement, insurance and other contract
(including a policy), if any, the most recently prepared summary plan
description, if any, summary of material modifications the substance of which
is not already incorporated in the corresponding summary plan description or
Company Employee Plan document, if any, and written communications distributed
to plan participants that would reasonably be expected to materially modify the
terms of any Company Employee Plan, whether through information actually
conveyed in the communication or a failure to convey information; (ii) the
three most recent annual reports on Form 5500 series, with accompanying
schedules and attachments, filed with respect to each Company Employee Plan,
required to make such a filing; (iii) the most recent actuarial valuation, if
any, for each Company Employee Plan and Affiliate Plan subject to Title IV of
ERISA, to the extent applicable; (iv) the latest reports, if any, which have
been filed with the Department of Labor ("DOL") to satisfy the alternative
method of compliance for pension plans for certain selected employees pursuant
to DOL regulation Section 2520.104-23; and (v) the most recent favorable
determination letters issued for each Company Employee Plan and related trust
which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code (and, if an
application for such determination is pending, a copy of the application for
such determination).

   (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.11(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, (i) none of the Company Employee Plans or Affiliate Plans promises or
provides material medical or other material welfare benefits to any director,
officer, employee or consultant (or any of their beneficiaries) after their
service with the Company or