URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/711665/000089322002001262/0000893220-02-001262.txt

FIVE RADNOR CORPORATE CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 470
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4072814103

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FIVE RADNOR CORPORATE CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 470
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LASER PHOTONICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

S-4

w64658sv4.txt

PHOTOMEDEX, INC.

    AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON OCTOBER 18, 2002
                           REGISTRATION NO. 333-_____

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington D.C. 20549
                                   -----------
                                    FORM S-4

                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT

                                      UNDER

                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                   -----------
                                PHOTOMEDEX, INC.

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

          DELAWARE                         3845                    59-2058100
(State or other jurisdiction   (Primary Standard Industrial     (I.R.S. Employer
    of incorporation or         Classification Code Number)      Identification
       organization)                                                 Number)

                     Five Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 470
                           Radnor, Pennsylvania 19087
                                 (610) 971-9292

              (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
       including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices)

                              Jeffrey F. O'Donnell
                             Chief Executive Officer
                                PhotoMedex, Inc.
                     Five Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 470
                           Radnor, Pennsylvania 19087
                                 (610) 971-9292
          (Name and address, including zip code, and telephone number,
                   including area code, of agent for service)

                                   -----------

                                   Copies to:

Luce, Forward, Hamilton & Scripps LLP                  Duane Morris LLP
     Attn: Jeffrey P. Berg, Esq.                Attn: Thomas G. Spencer, Esq.
       Kenneth M.H. Hoff, Esq.                        One Liberty Place
 11755 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 1600          Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
  Los Angeles, California 90025-5244                Phone: (215) 979-1218
        Phone: (310) 481-5200

                                   ----------

         APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: As
soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective and all
other conditions to the merger of a subsidiary of the Registrant with and into
Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc. pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of September 25, 2002, described in the enclosed proxy
statement/prospectus, have been satisfied or waived.

                                   -----------

         If the securities being registered on this form are to be offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [ ]

         If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [ ]

         If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule
462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities
Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration
statement for the same offering. [ ]

                         CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

                                                                                        AGGREGATE
  TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF SECURITIES TO BE       NUMBER TO BE      PROPOSED MAXIMUM    OFFERING PRICE    REGISTRATION
                REGISTERED                     REGISTERED (1)      OFFERING PRICE          (2)              FEE
                ----------                     --------------      --------------          ---              ---

Common stock, par value $0.01............       2,607,320              $1.38           $3,598,102         $331.03

(1)   Based upon the maximum number of shares of the Registrant's common stock
      expected to be issued in connection with the merger described herein to
      holders of common stock of Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.

(2)   Estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the
      registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(f) under the Securities Act
      of 1933, as amended, based on the average of the closing price for the
      common stock, as reported on The Nasdaq National Market on October 16,
      2002.

      THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(A) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNTIL THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT
SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO
SECTION 8(A), MAY DETERMINE.

      THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY
      BE CHANGED. WE MAY NOT ISSUE THESE SECURITIES UNTIL THE REGISTRATION
      STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE.
      ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. THIS PROXY
      STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS
      NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE
      OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED.

                SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED OCTOBER 18, 2002

                    [SURGICAL LASER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. LOGO]

To the Stockholders of Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.:

         On September 25, 2002, the board of directors of Surgical Laser
Technologies, Inc., or SLT, approved an agreement and plan of merger with
PhotoMedex, Inc., whereby PhotoMedex will acquire SLT. In order to complete the
merger, SLT must obtain the approval of its stockholders. SLT believes that this
merger will benefit its stockholders and asks for your support in voting for the
merger proposal at SLT's special meeting.

         Under the terms of the merger agreement, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
PhotoMedex will merge with and into SLT and SLT will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of PhotoMedex. In the merger, each share of SLT common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be
converted into 1.12 shares of PhotoMedex common stock. In addition, PhotoMedex
will assume certain outstanding SLT common stock warrants. PhotoMedex common
stock is traded on The Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "PHMD," and it is
a condition to closing the merger that the PhotoMedex common stock to be issued
to SLT stockholders in the merger at closing (other than shares which may be
issued after the closing upon the exercise of certain warrants assumed by
PhotoMedex in the merger) be listed on The Nasdaq National Market.

         After careful consideration, the SLT board of directors has determined
that the merger and the transactions associated with it are fair to and in the
best interests of SLT and its stockholders and has approved the merger
agreement. The SLT board of directors recommends that you vote "FOR" the
approval of the merger and the adoption of the merger agreement.

         Before the merger can be consummated, stockholders holding a majority
of the outstanding shares of SLT common stock must approve and adopt the merger
agreement and the plan of merger. The directors and officers of SLT, who
collectively beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 15% of the issued
and outstanding shares of SLT common stock, have agreed to vote all of their SLT
common stock in favor of the merger agreement and the plan of merger.

         SLT will hold a special meeting of its stockholders on December __,
2002 at the offices of its counsel, Duane Morris LLP, One Liberty Place, 1650
Market Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-7396, at ____ a.m., local time.
SLT's board of directors has fixed the close of business on November 8, 2002,
as the record date for the determination of the SLT stockholders entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the SLT special meeting.

         WE STRONGLY URGE YOU TO READ AND CONSIDER CAREFULLY THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IN ITS ENTIRETY, INCLUDING THE MATTERS DISCUSSED UNDER THE
SECTION ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 18.

         Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the SLT
special meeting in person, please take the time to vote your shares. You may
vote your shares by completing, signing and dating the enclosed proxy card and
promptly returning it in the accompanying prepaid envelope. If you attend the
special meeting, you may vote in person, if you wish, even though you have
previously returned your proxy. If you do not vote at all, it will, in effect,
count as a vote against the merger.

         On behalf of the SLT board of directors, I thank you for your support
and urge you to vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement between Surgical
Laser Technologies, Inc. and PhotoMedex, Inc.

                                      Very truly yours,

                                      /s/ Michael R. Stewart
                                      ----------------------
                                      Michael R. Stewart
                                      President and Chief Executive Officer
                                      Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.

         NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES
COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED UPON THE
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS OR DETERMINED IF THIS
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS ACCURATE, ADEQUATE OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

         THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS DATED _____________, 2002, AND IS
FIRST BEING MAILED TO SLT STOCKHOLDERS ON OR ABOUT ______________, 2002.

                    [SURGICAL LASER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. LOGO]

                        SURGICAL LASER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                               147 KEYSTONE DRIVE

                    MONTGOMERYVILLE, PENNSYLVANIA 18936-9638

                                 (215) 619-3600

                  NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SLT STOCKHOLDERS

                         TO BE HELD ON DECEMBER __, 2002

         We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Surgical Laser
Technologies, Inc, a Delaware corporation, or SLT, at the offices of our
counsel, Duane Morris LLP, One Liberty Place, 1650 Market Street, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania 19103-7396, on December __, 2002, at __a.m., local time, for the
following purposes:

                  1. To consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement
         and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 25, 2002, by and among
         PhotoMedex, Inc., J Merger Corp., Inc, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
         PhotoMedex, and SLT and approve the merger of J Merger Corp., Inc.,
         with and into SLT, with SLT surviving the merger. In the merger,
         PhotoMedex will issue 1.12 shares of its common stock in exchange for
         each outstanding share of SLT common stock and SLT will become a
         wholly-owned subsidiary of PhotoMedex.

                  2. To transact such other business that may properly come
         before the special meeting or any adjournment(s) thereof.

         The accompanying proxy statement/prospectus describes the merger
agreement and proposed merger in more detail. You are encouraged to read the
entire document carefully. In particular, you should carefully consider the
discussion entitled "Risk Factors" which begins on page 18.

         The SLT board of directors has fixed the close of business on
November 8, 2002 as the record date for the determination of the stockholders
entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the SLT special meeting. Each share of
SLT common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters presented at the SLT
special meeting.

         Under Delaware law, holders of SLT common stock are entitled to
dissenters' rights of appraisal if the merger agreement is adopted. Any holder
of SLT common stock who:

         -        files with SLT, before the vote is taken to adopt the merger
                  agreement, a written objection to the merger stating that he
                  or she intends to demand payment for his or her shares if the
                  merger is effected, and

         -        does not vote in favor of the merger or for adoption of the
                  merger agreement,

has the right to demand in writing from SLT, within 20 days after receiving
notice from SLT that the merger has become effective, payment for his or her
shares and appraisal of their value. Dissenting stockholders must follow the
procedures regarding appraisal elements contained in Section 262 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, a copy of which is attached as Annex C to this proxy
statement/prospectus.

         YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. Whether or not you expect to attend the SLT
special meeting in person, PLEASE VOTE BY COMPLETING, SIGNING AND DATING THE
ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT PROMPTLY IN THE POSTAGE PREPAID REPLY
ENVELOPE PROVIDED. The proxy is revocable by you at any time prior to its use at
the SLT special meeting. If you are a holder of record, you may also cast your
vote in person at the SLT special meeting. If you receive more than one proxy
card because your shares are registered in different names or addresses,

each proxy card should be signed and returned to ensure that all your shares
will be voted at the SLT special meeting. If your shares are held at a brokerage
firm or a bank, you must provide them with instructions on how to vote your
shares. If you do not vote at all, it will, in effect, count as a vote against
the proposal.

         The SLT board of directors has carefully considered the terms and
conditions of the merger and agrees that the terms are fair to, and in the best
interests of, our stockholders. The board of directors has approved the merger
agreement and merger and recommends that you vote FOR the adoption of the merger
agreement.

         Please note that you should not send stock certificates with your
proxies. If the merger is completed, the exchange agent will send you a
transmittal letter and instructions for exchange of your stock certificates.

         On behalf of the SLT board of directors, I thank you for your support
and urge you to vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement between Surgical
Laser Technologies, Inc. and PhotoMedex, Inc.

                                            By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                           /s/ Michael R. Stewart
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Michael R. Stewart
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer
                                           Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.

_____________, 2002
Montgomeryville, Pennsylvania

                                

Questions and Answers about the Merger..........................................................................        2

Summary of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus.......................................................................        5
         The Companies..........................................................................................        5
         The Merger.............................................................................................        6
         What You Will Receive in the Merger....................................................................        6
         Ownership of PhotoMedex After the Merger...............................................................        6
         The Special Meeting....................................................................................        6
         Record Date for Voting; Required Votes for the Merger Proposal.........................................        6
         Conditions to the Consummation of the Merger...........................................................        6
         Termination of the Merger Agreement....................................................................        7
         Termination Fees.......................................................................................        8
         Reasons for the Merger.................................................................................        8
         Recommendation of the SLT Board........................................................................        8
         Opinion of SLT's Financial Advisor.....................................................................        8
         Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences.................................................        9
         Accounting Treatment...................................................................................        9
         Interests of SLT Directors and Officers in the Merger..................................................        9
         Dissenter's or Appraisal Rights........................................................................        9
         Quotation on The Nasdaq National Market................................................................       10
         Risks of the Merger....................................................................................       10
         PhotoMedex Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data.............................................       10
         SLT Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data....................................................       11
         Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Data.....................................       12
         Comparative Per Share Data.............................................................................       13
         Comparative Market Price and Dividend Information......................................................       14

Where You Can Find More Information.............................................................................       15

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.......................................................       16

Risk Factors....................................................................................................       18
         Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger..................................................................       18
         Risks Relating to the Business and Operations of PhotoMedex Following the Merger.......................       22

The SLT Special Meeting.........................................................................................       31
         Time and Place of the Special Meeting..................................................................       32
         Purpose of the Special Meeting.........................................................................       32
         Board of Directors Recommendation......................................................................       32
         Record Date; Stock Entitled to Vote; Quorum............................................................       32
         Required Vote..........................................................................................       32
         Stockholder Agreements.................................................................................       33
         Affiliate Agreements...................................................................................       33
         Proxies; Voting and Revocation.........................................................................       33
         Solicitation of Proxies................................................................................       33

The Merger......................................................................................................       34
         General................................................................................................       34
         Background of the Merger...............................................................................       34
         SLT's Reasons for the Merger...........................................................................       36
         Recommendation of the SLT Board........................................................................       38
         PhotoMedex's Reasons for the Merger....................................................................       38
         Opinion of SLT's Financial Advisor.....................................................................       38
         Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences.................................................       44

                                       i

                                

         Accounting Treatment...................................................................................       46
         Interests of SLT Directors and Officers in the Merger..................................................       47
         Dissenter's or Appraisal Rights........................................................................       47
         Quotation on The Nasdaq National Market................................................................       49
         Delisting and Deregistration of SLT Common Stock.......................................................       49
         Federal Securities Laws Consequences...................................................................       49

The Merger Agreement............................................................................................       49
         The Merger.............................................................................................       50
         The Exchange Ratio and Treatment of Securities.........................................................       50
         Exchange of Certificates...............................................................................       50
         Transfer of Shares.....................................................................................       51
         Representations and Warranties of SLT and PhotoMedex...................................................       51
         Conduct of PhotoMedex's and SLT's Business Prior to the Merger.........................................       52
         Stockholder Meeting....................................................................................       53
         Access to Information..................................................................................       53
         Commercially Reasonable Efforts........................................................................       53
         No Solicitation........................................................................................       54
         Fees and Expenses......................................................................................       55
         Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance...................................................       55
         Nasdaq.................................................................................................       56
         Affiliates.............................................................................................       56
         Conditions to the Consummation of the Merger...........................................................       56
         Termination............................................................................................       57
         Termination Fees.......................................................................................       59
         Amendment; Extension and Waiver........................................................................       59
         Related Agreements.....................................................................................       59

Information about PhotoMedex....................................................................................       61
         Business of PhotoMedex.................................................................................       61
         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations..................       72
         Directors and Executive Officers of PhotoMedex.........................................................       82
         Executive Compensation.................................................................................       83
         Description of PhotoMedex Common Stock.................................................................       86
         Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.........................................       87
         Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.........................................................       88

Information about SLT...........................................................................................       89
         Business of SLT........................................................................................       89
         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations..................       94
         Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.........................................      101

Comparison of Rights of Holders of PhotoMedex Common Stock and SLT Common Stock.................................      102

Legal Matters...................................................................................................      103

Experts  .......................................................................................................      103
         About PhotoMedex.......................................................................................      103
         About SLT..............................................................................................      104

Index to Financial Statements..................................................................................      FS-1

                                       ii

                                

                                     ANNEXES

ANNEX A                 Agreement and Plan of Merger

ANNEX B                 Opinion of SLT Financial Advisor

ANNEX C                 Appraisal Rights Under Section 262 of the
                             Delaware General Corporation Law

ANNEX D                 Form of Stockholder Agreement

ANNEX E                 Form of Affiliate Agreement

ANNEX F                 Form of Employment Agreement with Michael R. Stewart

ANNEX G                 Form of Employment Agreement with Davis Woodward

                                      iii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q:       WHY IS SLT PROPOSING THE MERGER?

A: We believe that a merger with PhotoMedex presents a unique opportunity to
enhance stockholder value. The merger will create a company that will be able to
combine our proprietary medical laser technologies and medical service business
with those of PhotoMedex. We believe that the combined company will have
significant growth opportunities, and our common business model should
accelerate the geographical expansion of our contract services business across a
broader range of applications. These growth opportunities, when combined with
significant cost savings, should enhance the combined company's ability to raise
capital and continue growing through additional acquisitions. As stockholders of
the combined company, our stockholders will be able to participate in the growth
and opportunities of the combined company that result from the merger.

To review the reasons for the merger in greater detail, see the section entitled
"The Merger - SLT's Reasons for the Merger," beginning on page 36.

Q:       WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN THE MERGER?

A: In the proposed merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PhotoMedex will merge
into SLT and, as a result, SLT will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
PhotoMedex. The merger agreement, which governs the merger, is attached to this
proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. You are encouraged to read it carefully.

Q:       WHAT WILL I RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A: If the merger is completed, you will receive, in exchange for each of your
SLT shares, 1.12 shares of PhotoMedex common stock. For example, if you owned
1,000 shares of SLT common stock, you would receive 1,120 shares of PhotoMedex
common stock after the merger. The PhotoMedex common stock is listed on The
Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "PHMD." You will be able to trade the
PhotoMedex common stock you receive in the merger. However, your ability to
trade the PhotoMedex common stock you receive in the merger may be restricted
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, if you are
deemed to be an "affiliate" of SLT or PhotoMedex.

         In addition, instead of fractional shares of PhotoMedex common stock,
you will receive cash based on the market price of PhotoMedex common stock.
Because the exchange ratio is fixed at 1.12, but the market price of PhotoMedex
common stock is subject to fluctuation, the market value of the shares of
PhotoMedex common stock that you will receive in the merger may increase or
decrease prior to and following the merger. We urge you to obtain current market
quotations for PhotoMedex common stock and SLT common stock.

Q:       DOES THE SLT BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMEND APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AND
         ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT?

A: Yes. After careful consideration, the SLT board of directors recommends that
its stockholders vote to approve the merger and adopt the merger agreement. For
a more complete description of the recommendation of the SLT board of directors,
see the sections entitled "The Merger - SLT's Reasons for the Merger" beginning
on page 36 and "The Merger - Recommendation of the SLT Board" on page 38.

Q:       WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED TO APPROVE THE MERGER AND ADOPT THE MERGER
         AGREEMENT?

A: The merger cannot be completed without the approval at the SLT special
meeting of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of SLT common
stock.

Q:       WHAT ARE THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER ON SLT
         STOCKHOLDERS?

A: The consummation of the merger is conditioned upon the receipt by SLT of a
legal opinion from Duane Morris LLP, counsel to SLT, to the effect that the
merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization under the Internal Revenue
Code.

Assuming that the merger so qualifies, you will not recognize any gain or loss
for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the exchange of your SLT common stock
for PhotoMedex common stock in the merger, except for any gain or loss
attributable to cash received instead of a fractional share of PhotoMedex common
stock.

         The material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger are
described in more detail in the section entitled "The Merger - Material United
States Federal Income Tax Consequences" beginning on page 49. The tax
consequences of the merger to you will depend upon your particular situation.
You should consult your own tax advisor for a full understanding of the federal,
state, local and foreign income and other tax consequences of the merger.

Q:       SHOULD I SEND IN MY SLT STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A: No. After the merger is completed, you will receive written instructions for
exchanging your SLT stock certificates. Please do not send in your SLT stock
certificates with your proxy.

Q:       WHEN DO YOU EXPECT TO COMPLETE THE MERGER?

A: PhotoMedex and SLT are working to complete the merger as quickly as
practicable, and expect to complete the merger in the fourth quarter of 2002;
however, the exact timing cannot be predicted.

Q:       DO I HAVE APPRAISAL OR DISSENTER'S RIGHTS?

A: Yes. Holders of SLT common stock are entitled to exercise appraisal rights in
connection with the merger, subject to compliance with applicable procedures
under Delaware law, as described in this proxy statement/prospectus. However,
PhotoMedex has the right to terminate the merger agreement, if appraisal rights
are exercised by the holders of more than 100,000 shares of SLT common stock.

Q:       WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A: Carefully read and consider the information contained in this document. There
are several ways your shares can be represented at the SLT special meeting. You
can attend the SLT special meeting in person or you can indicate on the enclosed
proxy card how you want to vote and then sign and mail the proxy card in the
enclosed return envelope as soon as possible. Your vote is important regardless
of the number of shares that you own.

Q:       WHEN AND WHERE IS THE SLT SPECIAL MEETING?

A: The SLT special meeting will be held at ___ a.m., local time, on December __,
2002, at the offices of our counsel, Duane Morris LLP, One Liberty Place, 1650
Market Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103-7396.

Q:       WHICH SLT STOCKHOLDERS ARE ENTITLED TO VOTE?

A: Each SLT stockholder that owned shares of SLT common stock as of the close of
business on November 8, 2002, the record date, is entitled to vote, in person or
by proxy, at the SLT special meeting.

Q:       IF MY BROKER HOLDS MY SHARES IN "STREET NAME," WILL MY BROKER VOTE MY
         SHARES?

A: Your broker will not vote your SLT shares, unless you follow the directions
your broker or bank provides to you regarding how to vote your shares on the
merger proposal. If you fail to provide your broker or bank with instructions,
it will have the same effect as a vote against the merger.

Q:       CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE DELIVERED MY PROXY?

A: Yes. You can change your vote by sending in a written notice of revocation of
your proxy or a later-dated, signed new proxy card to SLT's secretary before the
SLT special meeting or by attending the special meeting in person and voting.

Q:       WHAT IF SLT STOCKHOLDERS DO NOT VOTE?

A: Failure by an SLT stockholder to either vote at the SLT special meeting or
return his, her or its proxy will result in such stockholder's shares not being
counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at the SLT special
meeting or determining whether SLT has received the votes required to approve
the merger and adopt the merger agreement.

         If you are an SLT stockholder and return your proxy signed, but do not
indicate how you want to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote "FOR"
approval of the merger and adoption of the merger agreement. If you are an SLT
stockholder and do not return your proxy or abstain from voting, it will have
the same effect as a vote "AGAINST" approval of the merger and adoption of the
merger agreement.

         The directors and officers of SLT, who collectively beneficially own an
aggregate of approximately 15% of the issued and outstanding shares of SLT
common stock, have agreed to vote in favor of the merger. Their vote alone is
not sufficient to approve the merger.

Q:       WHOM SHOULD I CALL WITH QUESTIONS?

A: If you have any questions about the proposed merger, including how to
complete and return your proxy card, or if you need additional copies of the
proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy, please call or write:

                                 Davis Woodward
                             Vice President, Finance
                        Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.
                               147 Keystone Drive
                    Montgomeryville, Pennsylvania 18936-9638
                            Telephone: (215) 619-3278

Q:       ARE THE PHOTOMEDEX STOCKHOLDERS ALSO REQUIRED TO APPROVE THE MERGER?

A: PhotoMedex has determined that the approval of its stockholders is not
necessary in connection with the merger.

Q:       WILL MY RIGHTS AS AN SLT STOCKHOLDER CHANGE AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER?

A: Yes. You will become a PhotoMedex stockholder as a result of the merger.
Although your rights as a stockholder of PhotoMedex will continue to be governed
by Delaware law, your rights as an SLT stockholder will change in some respects
as a result of the merger. There is a summary comparison of the rights of
stockholders of SLT and PhotoMedex starting on page 102 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Q:       IS EVERYONE TREATED EQUALLY IN THE MERGER?

A: No. A number of directors and officers of SLT may have interests in the
merger agreement and the merger that are different from those of stockholders
who are not also directors and officers. In addition, certain stockholders have
different rights and obligations from other stockholders under the merger
agreement, including certain employee stockholders who may be employed by
PhotoMedex following the merger. These differences are explained in more detail
on page 47 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:       HOW WILL SLT STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS BE TREATED IN THE MERGER?

A: When the merger is completed, no SLT stock options will be assumed or
substituted by PhotoMedex. SLT will give notice to holders of SLT stock options
at least 35 days prior to the anticipated closing date of the merger that they
will have 30 days in which to exercise their existing stock options. At that
point, all outstanding SLT stock options will accelerate and become fully vested
and exercisable. All SLT stock options must be exercised at or prior to the end
of this 30-day period or they will terminate. SLT stock option holders may
exercise their options and, if the merger is completed, receive in respect of
their shares the same per share consideration as other SLT stockholders. If the
holder of an SLT stock option chooses to exercise a stock option and the merger
does not close, the holder will remain an SLT stockholder.

         Each warrant to purchase SLT common stock outstanding immediately
before the completion of the merger will automatically become a fully vested
warrant to purchase shares of PhotoMedex common stock. The number of shares of
PhotoMedex common stock for which a warrant is exercisable and the exercise
price will be adjusted for the exchange ratio in the merger. However, the shares
which may be issued upon the exercise of the warrants in accordance with their
respective terms will not be registered in a registration statement, and will
be restricted securities under the Securities Act, whether or not the holder of
those shares is deemed to be an "affiliate" of SLT.

Q:       WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF THE MERGER IS NOT COMPLETED?

A: If the merger is not completed for any reason, SLT may be subject to a number
of other risks. For example, under the terms of the merger agreement, SLT may be
required under certain limited circumstances to pay PhotoMedex a fee of $250,000
and reimburse PhotoMedex for its expenses up to $250,000. In addition,
significant merger-related costs incurred by SLT, such as legal, accounting and
financial advisor fees, must be paid by SLT, even if the merger is not
completed. Also, the price of SLT common stock may change to the extent that the
current market price reflects a market assumption that the merger will be
completed.

                    SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

         THIS SUMMARY HIGHLIGHTS SELECTED INFORMATION FROM THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. IT DOES NOT CONTAIN ALL OF THE INFORMATION THAT IS
IMPORTANT TO YOU. PHOTOMEDEX AND SLT URGE YOU TO READ CAREFULLY THE ENTIRE PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND THE OTHER DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS TO FULLY UNDERSTAND THE MERGER. IN PARTICULAR, YOU SHOULD
READ THE DOCUMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, INCLUDING THE
MERGER AGREEMENT, WHICH IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX A. FOR A GUIDE AS TO WHERE YOU CAN
OBTAIN MORE INFORMATION ON PHOTOMEDEX AND SLT, SEE THE SECTION ENTITLED "WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION" BEGINNING ON PAGE 15. WE HAVE INCLUDED PAGE
REFERENCES PARENTHETICALLY TO DIRECT YOU TO A MORE COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THE
TOPICS PRESENTED IN THIS SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

THE COMPANIES  (PAGES 61 - 101)

PhotoMedex, Inc.
Five Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 470
Radnor, Pennsylvania 19087

Telephone:  (610) 971-9292

         PhotoMedex is engaged in the development, manufacturing and marketing
of proprietary excimer laser and fiber optic equipment and techniques directed
toward the treatment of inflammatory and cosmetic skin disorders. In connection
with its current business plan, the initial medical applications for its excimer
laser technology are intended to be used in the treatment of psoriasis,
vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma. PhotoMedex is also developing its
technology for the treatment of other skin disorders. As a part of its
commercialization strategy in the United States, PhotoMedex is providing the
XTRAC system to targeted dermatologists at no capital cost to them.

         For additional information about PhotoMedex and its business, see the
sections entitled "Information About PhotoMedex" beginning on page 61 and "Where
You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 15.

Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.
147 Keystone Drive
Montgomeryville, Pennsylvania 18936-9638

Telephone:  (215) 619-3600

         SLT develops, manufactures and sells proprietary laser systems for both
contact and non-contact surgery. SLT also provides turn-key surgical services,
which include the provision of technicians, capital equipment and disposable and
reusable products for specific surgical procedures. SLT charges for these
surgical services on a per-procedure basis. SLT supplements its sales of laser
systems and surgical services with several non-laser product offerings.

         For additional information about SLT and its business, see the sections
entitled "Information About SLT" beginning on page 89 and "Where You Can Find
More Information" beginning on page 15.

THE MERGER (PAGES 34 - 49)

         In the proposed merger, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PhotoMedex
(referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the "merger subsidiary") will
merge into SLT, with SLT as the surviving corporation. As a result, SLT will
become a wholly-owned subsidiary of PhotoMedex. THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS ATTACHED
TO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS ANNEX A. YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ IT
CAREFULLY.

WHAT YOU WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER (PAGES 49 - 51)

         In the merger, each share of SLT common stock will be converted into
the right to receive 1.12 shares of PhotoMedex common stock. In addition, SLT
stockholders will receive cash instead of any fractional shares of PhotoMedex
common stock to which they are otherwise entitled.

         Each common stock warrant to purchase shares of SLT common stock
outstanding immediately before the completion of the merger will automatically
become a fully vested warrant to purchase shares of PhotoMedex common stock. The
number of shares of PhotoMedex common stock into which a warrant is exercisable
and the exercise price will be adjusted for the exchange ratio in the merger.

OWNERSHIP OF PHOTOMEDEX AFTER THE MERGER (PAGE 50)

         PhotoMedex and SLT estimate that the number of shares of PhotoMedex
common stock to be issued to SLT stockholders in the merger will constitute
approximately 8.4% of the outstanding common stock of the combined company after
the merger, without giving effect to the exercise of any SLT stock options or
warrants between the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and the closing of
the merger.

THE SPECIAL MEETING (PAGES 31 - 32)

         The special meeting of SLT stockholders is scheduled to be held at ___
a.m., local time, on December __, 2002 at the offices of our counsel, Duane
Morris LLP, One Liberty Place, 1650 Market Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
19103-7396. The purpose of the special meeting is to vote on a proposal to
approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger. Only stockholders
of record as of the close of business on November 8, 2002 are entitled to vote
at the special meeting.

RECORD DATE FOR VOTING; REQUIRED VOTES FOR THE MERGER PROPOSAL (PAGE 32)

         Each holder of record, as of November 8, 2002, of SLT common stock is
entitled to cast one vote per share. The affirmative vote, in person or by
proxy, of at least a majority of the shares of SLT common stock outstanding as
of the record date, is required to approve the merger and adopt the merger
agreement. As of October 17, 2002, SLT's directors and executive officers
beneficially owned approximately 23.7% of the outstanding shares of SLT common
stock, including approximately 15% of the issued and outstanding shares.

         These directors and officers have entered into stockholder agreements
with PhotoMedex and J Merger Corp., Inc., in which they have agreed to vote in
favor of the approval of the merger and the adoption of the merger agreement.
The form of stockholder agreement is attached as Annex D to this proxy
statement/ prospectus. You should read it in its entirety.

         PhotoMedex stockholders are not required to approve the merger
agreement and will not vote on the merger.

CONDITIONS TO THE CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER (PAGES 56 - 57)

         The completion of the merger depends on the satisfaction or waiver of a
number of conditions set forth in the merger agreement, including the following:

         -        the approval of the merger and the adoption of the merger
                  agreement by the stockholders of SLT;

         -        the absence of any law, temporary restraining order,
                  injunction or other order issued by a court that has the
                  effect of making the merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting
                  the merger;

         -        the approval of the shares of PhotoMedex common stock to be
                  issued to SLT stockholders in the merger for trading on The
                  Nasdaq National Market;

         -        the registration statement relating to the shares of
                  PhotoMedex common stock to be issued in the merger (of which
                  this proxy statement/prospectus is a part) being declared
                  effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
                  absence of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
                  registration statement;

         -        the accuracy of all representations and warranties as of the
                  date of the merger agreement and the closing date, as
                  qualified in the merger agreement;

         -        the performance or compliance in all material respects with
                  all agreements and covenants set forth in the merger
                  agreement;

         -        the receipt of all consents and approvals of third parties as
                  set forth in the merger agreement;

         -        the delivery to PhotoMedex of certain executed stockholder
                  agreements and affiliate agreements, the forms of which are
                  attached as Annex D and Annex E, respectively, to this proxy
                  statement/prospectus, and executed employment agreements with
                  Michael R. Stewart and Davis Woodward, the forms of which are
                  attached as Annex F and Annex G, respectively, to this proxy
                  statement/prospectus, as set forth in the merger agreement;

         -        the receipt by SLT of a legal opinion from Duane Morris LLP
                  that the merger will be treated as a "reorganization" within
                  the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of
                  1986, as amended; and

         -        the receipt by SLT of confirmation of a fairness opinion
                  issued by Investec Inc.

         At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, either
PhotoMedex or SLT may, to the extent legally allowed, waive a condition to its
obligation to complete the merger, although that condition has not been
satisfied.

          PhotoMedex and SLT cannot be certain when, or if, the conditions to
the merger will be satisfied or waived, or that the merger will be completed.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT (PAGES 57 - 58)

         PhotoMedex and SLT may terminate the merger agreement by mutual written
consent. In addition, either PhotoMedex or SLT may terminate the merger
agreement if:

                  -        the merger is not completed by March 31, 2003 (or
                           later date if both PhotoMedex and SLT have agreed to
                           extend the time for closing the merger), but this
                           right to terminate shall not be available to a party
                           if the failure to close the merger transactions by
                           March 31, 2003 (or other date) is due to the failure
                           by such party to fulfill any obligation under the
                           merger agreement; or

                  -        any governmental authority issues a non-appealable
                           final order permanently restraining, enjoining or
                           otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated
                           by the merger agreement, except that this right shall
                           not be available to a party whose failure to obtain
                           any of the consents from governmental authorities
                           called for in the merger agreement is the cause of
                           such governmental action preventing the merger from
                           closing.

         PhotoMedex may terminate the merger agreement if:

                  -        SLT's board of directors fails to make its
                           recommendation to its stockholders that they approve
                           the merger, fails to call a meeting of its
                           stockholders, or fails to deliver to its stockholders
                           the proxy statement/prospectus, all as required under
                           the merger agreement;

                  -        SLT fails to obtain the approval of the merger from
                           its stockholders;

                  -        the holders of more than 100,000 shares of SLT common
                           stock have perfected appraisal rights, which rights
                           have not been lost or withdrawn;

                  -        SLT's board of directors accepts or resolves to
                           accept an acquisition proposal by a third party;

                  -        an acquisition proposal by a third party should
                           occur, and SLT's board of directors shall not, within
                           ten days of such proposal, have rejected such
                           proposal and reconfirmed its recommendation to
                           approve the merger agreement;

                  -        SLT has breached its obligations under the merger
                           agreement not to solicit alternate merger
                           transactions; or

                  -        SLT has breached one or more of its representations
                           or warranties or failed to perform one or more of its
                           covenants provided in the merger agreement, and such
                           breach or failure to cure, as the case may be,
                           remains uncured for more than 30 days after receiving
                           notice from PhotoMedex.

         SLT may terminate the merger agreement if:

                  -        PhotoMedex has breached one or more of its
                           representations or warranties or failed to perform
                           one or more of its covenants provided in the merger
                           agreement, and such breach or failure to cure, as the
                           case may be, remains uncured for more than 30 days
                           after receiving notice from SLT; or

                  -        SLT decides to accept a superior proposal from a
                           third party.

TERMINATION FEES (PAGE 59)

         If either party terminates the merger agreement for certain reasons,
then the other party shall be obligated to pay the first party, within five
days, the sum of $250,000, plus an amount equal to the first party's actual
expenses (but no more than $250,000) incurred in connection with the merger.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER (PAGES 36 - 38)

         For a description of the reasons considered by the SLT board of
directors, please see the section entitled "The Merger - SLT's Reasons for the
Merger" beginning on page 36.

         For a description of the reasons considered by the PhotoMedex board of
directors, please see the section entitled "The Merger - PhotoMedex's Reasons
for the Merger" beginning on page 38.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE SLT BOARD (PAGE 38)

         The SLT board of directors believes that the merger is in your best
interest and recommends that you vote "FOR" approval of the merger and adoption
of the merger agreement.

OPINION OF SLT'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR (PAGES 38 - 44)

         In connection with the merger, the SLT board of directors received a
written opinion from Investec Inc. as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the consideration to be received in the merger by the holders of SLT
common

stock. The full text of Investec's written opinion, dated September 24, 2002, is
attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B. You should be aware, and
in retaining Investec the SLT board of directors considered, that Investec and
its affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide, financial and
investment banking services unrelated to the merger for which it has received,
and expects to receive, compensation, and that Investec and certain of its
principals and employees collectively own or have the right to acquire
approximately 700,000 shares, or approximately 2.5%, of the PhotoMedex common
stock, and, therefore, may have certain conflicts of interest in the proposed
merger. In the ordinary course of its business, Investec and its affiliates may
actively trade the debt and equity securities of both SLT and PhotoMedex for
their own accounts and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at
any time hold a long or short position in such securities. You are encouraged to
read this opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken. INVESTEC'S OPINION IS ADDRESSED TO THE SLT BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY STOCKHOLDER WITH RESPECT TO ANY
MATTERS RELATING TO THE PROPOSED MERGER.

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES (PAGES 44 - 46)

         The exchange of SLT common stock for PhotoMedex common stock, other
than cash paid for fractional shares, is intended to be tax-free to you for
United States federal income tax purposes. Tax matters are very complicated and
the tax consequences of the merger to you will depend on your own personal
circumstances. You should consult your tax advisor for a full understanding of
all of the federal, state, local and foreign income and other tax consequences
of the merger to you.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT (PAGE 46)

         The merger will be accounted for as a purchase of SLT by PhotoMedex
under generally accepted accounting principles. PhotoMedex will allocate the
purchase price based on the fair value of SLT's acquired assets and assumed
liabilities. PhotoMedex will consolidate the operating results of SLT with its
own, beginning as of the date the parties complete the merger.

INTERESTS OF SLT DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN THE MERGER (PAGE 47)

SLT's directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, those of other stockholders that may make
them more likely to approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the
merger. The merger agreement provides that:

         -        the existing rights to indemnification benefiting SLT's
                  directors and officers found in SLT's certificate of
                  incorporation or bylaws, applicable law or other sources will
                  be maintained for a period of six years after the merger. Tail
                  coverage for SLT's directors' and officers' insurance policy
                  will be obtained with coverage limits of $4 million for this
                  six-year period, with an expected premium of $171,000.

         -        Messrs. Michael R. Stewart, the President and Chief Executive
                  Officer and a director of SLT, and Davis Woodward, SLT's Vice
                  President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, will enter
                  into employment agreements with PhotoMedex in connection with
                  closing of the merger. These agreements will include severance
                  arrangements and stock option grants; and

         -        Richard J. DePiano, who is currently the chairman of the board
                  of directors of SLT and a member of the board of directors of
                  PhotoMedex, and a stockholder of each company, will continue
                  to serve as a director of PhotoMedex following the merger.

         The members of SLT's board of directors were aware of, and considered
the interests of, themselves and SLT's executive officers in approving the
merger and adopting the merger agreement.

DISSENTER'S OR APPRAISAL RIGHTS (PAGES 47 - 49)

         Under the law of Delaware, where SLT is incorporated, holders of SLT
common stock who comply with the applicable requirements of Delaware law will
have the right to receive an appraisal of the value of their shares in
connection with the merger and to be paid such value in cash. We have included a
copy of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law - Appraisal Rights
as Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus.

QUOTATION ON THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET (PAGE 49)

         The common stock of PhotoMedex is currently traded on The Nasdaq
National Market under the symbol "PHMD." It is a condition to the merger that
the shares of PhotoMedex common stock to be issued in the merger in connection
with the merger be approved for trading on The Nasdaq National Market, subject
to official notice of issuance.

RISKS OF THE MERGER (PAGES 18 - 31)

         In considering whether to adopt the merger agreement and approve the
merger, you should consider certain risks of the merger. We urge you to read
carefully all of the factors described in "Risk Factors" beginning on page 18
before voting.

PHOTOMEDEX SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

         You should read the following selected historical consolidated
financial data in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of
PhotoMedex, Inc. and subsidiaries included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus and PhotoMedex's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations," beginning on page 72. The
selected historical consolidated statement of operations data for the five-year
period ended December 31, 2001 and the selected historical consolidated balance
sheet data as of December 31, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001 have been derived
from the consolidated financial statements of PhotoMedex. The consolidated
financial statements of PhotoMedex as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 and for each
of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2001 are included
elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected historical
consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2001
and 2000 and the selected historical consolidated balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2001 and 2000 were audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent
public accountants. The selected historical consolidated statement of operations
data for the year ended December 31, 1999, were audited by Hein + Associates
LLP, independent public accountants. The selected historical consolidated
statement of operations data for the six months ended June 30, 2002 and 2001 and
the selected historical consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 2002 and
2001 have been derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements of PhotoMedex. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements of PhotoMedex as of June 30, 2002 and for the six months ended June
30, 2002 and 2001 are included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. The
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and include all
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which PhotoMedex
considers necessary for a fair presentation of the information set forth
therein. Operating results for the six months ended June 30, 2002 are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year
ending December 31, 2002.

         You should read the section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled
"Experts" for additional information regarding Arthur Andersen LLP.

                                                                (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
                                                                -------------------------------------
                                                                                                                 SIX MONTHS ENDED
                                                             YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                 JUNE 30,
                                                             -----------------------                                 --------
                                           1997         1998          1999          2000          2001          2001          2002
                                           ----         ----          ----          ----          ----          ----          ----

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:

Revenues ............................    $   855      $   769      $     99      $    969      $  4,730      $  3,311      $  1,795
Costs and expenses
    Costs of revenues, excluding
     depreciation ...................         19          291             4           429         1,338           892           426
    Selling, general and
    administrative ..................        634        3,057         4,342        10,365        13,266         7,549         4,416
    Research and development ........        400        1,079         2,061         3,015         2,017         1,364           533
    Depreciation and amortization ...        650        1,041         1,017           835         2,179           932           851
    Asset impairment charge .........         --           --            --            --         1,958            --            --
                                         -------      -------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
    Loss from continuing operations
     before interest and other
     income, net and income taxes ...       (848)      (4,699)       (7,325)      (13,675)      (16,028)       (7,426)       (4,431)
Interest income .....................         --           --            --           580           239           205            14
Interest expense ....................       (199)        (337)       (1,849)          (13)          (25)           (8)          (11)
Other income (expense), net .........         --           11           111           362            77            30            (4)
                                         -------      -------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
    Loss from continuing operations
     before income taxes ............     (1,047)      (5,024)       (9,063)      (12,746)      (15,738)       (7,199)       (4,432)
Income taxes ........................          2            3             5            --            --            --            --
                                         -------      -------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
    Loss from continuing operations .     (1,049)      (5,027)       (9,068)      (12,746)      (15,738)       (7,199)       (4,432)
Discontinued operations
    Loss from discontinued operations     (1,258)        (881)         (852)         (369)           --            --            --
    Loss on sale of discontinued
     operations .....................         --           --            --          (277)           --            --            --
                                         -------      -------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
    Loss from discontinued operations     (1,258)        (881)         (852)         (646)           --            --            --
                                         -------      -------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
Net loss ............................    $(2,307)     $(5,909)     $ (9,920)     $(13,392)     $(15,738)     $ (7,199)     $ (4,432)
                                         =======      =======      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========

Basic and diluted net loss per share
    Continuing operations ...........    $ (0.16)     $ (0.54)     $  (0.81)     $  (0.81)     $  (0.80)     $  (0.39)     $  (0.18)
    Discontinued operations .........      (0.19)       (0.10)        (0.08)        (0.04)           --            --            --
                                         -------      -------      --------      --------      --------      --------      --------
    Basic and diluted net loss per
     share ..........................    $ (0.35)     $ (0.64)     $  (0.89)     $  (0.85)     $  (0.80)     $  (0.39)     $  (0.18)
                                         =======      =======      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========
Shares used in computing basic and
    diluted net loss per share (1) ..      6,531        9,288        11,208        15,755        19,771        18,520        24,598
                                         =======      =======      ========      ========      ========      ========      ========

BALANCE SHEET DATA (AT PERIOD END):
Cash and short-term investments .....    $ 1,226      $   174      $  4,536      $  9,561      $  4,067      $  5,181      $  6,442
Working capital (deficit) ...........         15       (2,865)        1,529         9,273         5,546         6,076         7,753
Total assets ........................      7,808        5,677         9,706        19,871        15,585        20,555        16,816
Long-term debt (net of current
 portion) ...........................        283           70            44            20            --            10            --
Stockholders' equity ................      4,929        1,841         5,274        17,768        12,710        16,224        14,070

- ----------
(1)      Common stock equivalents and convertible issues are antidilutive and,
         therefore, are not included in the weighted shares outstanding during
         the years in which PhotoMedex incurred net losses.

SLT SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

         You should read the following selected historical consolidated
financial data in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of
Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries included elsewhere in this
proxy statement/prospectus and SLT's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations," beginning on page 94. The
selected historical consolidated statement of operations data for the five-year
period ended December 30, 2001 and the selected historical consolidated balance
sheet data as of December 28, 1997, January 3, 1999, January 2, 2000, December
31, 2000 and December 30, 2001 have been derived from the consolidated financial
statements of SLT. The consolidated financial statements of SLT as of December
30, 2001 and December 31, 2000 and for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 30, 2001 are included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus. The selected historical consolidated statement of
operations data for the years ended December 30, 2001 and December 31, 2000 and
the selected historical consolidated balance sheet data as of December 30, 2001
and December 31, 2000 were audited by Grant Thornton LLP, independent certified
public accountants. The selected historical consolidated statement of operations
data for the year ended January 2, 2000 were audited by Arthur Andersen LLP,
independent public accountants. The selected historical consolidated statement
of operations data for the six months ended June 30, 2002 and July 1, 2001 and
the selected

historical consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 2002 and July 1, 2001
have been derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
of SLT. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of SLT as of
June 30, 2002 and for the six months ended June 30, 2002 and July 1, 2001 are
included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the
audited consolidated financial statements and include all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which SLT considers necessary
for a fair presentation of the information set forth therein. Operating results
for the six months ended June 30, 2002 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for the entire year ending December 29, 2002.

         You should read the section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled
"Experts" for additional information regarding Arthur Andersen LLP.

                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)
                                                                     ---------------------------------
                                                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                         SIX MONTHS ENDED:
                                         ---------------------------------------------------------------      -----------------
                                         DEC. 28,       JAN. 3,        JAN. 2,      DEC. 31,    DEC. 30,     JULY 1,      JUNE 30,
                                           1997          1999           2000          2000        2001        2001          2002
                                           ----          ----           ----          ----        ----        ----          ----

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Net sales ...........................   $ 11,665       $  9,393       $ 7,951       $ 8,929    $ 10,012     $  4,956     $  5,585
Gross profit ........................      6,893          4,927         4,565         4,977       4,742        2,514        2,422
    Percentage of sales .............       59.1%          52.5%         57.4%         55.7%       47.4%        50.7%        43.4%
Selling, general and administrative
    expenses ........................      6,613          5,944         4,427         4,159       4,714        2,383        2,295
Product development expenses ........        910          1,179           741           651         562          303          242
Non-recurring charges (income) ......       (177)(1)        485(2)      1,440(3)         --          --           --           --
Operating income (loss) .............       (453)        (2,681)       (2,043)          167        (534)        (172)        (115)
Net income (loss) ...................       (381)        (2,552)       (1,883)          241        (586)        (179)        (122)
Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
    share(4) ........................   $  (0.19)      ($  1.29)      $ (0.95)      $  0.11    $  (0.25)    $  (0.08)    $  (0.05)
Shares used in calculation of basic
    earnings (loss) per share .......      1,977          1,978         1,978         2,182       2,328        2,328        2,328
Shares used in calculation of diluted
    earnings (loss) per share .......      1,977          1,978         1,978         2,219       2,328        2,328        2,328

BALANCE SHEET DATA (AT PERIOD END):
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term
   investments ......................   $  6,549       $  6,023       $ 3,749       $ 2,400    $  2,016     $  2,172     $  2,027
Working capital .....................      9,408          6,348         5,521         5,687       5,825        5,908        5,456
Total assets ........................     19,996         16,648         8,020        10,933      11,465       11,295       11,721
Long-term debt (net of current
   portion) .........................      4,509          3,965            16         2,300       2,937        2,653        2,668
Convertible subordinated notes ......      1,633          1,624            --            --          --           --           --
Stockholders' equity ................   $ 11,357       $  8,594       $ 6,722       $ 7,683    $  7,093     $  7,494     $  6,964

- ----------

(1)      Net effect of a benefit of $1,000,000 from the settlement of
         litigation, offset in part by non-recurring facility-related costs.

(2)      Costs related to the sale of the former headquarters in Oaks,
         Pennsylvania.

(3)      See Note 10 of Notes to SLT's consolidated financial statements found
         elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.

(4)      The inclusion of common share equivalents had an anti-dilutive or an
         immaterial effect when calculating diluted loss per share, and, as a
         result, diluted loss per share was equivalent to basic loss per share
         for each period presented.

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following table presents selected pro forma condensed consolidated
financial data of PhotoMedex and SLT as of June 30, 2002 and for the year ended
December 31, 2001 and for the six months ended June 30, 2002, giving effect to
the merger as if it had occurred on January 1, 2001 for the statement of
operations data and as of June 30, 2002 for the balance sheet data. This pro
forma condensed consolidated financial data has been prepared to give effect to
the merger using the purchase method of accounting as defined by Statement of
Financial Accounting Standard No. 141 "Business Combinations,"

with PhotoMedex as the acquiror and surviving corporation in the merger, and
whereby PhotoMedex has preliminarily allocated the total cost of the acquisition
to SLT's net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based upon their estimated respective fair values.

         You should read the selected unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated
financial data in conjunction with the unaudited pro forma condensed
consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
in this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected pro forma condensed
consolidated financial data are presented for illustrative purposes only and do
not purport to be indicative of the financial position or operating results that
would have actually been reported had the merger occurred as of the dates
indicated, nor are they necessarily indicative of future financial position or
operating results of the merged companies. The pro forma adjustments included in
the pro forma financial statements represent a preliminary determination of
these adjustments based upon the information available as of the date of this
proxy statement/prospectus. Based on the timing of the closing of the
transaction and other factors, PhotoMedex cannot assure you that the actual
adjustments will not differ materially from the pro forma adjustments reflected
in the pro forma financial statements. It is expected that, following the
merger, the combined company will incur expenses associated with the merger and
integrating the operations of the two companies. These merger and integration
costs are not reflected in these unaudited pro forma consolidated financial
statements.

                                                       (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)
                                                             YEAR ENDED               SIX MONTHS
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:                            DECEMBER 31, 2001       ENDED JUNE 30, 2002
                                                         -----------------       -------------------

      Revenues                                              $     14,742             $      7,380
      Costs and expenses                                          30,574                   11,590
                                                            ------------             ------------
         Loss from operations                                    (15,832)                  (4,210)
      Interest income (expense), net                                 161                       (4)
      Other income (expense), net                                     77                       (4)
                                                            ------------             ------------
      Net loss                                              $    (15,594)            $     (4,218)
                                                            ============             ============
      Net loss per common share -
        Basic and diluted                                   $      (0.70)            $      (0.16)
                                                            ============             ============
      Shares used in computing basic and diluted
        net loss per common share                             22,378,070               27,205,070
                                                            ============             ============

BALANCE SHEET DATA:                                                                  JUNE 30, 2002
- -------------------                                                                  -------------

      Current assets                                                                      $18,022
      Working capital                                                                      12,749
      Total assets                                                                         25,440
      Long-term debt (net of current portion)                                               2,668
      Stockholders' equity                                                                 17,412

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

         The following tables present: (a) the basic and diluted net loss per
common share and book value per share data for each of PhotoMedex and SLT on a
historical basis, and (b) the historical basic and diluted net loss per common
share and book value per share for the combined company on a pro forma basis and
on an equivalent pro forma consolidated basis. The unaudited pro forma
consolidated financial data are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results that would have been achieved had the transaction been in effect as of
the beginning of the periods and should not be construed as representative of
future operations. Neither PhotoMedex nor SLT declared any cash dividends for
the periods presented below.

         The historical book value per share has been calculated by dividing
stockholders' equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the
end of the period.

         The pro forma book value per share has been calculated by dividing pro
forma stockholders' equity by the pro forma number of shares of PhotoMedex
common stock which would have been outstanding had the merger been consummated
as of the balance sheet date. Pro forma consolidated net loss, pro forma
stockholders' equity and the pro forma number of shares of

PhotoMedex common stock outstanding have been derived from the unaudited pro
forma condensed consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this
proxy statement/prospectus.

         The equivalent pro forma consolidated amounts have been calculated by
multiplying the pro forma consolidated per share amounts by the exchange ratio
of 1.12 of a share of PhotoMedex common stock for each share of SLT common
stock.

                                                                                        PHOTOMEDEX           PRO FORMA PER
                                              HISTORICAL                               UNAUDITED PRO          CONSOLIDATED
                                              PHOTOMEDEX         HISTORICAL SLT     FORMA CONSOLIDATED      SHARE EQUIVALENT
                                              ----------         --------------     ------------------      ----------------

Loss per common share:

  Basic:

    Six months ended June 30, 2002              $(0.18)              $(0.05)              $(0.16)              $(0.18)
    Year ended December 31, 2001                $(0.80)              $(0.25)              $(0.70)              $(0.78)

  Diluted:

    Six months ended June 30, 2002              $(0.18)              $(0.05)              $(0.16)              $(0.18)
    Year ended December 31, 2001                $(0.80)              $(0.25)              $(0.70)              $(0.78)

Book value per common share:

  June 30, 2002 (1)                              $0.50                $2.99                $0.56                 $0.63

- ----------

(1)      Computed by dividing shareholders' equity by the respective number of
         common shares outstanding as of June 30, 2002.

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

         PhotoMedex common stock trades on The Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "PHMD." SLT common stock trades on The Nasdaq Small-Cap Market under the
symbol "SLTI."

         The table below shows, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high
and low closing sale prices of:

                  -        PhotoMedex common stock, as reported on The Nasdaq
                           National Market, for periods on and after October 6,
                           2000, on The Nasdaq Small Cap Market for the period
                           from May 10, 2000 through October 5, 2000, and on the
                           National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
                           electronic bulletin board for periods prior to May
                           10, 2000; and

                  -        SLT common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Small-Cap
                           Market,

in each case based on published financial sources.

         HISTORICAL SLT COMMON STOCK INFORMATION

                                                                          HIGH                         LOW
                                                                          ----                         ---

Fiscal Year Ending December 29, 2002:
         Second Quarter                                                  $1.59                        $1.22
         First Quarter                                                    1.80                         1.22

Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2001:
         Fourth Quarter                                                   1.50                         1.10
         Third Quarter                                                    1.59                         1.01
         Second Quarter                                                   1.38                         1.04
         First Quarter                                                    1.63                         1.06

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000:
         Fourth Quarter                                                   1.97                         1.06
         Third Quarter                                                    2.75                         1.63
         Second Quarter                                                   3.00                         1.81
         First Quarter                                                    5.00                         1.63

         HISTORICAL PHOTOMEDEX COMMON STOCK INFORMATION

                                                                          HIGH                         LOW
                                                                          ----                         ---

Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2002:
         Second Quarter                                                  $1.97                        $1.49
         First Quarter                                                    2.37                         1.50

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001
         Fourth Quarter                                                   1.85                         0.65
         Third Quarter                                                    5.30                         0.87
         Second Quarter                                                   6.56                         3.59
         First Quarter                                                    7.81                         3.75

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2000
         Fourth Quarter                                                  14.31                         4.13
         Third Quarter                                                   16.50                        11.00
         Second Quarter                                                  16.00                         7.56
         First Quarter                                                   18.44                        11.88

         The following table presents trading information for the PhotoMedex
common stock and SLT common stock on September 25, 2002 and ___________, 2002.
September 25, 2002 was the last full trading day before PhotoMedex and SLT
announced the signing of the merger agreement. ____________, 2002 was the last
practicable trading day for which information was available before the date of
this proxy statement/prospectus. We cannot assure you what the market price of
the PhotoMedex common stock will be at the merger date. You should obtain
current market quotations.

         COMPARATIVE CURRENT MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

                                                      PHOTOMEDEX             SLT
                                                     COMMON STOCK        COMMON STOCK
                                                     ------------        ------------

Closing price on September 25, 2002...........          $1.39               $1.01
Closing price on _______, 2002................
                                                        -----               -----

         Neither PhotoMedex nor SLT has ever declared or paid cash dividends on
its capital stock. PhotoMedex does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its
common stock in the foreseeable future.

                       WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

         PhotoMedex and SLT file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any
reports, statements or information that PhotoMedex and SLT file with the SEC at
the SEC's public reference rooms in Washington, D.C., New York, New York and
Chicago, Illinois. The public reference room in Washington, D.C. is located at
450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. The SEC
filings of PhotoMedex and SLT are also available to the public from commercial
document retrieval services and at the Internet web site maintained by the SEC
at "http://www.sec.gov."

         PhotoMedex filed the PhotoMedex registration statement on Form S-4 to
register with the SEC the shares of PhotoMedex common stock to be issued to SLT
stockholders in the merger. This proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that
registration statement and constitutes a prospectus of PhotoMedex, as well as a
proxy statement of SLT for the SLT special meeting of stockholders.

         As allowed by SEC rules, this proxy statement/prospectus does not
contain all the information you can find in the PhotoMedex registration
statement or the exhibits to the registration statement.

         PhotoMedex has supplied all information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus relating to PhotoMedex. SLT has supplied all information
contained in this proxy statement/prospectus relating to SLT.

         If you are an SLT stockholder, you may obtain, without charge, a copy
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the
most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PhotoMedex, including the financial
statements required to be filed in such reports with the SEC pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You may also obtain copies of the
exhibits to such reports, but PhotoMedex will charge a reasonable fee to
stockholders requesting such exhibits. You should direct your request in writing
to PhotoMedex at the following address:

                                PhotoMedex, Inc.
                     Five Radnor Corporate Center, Suite 470
                           Radnor, Pennsylvania 19087
                  Attn: Dennis McGrath, Chief Financial Officer

         If you are an SLT stockholder, you may obtain, without charge, a copy
of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2001 and the
most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of SLT, including the financial
statements required to be filed in such reports with the SEC pursuant to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You may also obtain copies of the
exhibits to such reports, but SLT will charge a reasonable fee to stockholders
requesting such exhibits. You should direct your request in writing to SLT at
the following address:

                        Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.
                               147 Keystone Drive
                    Montgomeryville, Pennsylvania 18936-9638
                  Attn: Davis Woodward, Vice President, Finance

         If you would like to request documents from PhotoMedex or SLT, as the
case may be, please do so by ________, 2002 to receive them before the special
meeting of stockholders of SLT. If you request any documents from PhotoMedex or
SLT, as the case may be, then PhotoMedex or SLT, as the case may be, will mail
them to you by first-class mail, or other equally prompt means, within a
commercially reasonable time after receipt of your request.

         You should rely only on the information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus to vote on the merger. Neither company has authorized
anyone to provide you with information that is different from what is contained
in this proxy statement/prospectus. This proxy statement/prospectus is dated
__________, 2002 and is being first mailed to stockholders on _____________,
2002. You should not assume that the information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that date, and
neither the mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus to the stockholders nor
the issuance of PhotoMedex shares in the merger shall create any implication to
the contrary.

            CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         Any statements in this document about expectations, beliefs, plans,
objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts
and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not always,
made through the use of words or phrases such as "may," "should," "could,"
"predict," "potential," "believe," "will likely result," "expect," "will
continue," "anticipate," "seek," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "projection,"
"would" and "outlook," and similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements
involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties, which could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking
statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed
throughout this document. The following cautionary statements identify important
factors that could cause PhotoMedex's, SLT's or the combined company's actual
results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements made in this document. Among the key factors that have a direct
bearing on PhotoMedex's, SLT's or the combined company's results of operations
are:

         -        general economic and business conditions; the existence or
                  absence of adverse publicity; changes in marketing and
                  technology; changes in political, social and economic
                  conditions;

         -        competition in and general risks of the medical products and
                  services industries;

         -        success of acquisitions and operating initiatives; changes in
                  business strategy or development plans; management of growth;

         -        dependence on senior management; business abilities and
                  judgment of personnel; availability of qualified personnel;
                  labor and employee benefit costs;

         -        ability to integrate effectively the two companies'
                  technologies, operations and personnel in a timely and
                  efficient manner;

         -        ability of PhotoMedex to retain and hire key executives,
                  technical personnel and other employees;

         -        ability of PhotoMedex to manage its growth and the difficulty
                  of successfully managing a larger, more geographically
                  dispersed organization;

         -        ability of PhotoMedex to manage successfully its changing
                  relationships with customers, suppliers, value-added resellers
                  and strategic partners;

         -        the impact of government regulation;

         -        volatility in the stock price of PhotoMedex;

         -        the need and ability of PhotoMedex to obtain sufficient
                  financing to meet potential capital requirements;

         -        market acceptance of each of the companies' products and
                  services and the ability of PhotoMedex's and SLT's customers
                  to accept new product and services offerings; and

         -        the timing of, and regulatory and other conditions associated
                  with, the completion of the merger and the ability of
                  PhotoMedex to combine operations and obtain operating
                  synergies following the merger.

         These factors and the risk factors referred to below could cause actual
results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any
forward-looking statements made by PhotoMedex or SLT, and you should not place
undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any
forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and
neither PhotoMedex nor SLT undertakes any obligation to update any
forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not
possible for PhotoMedex or SLT to predict which will arise. In addition, neither
PhotoMedex nor SLT can assess the impact of each factor on PhotoMedex's, SLT's
or the combined company's business or the extent to which any factor, or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statements.

                                  RISK FACTORS

      YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING FACTORS, IN ADDITION TO THE
OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND THE
DOCUMENTS THAT PHOTOMEDEX HAS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION,
IN CONSIDERING WHAT ACTION TO TAKE IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER. UNLESS THE
CONTEXT REQUIRES OTHERWISE, THE USE OF THE COMBINED COMPANY OR PHOTOMEDEX REFERS
TO THE COMBINED COMPANY OF PHOTOMEDEX AND SLT AFTER GIVING EFFECT TO THE MERGER.

RISKS RELATING TO THE PROPOSED MERGER

      PHOTOMEDEX AND SLT MAY NOT ACHIEVE THE BENEFITS THEY EXPECT FROM THE
      MERGER, WHICH MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE COMBINED COMPANY'S
      BUSINESS, FINANCIAL, AND OPERATING RESULTS.

      PhotoMedex and SLT entered into the merger agreement with the expectation
that the merger will result in benefits to the combined company arising out of
the combination of the medical laser technology businesses of PhotoMedex and
SLT. These benefits may include operational efficiencies resulting from
synergies between the companies and greater sales levels due to increases in
product and services offerings and consolidation of sales and marketing
expertise, among others. To realize any benefits from the merger, the combined
company will face the following post-merger challenges:

      -     retaining and assimilating the management and employees of each
            company;

      -     developing new products and services that utilize the assets and
            resources of both companies;

      -     retaining existing customers, strategic partners and suppliers of
            each company;

      -     realizing expected cost savings and synergies from the merger; and

      -     developing and maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures,
            policies and information systems.

      If the combined company is not successful in addressing these and other
challenges, then the benefits of the merger will not be realized and, as a
result, the combined company's operating results and the market price of
PhotoMedex's common stock may be adversely affected. These challenges, if not
successfully met by the combined company, could result in possible unanticipated
liabilities, unanticipated costs, diversion of management attention and loss of
personnel. Neither PhotoMedex nor SLT can assure you that the combined company
will successfully integrate SLT's business or profitably manage the combined
company. Further, neither PhotoMedex nor SLT can assure you that the growth rate
of the combined company after the merger will equal the historical growth rates
experienced by PhotoMedex or SLT.

      YOU WILL RECEIVE 1.12 SHARES OF PHOTOMEDEX COMMON STOCK FOR EACH SHARE OF
      SLT COMMON STOCK REGARDLESS OF CHANGES IN THE MARKET VALUE OF SLT COMMON
      STOCK OR PHOTOMEDEX COMMON STOCK.

      Each share of SLT common stock will be exchanged for 1.12 shares of
PhotoMedex common stock upon completion of the merger. This exchange ratio is a
fixed number and the merger agreement does not contain any provision to adjust
this ratio for changes in the market price of either SLT common stock or
PhotoMedex common stock. Neither party is permitted to terminate the merger
agreement solely because of changes in the market price of PhotoMedex or SLT
common stock. Consequently, the specific dollar value of PhotoMedex common stock
to be received by SLT stockholders will depend on the market value of PhotoMedex
common stock at the time of completion of the merger and may decrease from the
date that you submit your proxy. However, it is a condition to SLT's obligation
to complete the merger that it receive a confirmation of the fairness opinion of
Investec Inc., as of a date within five business days before the closing of the
merger. You are urged to obtain recent market quotations for PhotoMedex common
stock and SLT common stock. Neither PhotoMedex nor SLT can predict or give any
assurances as to the market price of PhotoMedex common stock at any time before
or after the merger. The prices of PhotoMedex common stock and SLT common stock
may vary because of factors such as:

      -     changes in the business, operating results or prospects of
            PhotoMedex or SLT;

      -     actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations
            of PhotoMedex or SLT;

      -     market assessments of the likelihood that the merger will be
            completed;

      -     the timing of the completion of the merger;

      -     sales of PhotoMedex common stock or SLT common stock;

      -     additions or departures of key personnel of PhotoMedex or SLT;

      -     announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
            joint ventures or capital commitments by PhotoMedex;

      -     conditions or trends in the medical technology industry;

      -     announcements of technological innovations, new products or services
            by PhotoMedex, SLT or their competitors;

      -     changes in market valuations of other medical technology companies;

      -     the prospects of post-merger operations;

      -     regulatory considerations; and

      -     general market and economic conditions.

      If the merger is successfully completed, holders of SLT common stock will
become holders of PhotoMedex common stock. PhotoMedex's business differs from
SLT's business, and PhotoMedex's results of operations, as well as the price of
PhotoMedex common stock, may be affected by factors different than those
affecting SLT's results of operations and the price of SLT common stock. See
"Risks Relating to the Business and Operations of PhotoMedex Following the
Merger" starting on page 22.

      IF THE COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH THE MERGER EXCEED THE BENEFITS, THE COMBINED
      COMPANY MAY EXPERIENCE ADVERSE FINANCIAL RESULTS, INCLUDING INCREASED
      LOSSES.

      PhotoMedex and SLT will incur significant transaction costs as a result of
the merger, including legal and accounting fees that may exceed their current
estimates. In addition, PhotoMedex and SLT expect that the combined company will
incur consolidation and integration expenses, which they cannot accurately
estimate at this time. Actual transaction costs may substantially exceed the
current estimates of PhotoMedex and SLT and may affect the combined company's
financial condition and operating results negatively. If the benefits of the
merger do not exceed the costs associated with the merger, including any
dilution to PhotoMedex's stockholders resulting from the issuance of shares in
connection with the merger, the combined company's financial results could be
adversely affected, including increased losses.

      THE MARKET PRICE OF PHOTOMEDEX'S COMMON STOCK MAY DECLINE AS A RESULT OF
THE MERGER.

      The market price of PhotoMedex's common stock may decline as a result of
the merger for a number of reasons, including if:

      -     the integration of PhotoMedex and SLT is not completed in a timely
            and efficient manner;

      -     the combined company does not achieve the perceived benefits of the
            merger as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or
            industry analysts;

      -     the effect of the merger on the combined company's financial results
            is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry
            analysts; or

      -     significant stockholders of PhotoMedex or SLT decide to dispose of
            their stock following completion of the merger.

      SALES OF SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNTS OF PHOTOMEDEX COMMON STOCK IN THE PUBLIC
      MARKET AFTER THE PROPOSED MERGER COULD MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE
      MARKET PRICE OF PHOTOMEDEX COMMON STOCK.

      Based on the number of shares of SLT common stock outstanding as of
October 17, 2002 and assuming no outstanding options or warrants to purchase SLT
common stock are exercised before the merger becomes effective, at the closing
of the merger, PhotoMedex will issue approximately 2,607,000 shares of
PhotoMedex common stock to SLT stockholders in the merger. Up to an additional
300,000 shares will be issuable upon exercise of options PhotoMedex has agreed
to grant to Messrs. Stewart and Woodward in connection with the merger. The sale
of substantial amounts of PhotoMedex common stock may result in substantial
fluctuations in the price of PhotoMedex common stock. In addition, sales of a
substantial number of shares of PhotoMedex common stock within a short period of
time could cause PhotoMedex's stock price to fall. The sale of these shares
could also impair the combined company's ability to raise capital through sales
of additional common stock.

      FAILURE TO COMPLETE THE MERGER COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT THE MARKET PRICE OF
SLT COMMON STOCK AND PHOTOMEDEX COMMON STOCK.

      The obligations of SLT and PhotoMedex to complete the merger are subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions. See "The Merger Agreement -
Conditions to the Consummation of the Merger" on pages 56 to 57 of this proxy
statement/prospectus for a discussion of these conditions. If these conditions
are not satisfied or waived, the merger may not be completed. If the merger is
not completed for any reason, both SLT and PhotoMedex may be subject to other
material risks, including:

      -     a negative effect on the stock trading price of SLT common stock and
            PhotoMedex common stock to the extent that the current market price
            reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed;

      -     either party may be required to pay a termination fee; and

      -     costs related to the merger, such as legal and accounting fees, must
            be paid even if the merger is not completed.

      SLT'S OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS HAVE INTERESTS DIFFERENT FROM YOURS THAT MAY
INFLUENCE THEM TO SUPPORT OR APPROVE THE MERGER.

      The terms of the merger agreement and the agreements contemplated thereby
affect the directors and officers of SLT in ways that may create interests for
them in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, yours. These
interests include:

      -     the existing rights to indemnification benefiting SLT's directors
            and officers found in SLT's certificate of incorporation or bylaws,
            applicable law or other sources will be maintained for a period of
            six years after the merger. Tail coverage for SLT's directors' and
            officers' insurance policy will be obtained with coverage limits of
            $4 million for this six-year period, with an expected premium of
            $171,000.

      -     Messrs. Michael R. Stewart, the President and Chief Executive
            Officer and a director of SLT, and Davis Woodward, SLT's Vice
            President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, will enter into
            employment agreements with PhotoMedex in connection with closing of
            the merger. These agreements will include severance arrangements and
            stock option grants; and

      -     Richard J. DePiano, who is currently the chairman of the board of
            directors of SLT and a member of the board of directors of
            PhotoMedex, and a stockholder of each company, will continue to
            serve as a director of PhotoMedex following the merger.

      For the above reasons, the directors and officers of SLT may have been
more likely to support and recommend the approval of the merger agreement than
if they did not hold these interests. As of October 17, 2002, SLT's directors
and executive officers beneficially owned approximately 15% of the issued and
outstanding shares of SLT common stock. These directors and officers have
entered into agreements to vote their shares in favor of the approval of the
merger and the adoption of the merger agreement. SLT stockholders should
consider whether these interests might have influenced these directors and
officers to support or recommend the merger. You should read more about these
interests under "The Merger - Interests of SLT Directors and Officers in the
Merger" on page 47.

      UNCERTAINTY REGARDING THE MERGER AND THE EFFECTS OF THE MERGER COULD CAUSE
      EACH COMPANY'S CUSTOMERS OR STRATEGIC PARTNERS TO DELAY OR DEFER
      DECISIONS.

      PhotoMedex's and/or SLT's customers and strategic partners, in response to
the announcement of the merger, may delay or defer decisions, which could have a
material adverse effect on the business of the relevant company, regardless of
whether the merger is ultimately completed.

      SLT COULD LOSE AN OPPORTUNITY TO ENTER INTO A MERGER OR BUSINESS
      COMBINATION WITH ANOTHER PARTY ON MORE FAVORABLE TERMS AS THE MERGER
      AGREEMENT RESTRICTS SLT FROM SOLICITING SUCH PROPOSALS.

      While the merger agreement is in effect, SLT is restricted from
soliciting, initiating or encouraging any inquiries or proposals that may lead
to a proposal or offer for a merger with any persons other than PhotoMedex. As a
result of the restriction, SLT may lose an opportunity to enter into a
transaction with another potential partner on more favorable terms. If SLT
terminates the merger agreement to enter into another transaction, SLT will be
required to pay a termination fee to PhotoMedex that may make an otherwise more
favorable transaction less favorable. In addition, if the merger agreement is
terminated and the SLT board of directors determines that it is in the best
interests of the SLT stockholders to seek a merger or business combination with
another strategic partner, SLT cannot assure you that it will be able to find a
partner offering terms equivalent or more attractive than the price and terms
offered by PhotoMedex.

      PHOTOMEDEX COULD LOSE AN OPPORTUNITY TO ENTER INTO A MERGER OR BUSINESS
      COMBINATION WITH ANOTHER PARTY ON MORE FAVORABLE TERMS AS THE MERGER
      AGREEMENT RESTRICTS PHOTOMEDEX FROM SOLICITING SUCH PROPOSALS.

      While the merger agreement is in effect, but until December 31, 2002,
PhotoMedex is restricted from entering into a merger or other business
combination with any persons other than SLT, which could have the effect of
materially delaying the filing of or require the filing by PhotoMedex of an
amendment or supplement in any material respect to the registration statement of
which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, or a recirculation by SLT of
this proxy statement/prospectus. As a result of the restriction, PhotoMedex may
lose an opportunity to enter into a transaction with another potential partner
on more favorable terms. If PhotoMedex enters into such a transaction, the
closing of the merger could be delayed, which could have a material adverse
effect on the stockholders of both PhotoMedex and SLT.

      PENDING THE CLOSING OF THE MERGER, EACH OF PHOTOMEDEX AND SLT HAS AGREED
      TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON THE OPERATIONS OF ITS RESPECTIVE BUSINESS,
      WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT UPON EACH COMPANY IF THE MERGER
      DOES NOT CLOSE BEFORE THE END OF THE YEAR OR AT ALL.

      Pending the closing of the merger, in addition to the restrictions on
PhotoMedex and SLT described above, the parties have agreed to certain
restrictions on the operations of their respective businesses, including the
following:

      -     each will carry on its respective business in the ordinary course;

      -     neither will declare dividends or make other distributions to their
            respective stockholders;

      -     neither will issue any new securities, except pursuant to existing
            agreements, except that PhotoMedex may issue securities for purposes
            of financings after December 31, 2002;

      -     neither will change its accounting methods or practices; and

      -     neither will amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

The outside date for the closing of the merger will be March 31, 2003. As a
result of these restrictions, the parties may lose opportunities to expand their
respective businesses or to enter into transactions which the parties may
otherwise perceive as favorable to business expansion. These restrictions could
have a material adverse effect on the stockholders of both PhotoMedex and SLT.

      ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP HAS NOT CONSENTED TO THE INCLUSION OF ITS REPORTS IN
      THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF
      PHOTOMEDEX AND SLT, AND YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RECOVER AGAINST ARTHUR
      ANDERSEN LLP IN THE EVENT OF A LAWSUIT RELATING TO THIS REGISTRATION
      STATEMENT.

      Arthur Andersen LLP has not consented to the inclusion of its reports in
the registration statement related to the financial statements of PhotoMedex and
SLT in this prospectus, and PhotoMedex has dispensed with the requirement to
file the consents of Arthur Andersen LLP with the registration statement, as
otherwise required by Section 7 of the Securities Act, in reliance on Rule 437a
promulgated under the Securities Act. Because Arthur Andersen LLP has not
consented to the inclusion of its reports in the registration statement, you
bear the risk that you will not be able to recover against Arthur Andersen LLP
under Section 11 of the Securities Act with respect to any untrue statements of
a material fact contained in the consolidated financial statements audited by
Arthur Andersen LLP, or any omissions to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS OF PHOTOMEDEX FOLLOWING THE MERGER

      PHOTOMEDEX HAS A HISTORY OF LOSSES, EXPECTS FUTURE LOSSES AND CANNOT
      ASSURE YOU THAT IT WILL BECOME OR REMAIN PROFITABLE.

      Historically, PhotoMedex has incurred significant losses and has had
negative cash flows from operations. To date, PhotoMedex has dedicated most of
its financial resources to research and development and general and
administrative expenses and only recently began to market the XTRAC system for
commercial sale and to generate revenues from its use by dermatologists.
PhotoMedex has historically financed its activities through working capital
provided from loans and the private placement of its debt and equity securities.
As of June 30, 2002, its accumulated deficit was approximately $59 million.

      PhotoMedex's future revenues and success depend upon acceptance of its
excimer laser systems for the treatment of psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic
dermatitis and leukoderma. The XTRAC system for the treatment of these
conditions has just begun to generate revenues. PhotoMedex's ability to
introduce new products successfully and the expected benefits to be obtained
from these new products may be adversely affected by a number of factors, such
as unforeseen costs and expenses, technological changes, economic downturns,
competitive factors or other events beyond its control.

      PhotoMedex expects to incur operating losses for at least the next twelve
months because PhotoMedex plans to spend substantial amounts on the marketing of
its psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma treatment products and
expansion of its operations. PhotoMedex cannot assure you that PhotoMedex will
market any products successfully, operate profitably in the future, or that
PhotoMedex will not require significant additional financing in order to
accomplish its business plan.

      PHOTOMEDEX WILL NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING TO MAINTAIN AND EXPAND ITS
      BUSINESS, AND SUCH FINANCING MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE ON FAVORABLE TERMS, IF
      AT ALL.

      PhotoMedex has historically financed its operations through working
capital provided from operations, loans and the private placement of equity and
debt securities. SLT has historically financed its operations through working
capital and from credit facilities. The existing financial resources of
PhotoMedex and SLT and revenues from sales, distribution, licensing and
manufacturing relationships of the combined company should be sufficient to meet
its operating and capital requirements through the second quarter of 2003.
However, PhotoMedex may have to raise substantial additional capital thereafter
if:

      -     changes in its research and development plans cause unexpected large
            future expenditures;

      -     operating losses continue because demand for the XTRAC system for
            the treatment of psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and
            leukoderma does not meet its current expectations; or

      -     the integration of the operations of SLT and PhotoMedex takes longer
            to complete or the expenses of such integration exceed current
            expectations.

      If PhotoMedex needs additional financing, PhotoMedex cannot assure you
that it will be available on favorable terms, if at all. If PhotoMedex needs
funds and cannot raise them on acceptable terms, PhotoMedex may not be able to:

      -     execute its growth plan for the XTRAC system;

      -     take advantage of future opportunities, including synergistic
            acquisitions;

      -     expand its manufacturing facilities, if necessary, based on
            increased demand for the XTRAC system;

      -     respond to customers and competition; or

      -     remain in operation.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S LASER TREATMENTS OF PSORIASIS, VITILIGO, ATOPIC DERMATITIS
      AND LEUKODERMA AND ANY OF ITS FUTURE PRODUCTS MAY FAIL TO GAIN MARKET
      ACCEPTANCE, WHICH WOULD ADVERSELY AFFECT ITS COMPETITIVE POSITION.

      No independent studies with regard to the feasibility of PhotoMedex's
proposed business plan have been conducted by it or by any independent third
parties with respect to its present and future business prospects and capital
requirements. PhotoMedex has generated limited commercial distribution for the
XTRAC system and its other products. Even if adequate financing is available and
its products are ready for market, PhotoMedex cannot assure you that its
products will find sufficient acceptance in the marketplace to fulfill its long
and short-term goals. PhotoMedex cannot assure you that the marketplace will be
receptive to excimer laser technology over competing therapies or that a cure
will not be found for the underlying diseases. Failure of its products to
achieve market acceptance would have a material adverse effect on its business,
financial condition and results of operations.

      PhotoMedex introduced its marketing plan for its psoriasis treatment
system in August 2000. Market acceptance of laser treatment of psoriasis,
vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma depends on its ability to establish,
with the medical community, the clinical efficacy of excimer laser technology to
treat these disorders. While PhotoMedex has engaged in clinical studies for its
psoriasis treatment, PhotoMedex has not had sufficient time to observe the
long-term effectiveness or potential side effects of its treatment system for
psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S SUCCESS MAY DEPEND ON THIRD-PARTY REIMBURSEMENT OF PATIENTS'
      COSTS FOR THE XTRAC SYSTEM, WHICH COULD RESULT IN PRICE PRESSURE OR
      REDUCED DEMAND.

      PhotoMedex's ability to market the XTRAC system successfully will depend
in part on the extent to which various third parties are willing to reimburse
patients or providers for the costs of medical procedures utilizing the XTRAC
system. These third parties include government authorities, private health
insurers and other organizations, such as health maintenance organizations.
Third-party payors are systematically challenging the prices charged for medical
products and services. They may deny reimbursement if they determine that a
prescribed device is not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment
methods as determined by the payor, or is experimental, unnecessary or
inappropriate. Accordingly, if less costly drugs are available, third-party
payors may not authorize or may limit reimbursement for the use of PhotoMedex's
products, even if its products are safer or more effective than the
alternatives. Additionally, they may require changes to PhotoMedex's pricing
structure and revenue model before authorizing reimbursement.

      To date, PhotoMedex has received approval from approximately 50 health
plans in 30 states to reimburse for claims submitted by patients or their
doctors for treatment of psoriasis utilizing the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex has
also received approval from eight insurers for reimbursement for treatment of
vitiligo utilizing the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex can give no assurance that any
other health insurers will agree to any reimbursement policy or that currently
reimbursing insurers will not adversely modify their reimbursement policies for
the use of the XTRAC system in the future. PhotoMedex intends to seek coverage
and reimbursement for the use of the XTRAC system to treat atopic dermatitis or
leukoderma, after additional clinical studies are completed. There can be no
assurances that PhotoMedex will be in position to seek reimbursement for the use
of the XTRAC system to treat atopic dermatitis or leukoderma, or, if PhotoMedex
does, that any health insurers will agree to any reimbursement policy.

      PhotoMedex is in discussions with the payment and coverage staff in the
national office of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS
(formerly known as the Health Care Financing Administration), and the local Part
B Carriers regarding coverage of, and reimbursement for, the costs of treatments
for psoriasis utilizing the XTRAC system. This is not a formal request for a
national coverage policy, a process that can take from 18 to 24 months to
complete. PhotoMedex is pursuing a more informal approach to obtain Medicare
reimbursement in an effort to expedite the process. PhotoMedex cannot assure you
that a favorable response will be received from CMS or the carriers. If CMS or
the carriers do not grant the right to reimbursement, it could have a material
adverse effect on its business. PhotoMedex is not yet seeking Medicare coverage
for treatment of vitiligo, atopic dermatitis or leukoderma, although PhotoMedex
intends to initiate such an effort in the future. PhotoMedex cannot assure you
that psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis or leukoderma patients will be
willing to pay the extra amount required to obtain treatment with the XTRAC
system. The failure to achieve this goal could have a material adverse effect on
its business operations and financial condition.

      COST CONTAINMENT MEASURES AND ANY GENERAL HEALTHCARE REFORM COULD
      ADVERSELY AFFECT ITS ABILITY TO MARKET ITS PRODUCTS.

      Cost containment measures instituted by healthcare providers and insurers
and any general healthcare reform could affect PhotoMedex's ability to receive
revenue from the use of the XTRAC system or to market the products of the
combined company and may have a material adverse effect on the business of the
combined company. PhotoMedex cannot predict the effect of future legislation or
regulation concerning the healthcare industry and third-party coverage and
reimbursement on its business. In addition, fundamental reforms in the
healthcare industry in the United States and the European Union, or EU, continue
to be considered, although PhotoMedex cannot predict whether or when any
healthcare reform proposals will be adopted and what impact such proposals might
have on demand for its products.

      THE XTRAC SYSTEM WILL CONTINUE TO BE THE MOST IMPORTANT PRODUCT TO BE
      MARKETED BY THE COMBINED COMPANY. IF PHYSICIANS DO NOT ADOPT THE XTRAC
      SYSTEM, PHOTOMEDEX WILL NOT ACHIEVE ANTICIPATED REVENUE GROWTH.

      PhotoMedex commercially introduced the XTRAC system, which consists of a
laser system for the treatment of psoriasis, in August 2000. PhotoMedex is
highly dependent on XTRAC system revenue because PhotoMedex anticipates that
usage for the XTRAC system will account for substantially all its revenue at
least through the end of 2002. To achieve increasing revenue, its product must
gain recognition and adoption by physicians who treat psoriasis and other skin
disorders. The XTRAC system represents a significant departure from conventional
psoriasis treatment methods. PhotoMedex believes that physicians will not use
the XTRAC system unless they determine, based on published peer-reviewed journal
articles, long-term clinical data and their professional experience, that the
XTRAC system provides an effective and attractive alternative to conventional
means of treatment for psoriasis. Currently, there are only limited
peer-reviewed clinical reports and short-term clinical follow-up data on the
XTRAC system. Physicians are traditionally slow to adopt new products and
treatment practices, partly because of perceived liability risks and uncertainty
of third-party reimbursement. If physicians do not adopt the XTRAC system,
PhotoMedex may never achieve significant revenues or profitability.

      PHOTOMEDEX WILL BE DEPENDENT UPON REVENUES GENERATED FROM THE XTRAC SYSTEM
      AND SLT'S PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

      Other than the XTRAC system, PhotoMedex's products are in the early stages
of development. Until these other products are developed, PhotoMedex will be
dependent upon revenues generated from the XTRAC system and SLT's products and
services. These early stage development products and any new products PhotoMedex
develops in the future face significant developmental, regulatory and financing
obstacles. PhotoMedex cannot assure you that PhotoMedex will obtain the
necessary financing and regulatory approvals for these products, nor can
PhotoMedex assure you that these products will be successful in treating
patients or result in commercially viable products. You must consider, based on
its limited history, its ability to:

      -     obtain the financial resources necessary to develop, test,
            manufacture and market products;

      -     engage and maintain corporate partners to assist in developing,
            testing, manufacturing and marketing its products;

      -     satisfy the requirements of clinical trial protocols;

      -     establish and demonstrate the clinical efficacy of its products;

      -     obtain necessary regulatory approvals;

      -     achieve acceptance by third-party payors for reimbursement for
            procedures using its devices; and

      -     market its products to achieve acceptance and use by the medical
            community in general.

      IF THE EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY OF THE XTRAC SYSTEM ARE NOT SUPPORTED BY
      LONG-TERM DATA, ITS REVENUE COULD DECLINE AND PHOTOMEDEX COULD BE SUBJECT
      TO LIABILITY.

      The XTRAC system may not be accepted if PhotoMedex does not produce
clinical data supported by the independent efforts of clinicians. PhotoMedex
received clearance from the FDA for the use of the XTRAC system to treat
psoriasis based upon the study of a limited number of patients. Also, PhotoMedex
has received clearance from the FDA for the use of the XTRAC system to treat
vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma based on equivalence. Safety and
efficacy data presented to the FDA for the XTRAC system was based on studies on
these patients. PhotoMedex may find that data from longer-term psoriasis patient
follow-up studies may be inconsistent with those indicated by its relatively
short-term data. If longer-term patient studies or clinical experience indicate
that treatment with the XTRAC system does not provide patients with sustained
benefits or that treatment with its product is less effective or less safe than
its current data suggests, its revenues could decline and PhotoMedex could be
subject to significant liability. Further, PhotoMedex may find that its data is
not substantiated in studies involving more patients, in which case PhotoMedex
may never achieve significant revenues or profitability.

      ANY FAILURE IN ITS PHYSICIAN EDUCATION EFFORTS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE
      SUCCESS OF MARKETING THE XTRAC SYSTEM.

      It is important to the success of its marketing efforts to educate
physicians and technicians in the techniques of using the XTRAC system.
PhotoMedex relies on physicians to spend their time and money to attend its
pre-sale educational sessions. Positive results using the XTRAC system are
highly dependent upon proper physician and technician technique. If physicians
and technicians use the XTRAC system improperly, they may have unsatisfactory
patient outcomes or cause patient injury, which may give rise to negative
publicity or lawsuits against PhotoMedex, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on its revenue and profitability.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S SUCCESS IS DEPENDENT ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS HELD BY
      IT, AND ITS BUSINESS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY DIRECT COMPETITION IF
      PHOTOMEDEX IS UNABLE TO PROTECT THESE RIGHTS.

      PhotoMedex's success will depend, in large part, on its ability to
maintain and defend its patents. However, PhotoMedex cannot give you assurance
that the technologies and processes covered by all of the patents held by
PhotoMedex and SLT are neither obvious nor substantially similar to prior work,
which could render these patents unenforceable. Without the protection of these
patents, competitors may utilize its technology to commercialize their own
excimer laser systems for the treatment of psoriasis and for other products.

      Trade secrets and other proprietary information, which are not protected
by patents, are also critical to the combined business of PhotoMedex and SLT.
PhotoMedex and SLT attempt to protect their respective trade secrets by entering
into confidentiality agreements with third parties, employees and consultants.
However, these agreements can be breached and, if they are, there may not be an
adequate remedy available to the combined company. Costly and time-consuming
litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of its
proprietary rights, and even if PhotoMedex prevails in litigation, third parties
may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information that allow
them to develop technologies and products that are substantially equivalent or
superior to its own. Without the protection afforded by its patent, trade secret
and proprietary information rights, PhotoMedex may face direct competition from
others commercializing their products using its technology that would have a
material adverse effect on its business.

      DEFENDING AGAINST INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS COULD BE TIME
      CONSUMING AND EXPENSIVE, AND IF PHOTOMEDEX IS NOT SUCCESSFUL, COULD CAUSE
      SUBSTANTIAL EXPENSES AND DISRUPT ITS BUSINESS.

      PhotoMedex cannot be sure that the products, services, technologies and
advertising PhotoMedex and SLT employ in their respective businesses do not or
will not infringe valid patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual
property rights held by third parties. PhotoMedex may be subject to legal
proceedings and claims from time to time relating to the intellectual property
of others in the ordinary course of its business. Any legal action against it
claiming damages or seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to the
affected products or its methods or processes could have a material adverse
effect on its business by:

      -     requiring it, or its collaborators, to obtain a license to continue
            to use, manufacture or market the affected products, methods or
            processes, which may not be available on commercially reasonable
            terms, if at all;

      -     preventing it from making, using or selling the subject matter
            claimed in patents held by others and subject it to potential
            liability for damages;

      -     consuming a substantial portion of its managerial and financial
            resources; and

      -     resulting in litigation or administrative proceedings that may be
            costly, whether PhotoMedex wins or loses.

      PHOTOMEDEX MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PROTECT ITS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
      OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES.

      Intellectual property law outside the United States is uncertain and in
many countries is currently undergoing review and revision. The laws of some
countries do not protect the intellectual property rights of PhotoMedex to the
same extent as laws in the United States. It may be necessary or useful for it
to participate in proceedings to determine the validity of its, or its
competitors', foreign intellectual property rights, which could result in
substantial cost and divert its efforts and attention from other aspects of its
business. If PhotoMedex is unable to defend its intellectual property rights
internationally, PhotoMedex may face direct competition outside the United
States, which could materially adversely affect its future business, operating
results and financial condition.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S FAILURE TO OBTAIN OR MAINTAIN NECESSARY FDA CLEARANCES OR
      APPROVALS COULD HURT ITS ABILITY TO COMMERCIALLY DISTRIBUTE AND MARKET ITS
      PRODUCTS IN THE UNITED STATES.

      The products of PhotoMedex and SLT are considered medical devices and are
subject to extensive regulation in the United States and in foreign countries
where they do business. Unless an exemption applies, each medical device that
either PhotoMedex or SLT wishes to market in the United States must first
receive either 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval from the FDA. Either
process can be lengthy and expensive. The FDA's 510(k) clearance process may
take from four to twelve months, or longer. The pre-market application approval
process is much more costly, lengthy and uncertain. It may take one to three
years or even longer. Delays in obtaining regulatory clearance or approval could
adversely affect its revenues and profitability.

      Although PhotoMedex has obtained 510(k) clearances for the XTRAC system
for use in treating psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma, and
SLT obtained 510(k) clearances for its products, any such clearance can be
revoked if post-marketing data demonstrates safety issues or lack of
effectiveness. Further, more stringent regulatory requirements and/or safety and
quality standards may be issued in the future with an adverse effect on
PhotoMedex's business. Although PhotoMedex and SLT believe that they are in
compliance with all material applicable regulations of the FDA, current
regulations depend heavily on administrative interpretation. Future
interpretations made by the FDA or other regulatory bodies, with possible
retroactive effect, may vary from current interpretations and may adversely
affect the business of the combined company.

      EVEN IF PHOTOMEDEX OBTAINS THE NECESSARY REGULATORY APPROVALS FOR THE
      XTRAC SYSTEM FROM FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS, MARKET ACCEPTANCE IN INTERNATIONAL
      MARKETS MAY DEPEND ON THIRD PARTY REIMBURSEMENT OF PARTICIPANT'S COSTS.

      To date, PhotoMedex has introduced the XTRAC system through its
distributors and to end users into markets in approximately 20 countries in
Europe, the Middle East, the Far East and Southeast Asia, and in Australia,
Mexico, South

Africa and Colombia. PhotoMedex intends to market the XTRAC system in other
international markets. PhotoMedex cannot be certain that its distributors will
be successful in marketing XTRAC systems in these or other countries or that its
distributors will purchase more than their contractual obligations. Even if
PhotoMedex obtains the necessary foreign regulatory registrations or approvals,
market acceptance of the XTRAC system in international markets may be dependent,
in part, upon the availability of reimbursement within applicable healthcare
payment systems. Reimbursement and healthcare payment systems in international
markets vary significantly by country, and include both government-sponsored
healthcare and private insurance. Although PhotoMedex intends to seek
international reimbursement approvals for the XTRAC system, PhotoMedex cannot
assure you that any such approvals will be obtained in a timely manner, if at
all. Failure to receive international reimbursement approvals in any given
market could have a material adverse effect on the acceptance of the XTRAC
system in that market or others.

      PHOTOMEDEX HAS LIMITED MARKETING EXPERIENCE, AND ITS FAILURE TO BUILD AND
      MANAGE ITS MARKETING FORCE OR TO MARKET AND DISTRIBUTE THE XTRAC SYSTEM
      EFFECTIVELY WILL HURT ITS REVENUES AND PROFITS.

      PhotoMedex has limited marketing experience. PhotoMedex currently relies
on two direct account representatives to market the XTRAC system in the United
States. PhotoMedex recently reduced its domestic sales and marketing team while
it awaits reimbursement approvals from additional private health care plans.
Although PhotoMedex intends to integrate the marketing support staff of SLT,
there can be no assurance that PhotoMedex will be able to integrate SLT's
personnel to market the XTRAC more successfully. PhotoMedex must achieve these
additional approvals and expand or integrate this marketing team over the next
24 months to achieve its market share and revenue growth goals. Since PhotoMedex
has only recently launched the XTRAC system, its personnel have limited
experience marketing the product, and PhotoMedex cannot predict how successful
they will be in their marketing efforts. There are significant risks involved in
building and managing its marketing force and marketing the XTRAC system,
including its ability:

      -     to hire, as needed, a sufficient number of qualified marketing
            people with the skills and understanding to market the XTRAC system
            effectively;

      -     to adequately train its marketing force in the use and benefits of
            its system, making them less effective promoters; and

      -     to accurately price its treatments using an XTRAC system as
            attractive alternatives to conventional treatments.

      PHOTOMEDEX HAS LIMITED EXPERIENCE MANUFACTURING THE XTRAC SYSTEM IN
      COMMERCIAL QUANTITIES, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT THE RATE AT WHICH
      PHOTOMEDEX GROWS.

      PhotoMedex may encounter difficulties manufacturing the XTRAC system for
the following reasons:

      -     PhotoMedex has limited experience manufacturing the XTRAC system in
            commercial quantities;

      -     PhotoMedex does not have extensive experience manufacturing the
            XTRAC system in compliance with the FDA's Quality System Regulation;

      -     to increase its manufacturing output significantly, PhotoMedex will
            have to attract and retain qualified employees, who are in short
            supply, for assembly and testing operations; and

      -     some of the components and materials necessary for manufacturing the
            XTRAC system are currently provided by a single supplier.

      Although PhotoMedex believes that its current manufacturing facility,
together with the potential increased capacity from the available manufacturing
facilities of SLT, is adequate to support its commercial manufacturing
activities for the foreseeable future, PhotoMedex may be required to expand its
manufacturing facilities to substantially increase capacity. If PhotoMedex is
unable to provide customers with high-quality products in a timely manner,
PhotoMedex may not be able to achieve market acceptance for the XTRAC system.
PhotoMedex's inability to successfully manufacture or commercialize its devices
could have a material adverse effect on its revenue.

      PHOTOMEDEX MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY MANAGING ITS GROWTH.

      PhotoMedex expects to experience significant growth in the number of its
employees and customers and the scope of its operations, independent of the
integration of the employees and customers of SLT. This additional growth may
place a significant strain on its management and operations. PhotoMedex's
ability to manage this growth will depend upon its ability to broaden its
management team and its ability to attract, hire and retain skilled employees.
Its success will also depend on the ability of its officers and key employees to
continue to implement and improve its operational and other systems, to manage
multiple, concurrent customer relationships and to hire, train and manage its
employees. Its future success is heavily dependent upon growth and acceptance of
new products and the successful integration of SLT's products, services and
customer base. If PhotoMedex cannot scale its business appropriately or
otherwise adapt to anticipated growth and new product introductions, a key part
of its strategy may not be successful.

      THE XTRAC SYSTEM REQUIRES SPECIFIC COMPONENT PARTS THAT MAY NOT BE READILY
      AVAILABLE OR COST EFFECTIVE, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT ITS COMPETITIVE
      POSITION OR PROFITABILITY.

      Production of the XTRAC system requires specific component parts obtained
from its suppliers. In the event that its suppliers cannot meet its needs,
PhotoMedex believes that it could find alternative suppliers. However, a change
in suppliers or any significant delay in its ability to have access to such
resources would have a material adverse effect on its delivery schedules,
business, operating results and financial condition.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S FAILURE TO RESPOND TO RAPID CHANGES IN TECHNOLOGY AND ITS
      APPLICATIONS, NEW TREATMENT METHODS AND INTENSE COMPETITION IN THE MEDICAL
      DEVICES INDUSTRY COULD MAKE ITS PRODUCTS OBSOLETE.

      The medical devices industry is subject to rapid and substantial
technological development and product innovations. For the combined company to
be successful, it must respond to new developments in technology, new
applications of existing technology and new treatment methods. PhotoMedex and
SLT compete against numerous companies offering alternative products that target
the same markets. Some of these companies have greater financial, marketing and
technical resources to utilize in pursuing technological development and new
treatment methods. Its financial condition and operating results could be
adversely affected if the XTRAC system or SLT's current products fail to compete
favorably with these technological developments, or if PhotoMedex fails to be
responsive on a timely and effective basis to competitors' new devices,
applications, treatments or price reductions. The development of a cure for
psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis or leukoderma would eliminate the need
for the XTRAC system for these diseases, which would have a material adverse
effect on its business.

      PHOTOMEDEX DOES NOT HAVE A STRATEGIC PARTNER TO DEVELOP AND MARKET ITS TMR
      PRODUCTS.

      In August 1997, PhotoMedex entered into an agreement with Edwards
LifeSciences Corporation, or Edwards. Under the terms of this agreement,
PhotoMedex granted Edwards exclusive worldwide rights to sell its modified
excimer laser and associated disposable products, known as the AL5000M, for the
treatment of cardiovascular and vascular disease using the surgical procedure
known as transmyocardial revascularization, or TMR. Under the terms of the
agreements with Edwards, Edwards had agreed, among other things, to:

      -     absorb many of the significant expenses of bringing its TMR products
            to market;

      -     fund the total cost of obtaining regulatory approvals worldwide for
            the use of the AL5000M for the treatment of cardiovascular and
            vascular disease; and

      -     fund all sales and marketing costs related to the introduction and
            marketing of the AL5000M to treat cardiovascular and vascular
            disease.

      In September 1997, Edwards purchased from LaserSight, Inc., or LaserSight,
rights to related patents for the use of an excimer laser to ablate tissue in
vascular and cardiovascular applications for $4,000,000. The ablation technology
underlying the patents has been successfully used in other applications for many
years. In December 1997, PhotoMedex reimbursed Edwards for the $4,000,000
purchase price of the rights from LaserSight. Under the terms of the agreement
with Edwards, PhotoMedex obtained a license to manufacture excimer lasers and
related products for use in cardiovascular procedures using

such technology in connection with the agreement with Edwards. PhotoMedex
recorded a license fee for the $4,000,000 cash payment by PhotoMedex to Edwards.

      PhotoMedex's strategic relationship with Edwards has terminated, which
termination is the subject of certain disputes between Edwards and PhotoMedex.
PhotoMedex no longer has a strategic partner to develop and market its TMR
system. PhotoMedex does not have sufficient financial resources to conduct the
necessary human clinical trials to commercialize the application of the AL5000M
for TMR. If PhotoMedex intends to continue to try to bring its AL5000M to
market, PhotoMedex will have to seek out other parties for the purpose of
financing the conduct of human clinical trials that otherwise would have been
paid for by Edwards. PhotoMedex believes that third parties may have an economic
incentive to provide such assistance due to the fact that PhotoMedex believes
that the AL5000M is technically superior and less expensive than lasers from
other manufacturers used for the same medical applications. However, PhotoMedex
cannot assure you that PhotoMedex will be able to find another alliance in
connection with its AL5000M and even if PhotoMedex does so that such alliance
will be on terms as favorable as those of the alliance PhotoMedex had with
Edwards.

      In late January 2001, PhotoMedex learned that on November 10, 2000,
Edwards and LaserSight granted a non-exclusive sublicense of the LaserSight
license to Spectranetics, Inc., or Spectranetics, without PhotoMedex's consent.
PhotoMedex believes that the grant of this sublicense violated certain
agreements between Edwards and PhotoMedex. PhotoMedex is currently evaluating
what measures PhotoMedex should take in connection with these actions by
Edwards. PhotoMedex believes that this action by Edwards, if not reversed, may
restrict its ability to protect products that PhotoMedex may develop in the
cardiovascular field from competition by Spectranetics and others.

      PhotoMedex has been evaluating the various alternatives for exploiting the
license with Edwards. During the fourth quarter of 2001, PhotoMedex completed
its evaluation and concluded that the projected undiscounted cash flows expected
to be derived from this license are less than the carrying value of the license.
PhotoMedex also believes that any operations relating to this license will
generate negative cash flows over the next several years due to the additional
costs that would need to be incurred to further develop and market products
based on this technology. Accordingly, PhotoMedex recorded an impairment charge
in the fourth quarter of 2001 of approximately $2,000,000 associated with the
write down of the $4,000,000 reimbursement paid to Edwards.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S PRODUCTS MAY BE FOUND DEFECTIVE OR PHYSICIANS AND TECHNICIANS
      MAY MISUSE ITS PRODUCTS AND DAMAGES MAY EXCEED ITS INSURANCE COVERAGE.

      One or more of the combined company's products may be found to be
defective after they already have been shipped in volume, requiring a product
replacement. Product returns and the potential need to remedy defects or provide
replacement products or parts could result in substantial costs and have a
material adverse effect on its business and results of operations. The clinical
testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of its products and procedures may
also expose it to product liability claims. To date, there have been no tests
completed observing the long-term effects of the XTRAC system. In addition,
PhotoMedex and SLT train technicians to use their products. SLT also provides
technicians as part of its contract services business. These factors may expose
the combined company to medical malpractice claims. PhotoMedex maintains
liability insurance with coverage limits of $10,000,000 per occurrence.
PhotoMedex cannot assure you that the coverage limits of its insurance policies
are adequate or that one or more successful claims brought against it would not
have a material adverse effect upon its business, financial condition and
results of operations.

      IF PHOTOMEDEX USES HAZARDOUS MATERIALS IN A MANNER THAT CAUSES INJURY OR
      VIOLATES LAWS, ITS BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS MAY SUFFER.

      The XTRAC system utilizes a xenon chloride gas mixture under high
pressure, which is extremely corrosive. While methods for proper disposal and
handling of this gas are well-known, PhotoMedex cannot completely eliminate the
risk of accidental contamination, which could cause:

      -     an interruption of its research and development efforts;

      -     injury to its employees, physicians, technicians or patients which
            could result in the payment of damages; or

      -     liabilities under federal, state and local laws and regulations
            governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials
            and specified waste products.

      PHOTOMEDEX DEPENDS ON ITS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND KEY PERSONNEL TO
      IMPLEMENT ITS BUSINESS STRATEGY AND COULD BE HARMED BY THE LOSS OF THEIR
      SERVICES.

      PhotoMedex believes that its growth and future success will depend in
large part upon the skills of its management and technical team. The competition
for qualified personnel in the laser industry is intense, and the loss of its
key personnel or an inability to continue to attract, retain and motivate key
personnel could adversely affect its business. PhotoMedex cannot assure you that
it will be able to retain its existing key personnel or to attract additional
qualified personnel. PhotoMedex does not have key-person life insurance on any
of its employees.

      Its success depends in part upon the continued service and performance of:

      -     Jeffrey F. O'Donnell, President and Chief Executive Officer of
            PhotoMedex;

      -     Michael R. Stewart, the current President and Chief Executive
            Officer of SLT; and

      -     Dennis M. McGrath, Chief Financial Officer of PhotoMedex.

      Although PhotoMedex has employment agreements with Mr. O'Donnell and Mr.
McGrath, and will enter into an employment agreement with Mr. Stewart at the
closing of the merger, the loss of the services of one or more of its executive
officers could impair its ability to develop and introduce its new products.

      DELAWARE LAW HAS ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS THAT COULD DELAY OR PREVENT
      ACTUAL AND POTENTIAL CHANGES IN CONTROL, EVEN IF THEY WOULD BENEFIT
      STOCKHOLDERS.

      PhotoMedex is subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, which prohibits a business combination between a corporation and an
"interested stockholder" within three years of the stockholder becoming an
interested stockholder, except in limited circumstances.

      POTENTIAL FLUCTUATIONS IN ITS OPERATING RESULTS COULD LEAD TO FLUCTUATIONS
      IN THE MARKET PRICE FOR ITS COMMON STOCK.

      PhotoMedex's results of operations are expected to fluctuate significantly
from quarter to quarter, depending upon numerous factors, including:

      -     healthcare reform and reimbursement policies;

      -     demand for its products;

      -     changes in its pricing policies or those of its competitors;

      -     increases in its manufacturing costs;

      -     the number, timing and significance of product enhancements and new
            product announcements by it and its competitors;

      -     its ability to develop, introduce and market new and enhanced
            versions of its products on a timely basis considering, among other
            things, delays associated with the FDA and other regulatory approval
            processes and the timing and results of future clinical trials; and

      -     product quality problems, personnel changes, and changes in its
            business strategy.

      Its quarter to quarter operating results could also be affected by the
timing and usage of individual laser units in the treatment of patients, since
its revenue model for the excimer laser system for the treatment of psoriasis
patients in the United States is based on a payment per usage plan.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S STOCK PRICE HAS BEEN AND CONTINUES TO BE VOLATILE.

      The market price for the common stock of PhotoMedex could fluctuate due to
various factors. These factors include:

      -     acquisition-related announcements;

      -     announcements by it or its competitors of new contracts,
            technological innovations or new products;

      -     changes in government regulations;

      -     fluctuations in its quarterly and annual operating results; and

      -     general market conditions.

      In addition, the stock markets have, in recent years, experienced
significant price fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated to
the operating performance of the specific companies whose stock is traded.
Market fluctuations, as well as economic conditions, have adversely affected,
and may continue to adversely affect, the market price of its common stock.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS ON ITS COMMON STOCK MAY BE LIMITED.

      PhotoMedex does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. PhotoMedex intends to retain earnings, if any, to provide funds for the
expansion of its business.

      LIMITATIONS ON DIRECTOR LIABILITY MAY DISCOURAGE STOCKHOLDERS FROM
      BRINGING SUIT AGAINST A DIRECTOR.

      PhotoMedex's certificate of incorporation provides, as permitted by
governing Delaware law, that a director shall not be personally liable to
PhotoMedex or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty
as a director, with certain exceptions. These provisions may discourage
stockholders from bringing suit against a director for breach of fiduciary duty
and may reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation brought by stockholders
on its behalf against a director. In addition, its certificate of incorporation
and bylaws provide for mandatory indemnification of directors and officers to
the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law.

      IN 1997, PRIOR MANAGEMENT ENTERED INTO A SETTLEMENT ORDER WITH THE
      COMMISSION REGARDING CERTAIN EVENTS, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT ITS
      ABILITY TO CONDUCT FINANCING IN THE FUTURE.

      In 1997, as a result of certain alleged securities law violations in 1992
and early 1993 under prior management, PhotoMedex entered into a Settlement
Order with the Commission, in which PhotoMedex consented to the entry of an
order finding that prior management violated the securities laws and ordering
prior management to cease and desist from any future securities law violations.
The alleged events occurred prior to the change in its management and board of
directors. PhotoMedex cannot assure you that the Settlement Order will not have
an adverse effect on its ability to conduct financing in the future.

                             THE SLT SPECIAL MEETING

      This proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to you as part of the
solicitation of proxies by the SLT board of directors for use at the special
meeting of SLT stockholders to be held on December __, 2002, and at any
adjournment or postponement of the meeting. We are first mailing this proxy
statement/prospectus, this notice of special meeting of stockholders and the
enclosed proxy card to you on or about ___________, 2002.

TIME AND PLACE OF THE SPECIAL MEETING

      The SLT special meeting will be held at the offices of its counsel, Duane
Morris LLP, One Liberty Place, 1650 Market Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
19103-7396, on December __, 2002 at ____ a.m., local time.

PURPOSE OF THE SPECIAL MEETING

      At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and approve a
proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 25,
2002 by and among PhotoMedex, J Merger Corp., Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
PhotoMedex, and SLT, pursuant to which J Merger Corp., Inc., will merge with and
into SLT, with SLT as the surviving corporation. As a result of the merger, SLT
will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of PhotoMedex. In the merger, each share
of SLT common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger will be converted into 1.12 shares of PhotoMedex common stock, plus cash
in lieu of fractional shares. In addition, PhotoMedex will assume all
outstanding SLT stock purchase warrants.

      SLT knows of no other matters to be brought before the special meeting. If
any matter incident to the conduct of the special meeting should be brought
before the meeting, the persons named in the proxy card will vote in their
discretion.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDATION

      The SLT board of directors has approved and adopted the merger agreement
and the merger, has deemed them advisable and recommends a vote "FOR" approval
of the merger and adoption of the merger agreement. This action by the SLT board
of directors was taken by the unanimous vote of the directors present at the
meeting at which the merger agreement and merger were considered. Mr. DePiano,
who is also a director of PhotoMedex, was the only SLT director who did not
attend this meeting.

RECORD DATE; STOCK ENTITLED TO VOTE; QUORUM

      The SLT board of directors has fixed the close of business on November 8,
2002 as the record date for the special meeting. Only holders of SLT common
stock on the record date will be entitled to vote at the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements thereof. At the record date, ________ shares of
SLT common stock were outstanding and entitled to vote held by approximately
____ stockholders of record.

      The presence, in person or by proxy, of a majority of the shares of SLT
common stock is necessary to constitute a quorum at the special meeting.
Abstentions and broker non-votes will be included in the determination of shares
present at the special meeting for purposes of determining a quorum. Properly
executed proxies marked "abstain" will be deemed present for purposes of
determining whether a quorum has been achieved. Proxies held by brokers in
"street name" that are not voted on all proposals to come before the meeting
shall also be deemed "present."

REQUIRED VOTE

      Approval of the merger and adoption of the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of SLT common stock
outstanding on the record date. Failure to vote and abstentions will not be
deemed to be cast either "FOR" or "AGAINST" the merger agreement and the merger.
However, because approval of the merger and adoption of the merger agreement
requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of SLT common stock, the failure to submit a proxy card or to vote in
person at the special meeting, abstentions by a stockholder and broker non-votes
will have the same effect as a vote "AGAINST" the merger agreement and the
merger.

      All other matters, if any, presented for approval at the special meeting
will generally require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of SLT common stock present in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote
on the matter. As a result, with respect to the other matters, if any, presented
for approval at the special meeting, the failure to submit a proxy card or to
vote in person at the special meeting and broker non-votes will not be counted
"FOR" or "AGAINST" for purposes of determining whether such proposals have
received the requisite approval by SLT stockholders. However, stockholder
abstentions, whether pursuant to a properly marked proxy card or a vote in
person at the special meeting, will have the effect of a negative vote on such
matters.

STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENTS

      On September 25, 2002, the officers and directors of SLT entered into
stockholder agreements, pursuant to which, among other things, they agreed to
vote their shares of SLT "FOR" approval of the merger and adoption of the merger
agreement. A copy of the form of stockholder agreement is attached as Annex D to
this proxy statement/prospectus and incorporated into this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference. Each of these stockholders has also granted
an irrevocable proxy and a power of attorney to certain officers of PhotoMedex
to vote the shares of SLT common stock covered by the stockholder agreements
"FOR" approval of the merger and adoption of the merger agreement. On the record
date, the SLT stockholders that are parties to the stockholder agreements
collectively owned and were entitled to vote approximately 15% of the issued and
outstanding shares of SLT common stock, which does not constitute, by itself,
enough votes required for approval of the merger. Consequently, approval of the
merger and adoption of the merger agreement will require a significant number of
additional votes held by SLT stockholders in favor of the merger.

AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS

      On September 25, 2002, the officers and directors of SLT entered into
affiliate agreements, pursuant to which, among other things, they agreed not to
sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of any PhotoMedex common stock they
receive in the merger, except pursuant to:

      -     an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
            covering the resale of those shares;

      -     an exemption under Rule 145 under the Securities Act (or Rule 144
            under the Securities Act, if these persons are or become affiliates
            of PhotoMedex); or

      -     any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

A copy of the form of affiliate agreement is attached as Annex E to this proxy
statement/prospectus and incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by
reference.

PROXIES; VOTING AND REVOCATION

      All shares of SLT common stock represented by properly executed proxy
cards received in time for the special meeting will be voted at the special
meeting in the manner specified in such proxies. Shares of SLT common stock
represented by properly executed proxy cards that do not contain voting
instructions with respect to approval of the merger and adoption of the merger
agreement will be voted "FOR" approval of the merger and adoption of the merger
agreement.

      You may revoke or change your proxy at any time prior to its being voted
by filing a written instrument of revocation or change with the corporate
secretary of SLT. You may also revoke your proxy by filing a duly executed proxy
bearing a later date or by appearing at the special meeting in person, notifying
the corporate secretary and voting by ballot at the special meeting. If you
attend the special meeting, you may vote in person whether or not you have
previously given a proxy, but your presence at the special meeting, without
notifying the corporate secretary of SLT, will not revoke a previously given
proxy. In addition, if you beneficially hold shares of SLT common stock that are
not registered in your own name, you will need additional documentation from the
record holder of such shares to attend and vote the shares personally at the
special meeting. For further information on how to vote your shares, please
contact Davis Woodward, Vice President, Finance, Surgical Laser Technologies,
Inc., at (215) 619-3278.

SOLICITATION OF PROXIES

      Proxies will be solicited through the mail and directly by officers,
directors and employees of SLT not specifically employed for such purpose,
without additional compensation. In addition to solicitation by mail, SLT's
directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies by telephone, fax, and
telegram, via the Internet or in person. SLT will reimburse banks, brokerage
houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable
expenses in forwarding these proxy materials to the principals. SLT will bear
the cost of soliciting proxies from SLT stockholders, except that each of SLT
and PhotoMedex has agreed to pay one-half of the cost of filing, printing and
mailing this proxy statement/prospectus and related proxy materials.

                                   THE MERGER

      This section of the proxy statement/prospectus and the next section
entitled "The Merger Agreement" beginning on page 49 describe the proposed
merger. Although PhotoMedex and SLT believe that the description in this section
covers the material terms of the merger and the related transactions, this
summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You
should carefully read the entire proxy statement/prospectus and the other
documents we refer to or incorporate by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus for a more complete understanding of the merger.

GENERAL

      The merger agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger, J
Merger Corp., Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of PhotoMedex, will merge with and
into SLT, with SLT continuing in existence as the surviving corporation. Each
share of SLT common stock issued and outstanding at the effective time of the
merger will be converted into 1.12 shares of PhotoMedex common stock, with cash
being paid in lieu of fractional shares of PhotoMedex common stock. Upon
completion of the merger, SLT will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of PhotoMedex
and market trading of SLT common stock will cease.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

      As part of its long-term strategy to increase stockholder value, SLT's
board of directors and management have, from time to time, considered various
strategic transactions with other companies, as well as other strategic
alternatives, including remaining a public company and the possibility of
acquisition or mergers with other companies.

      As part of this strategy, in April 2002, Richard J. DePiano, Chairman of
SLT's board of directors and a director of PhotoMedex, met with Jeffery F.
O'Donnell, the President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of
PhotoMedex. Although SLT and PhotoMedex entered into a Mutual Confidentiality
Agreement on April 18, 2002 prior to such meeting, the meeting consisted solely
of preliminary discussion regarding a potential transaction between SLT and
PhotoMedex. No further discussions or information exchanges followed the
meeting.

      At its regular quarterly meeting on July 16, 2002, the SLT board of
directors again discussed the strategic alternatives available to SLT and
recommended that management more actively pursue strategic alternatives,
including potential business combination transactions that would provide greater
value for SLT's stockholders. Mr. DePiano reported to the SLT board of directors
that PhotoMedex would be interested in holding exploratory discussions about a
potential business combination. Following the meeting, Mr. DePiano introduced
Michael R. Stewart, SLT's President and Chief Executive Officer, to Mr.
O'Donnell. Mr. DePiano subsequently recused himself from voting on any matters
relating to the proposed transaction.

      PhotoMedex regularly reviews its strategic alternatives with respect to
growing its business through the expansion of its core technologies and service
offerings.

      On July 24, 2002, Mr. Stewart, together with Davis Woodward, SLT's Vice
President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, met with Mr. O'Donnell and
Dennis M. McGrath, PhotoMedex's Vice President, Finance and Administration and
Chief Financial Officer. During this meeting, each party presented an overview
of its business and discussed the potential synergies between the two companies.

      On July 31, 2002, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the board of
directors by teleconference, Mr. O'Donnell and Mr. McGrath made a presentation
to the board of directors of PhotoMedex regarding their discussions with
management of SLT with respect to a potential acquisition of SLT by PhotoMedex.
Mr. DePiano, a member of the PhotoMedex board of directors, stated that he also
is the chairman of the board of directors of SLT, and agreed to abstain from
participation in the discussions regarding SLT. The board authorized management
to continue further discussions with management of SLT about a potential
acquisition and to conduct further due diligence on SLT and examine the
desirability of proceeding with negotiations on such a transaction.

      On August 1, 2002, PhotoMedex delivered to SLT a proposed term sheet and
non-solicitation agreement regarding a potential business combination
transaction. From this date through the end of August 2002, management of SLT
and PhotoMedex, with the advice of their respective counsel, engaged in a series
of discussions to assess whether there was a

common understanding regarding the proposed terms of a proposed business
combination transaction that would justify incurring the expense of proceeding
to negotiate a definitive agreement with respect to the transaction. As part of
these discussions, each party also conducted a preliminary financial due
diligence investigation of the other. During the course of these discussions,
the parties agreed that any non-solicitation obligations would be set forth only
in a definitive agreement.

      On August 27, 2002, the SLT board of directors held a meeting at which
representatives of Duane Morris LLP and Mr. Woodward were also present to
discuss the preliminary terms set forth in the term sheet. The board of
directors advised SLT management of their views regarding the preliminary terms
set forth in the draft term sheet.

      On August 28-29, 2002, management of SLT and PhotoMedex discussed the
positions expressed by SLT's board of directors and reached a proposed
resolution of those issues.

      On August 30, 2002, the SLT board of directors held a meeting at which a
representative of Duane Morris LLP and Mr. Woodward were present to review the
proposed modifications to the preliminary terms of the proposed business
combination transaction. Based on the discussion at the meeting, the board of
directors authorized SLT management to proceed with the negotiation of a
definitive agreement for a business combination transaction.

      On August 30, 2002, the PhotoMedex board of directors also met by
teleconference. Mr. DePiano did not participate in the meeting. Mr. O'Donnell
presented a preliminary overview of his discussions with management of SLT about
the possibility of PhotoMedex's acquisition of SLT. Mr. O'Donnell presented an
overview of SLT, reasons why SLT would be an acquisition candidate and potential
deal structures and costs related to a proposed acquisition. After discussion,
the board of directors directed PhotoMedex's management and legal advisors to
proceed with negotiations with SLT.

      On September 4, 2002, PhotoMedex and SLT entered into a Mutual
Confidentiality Agreement to supplement the April 2002 agreement in light of the
significantly expanded scope of the due diligence investigations that were soon
to commence.

      On August 26, 2002, counsel for PhotoMedex had forwarded a draft of a
merger agreement to SLT and its counsel. From September 4, 2002 through
September 24, 2002, SLT, PhotoMedex and their respective counsel negotiated the
terms of the merger agreement. During this period, counsel for PhotoMedex
circulated several drafts of the merger agreement as the negotiations proceeded.
On September 9, 2002, Mr. Woodward and counsel for SLT and PhotoMedex held a
conference call to discuss a number of issues relating to the draft agreement.

      On September 19-20, 2002, senior management and counsel for both SLT and
PhotoMedex participated in a series of conference calls in an effort to resolve
the remaining material issues with respect to the merger agreement.

      From September 21, 2002 through September 23, 2002, counsel for PhotoMedex
and SLT, together with Mr. Woodward, engaged in a series of negotiations that
led to a revised draft merger agreement being circulated by counsel for
PhotoMedex on September 23, 2002.

      Concurrently with the negotiation of the draft merger agreement,
management and counsel for PhotoMedex conducted a due diligence investigation of
SLT while management and counsel for SLT conducted a comparable investigation of
PhotoMedex. During these investigations, each party provided extensive
documentation to the other and both parties and their counsel participated in
numerous telephone conferences.

      On September 13, 2002, SLT authorized Investec Inc. to analyze the
proposed transaction for purposes of delivering an opinion as to the fairness of
the consideration to be received by the SLT stockholders from a financial point
of view. Investec then proceeded to conduct its own due diligence investigation
and financial analysis of both SLT and PhotoMedex.

      On September 24, 2002, the PhotoMedex board of directors met by
teleconference. Mr. DePiano left the meeting before any of the discussion took
place regarding the proposed merger. The board of directors received an update
from Mr. O'Donnell and Mr. McGrath, and a representative of Luce, Forward,
Hamilton & Scripps LLP, counsel to PhotoMedex, on the terms of the definitive
agreements that had been negotiated with SLT. At the meeting, a representative
of Luce, Forward, Hamilton & Scripps LLP reviewed the fiduciary duties of the
board of directors applicable to transactions of this type and reviewed the
material terms of the merger agreement and related agreements with the board.
The board reviewed the terms of the proposed merger and determined that the
proposed merger with SLT was in the best interests of PhotoMedex and its

stockholders. By unanimous vote of the directors present, the board of directors
of PhotoMedex approved the merger and the transactions contemplated in the
merger agreement and directed the officers of PhotoMedex to execute the merger
agreement and the related agreements.

      In the evening of September 24, 2002, the SLT board of directors held a
meeting at which Mr. Woodward and representatives of Duane Morris LLP and
Investec Inc. were also present. All of the SLT directors were present, except
for Mr. DePiano. Representatives of Duane Morris LLP reviewed with the board of
directors the terms of the draft merger agreement, including the stockholder and
affiliate agreements to which each director and officer would be a party and the
employment agreements being finalized with Messrs. Stewart and Woodward.
Representatives of Duane Morris LLP also reviewed the SLT board of directors'
fiduciary duties and other legal principles applicable to consideration of the
proposed merger. Mr. Stewart reviewed with the board of directors management's
recommendation of the proposed merger and the reasons supporting that
recommendation. Representatives of Investec Inc. then reviewed with the board of
directors the financial analyses and due diligence they had performed with
respect to the parties and the proposed transaction and advised the board of
directors that, in the opinion of Investec Inc., the consideration to be
received by the SLT stockholders in the proposed merger was fair, from a
financial point of view, to the SLT stockholders. The Investec Inc.
representatives delivered a written opinion to the SLT board of directors
confirming this conclusion.

      The SLT board of directors discussed the proposed merger and the directors
present unanimously approved the merger agreement, the merger and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby and resolved to recommend
that the SLT stockholders approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the
merger.

      During the day of September 25, 2002, the parties agreed to minor changes
in the merger agreement and the related agreements and made minor changes to the
disclosure schedules attached to the merger agreement. In the evening of
September 25, 2002, the parties signed the merger agreement and the directors
and officers of SLT signed the stockholder and affiliate agreements. Before the
opening of the stock market on September 26, 2002, PhotoMedex and SLT made a
joint public announcement of the transaction.

SLT'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

      The directors present at the SLT board of directors meeting held on
September 24, 2002 unanimously concluded that the merger was in the best
interests of SLT's stockholders and approved the merger agreement and the
merger. As noted above, Mr. DePiano was the only SLT director who did not attend
the meeting at which the merger agreement was considered and approved.

      In reaching its decision, the SLT board of directors consulted with SLT
management, Duane Morris LLP and Investec Inc. and focused primarily on the
strategic business benefits of the merger, including the following:

      -     because PhotoMedex uses a business model similar to the model SLT
            uses, the merger should allow the combined company to accelerate the
            geographical expansion of its contract services model for a broader
            range of applications more rapidly and successfully than SLT had
            been able and anticipated being able to do as a standalone company;

      -     PhotoMedex's presence in the dermatology market presents a more
            significant growth opportunity than SLT's existing markets;

      -     the combination of the senior management of SLT and PhotoMedex
            should allow complementary skills to strengthen the overall
            management team;

      -     the merger should provide significant short term cost savings and
            provide the opportunity for additional longer term cost
            efficiencies, thus providing additional cash flow for operations;

      -     expansion of the contract services business model within the larger
            combined potential market should enhance the combined company's
            ability to raise capital and grow through additional acquisitions;
            and

      -     through the PhotoMedex common stock to be issued in the merger, the
            SLT stockholders will have the opportunity to benefit from any
            appreciation in the value of the PhotoMedex common stock resulting
            from

            the combination and continuation of the existing business of SLT and
            PhotoMedex and the strategic benefits and operating and other
            synergies related to the merger.

In addition to these strategic considerations, the board of directors also
considered a number of other factors, including the following:

      -     the PhotoMedex common stock to be issued in the merger to SLT's
            stockholders is traded on The Nasdaq National Market, will represent
            approximately 8.4% of the outstanding PhotoMedex common stock after
            the merger and, subject to restrictions under applicable securities
            law on SLT affiliates and the holders of certain SLT warrants to be
            assumed by PhotoMedex in connection with the merger, will be freely
            tradable after the merger, thereby enhancing liquidity for the SLT
            stockholders;

      -     the expectation that the merger should qualify as a tax-free
            reorganization;

      -     the opinion of Investec Inc. dated as of the date of the meeting
            that, as of such date, the consideration to be received by SLT's
            stockholders in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view,
            to the SLT stockholders, together with the financial presentation of
            Investec Inc. representatives in connection with the delivery of the
            opinion;

      -     the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding SLT
            common stock will be required to complete the merger;

      -     dissenters' rights will be available to SLT stockholders under
            Delaware law;

      -     apart from the approval by SLT stockholders, completion of the
            merger does not require any material consents or approvals;

      -     the merger agreement permits SLT to respond meaningfully to
            unsolicited third party proposals for alternative transactions:
            specifically, if the SLT board of directors receives an unsolicited
            offer prior to SLT stockholder approval of the merger that the board
            of directors determines in good faith in the exercise of its
            fiduciary duties would result in a transaction more favorable to
            SLT's stockholders than the merger (after considering all the terms
            and conditions of the offer and the likelihood and timing of its
            consummation), the board of directors may provide information to and
            negotiate with the offeror and, provided SLT gives PhotoMedex at
            least three days notice, terminate the merger agreement upon payment
            of a $250,000 fee and reimburse PhotoMedex for its expenses in an
            amount not to exceed $250,000 and enter into the alternative
            transaction;

      -     the potential differing interests of the directors and officers of
            SLT compared to the interests of the SLT stockholders in the merger
            as a result of the provisions in the merger agreement and the
            agreements referenced in the merger agreement regarding the
            continuation of indemnification for the directors and officers of
            SLT and the employment arrangements for Messrs. Stewart and Woodward
            and as a result of the fact that Mr. DePiano will continue to serve
            as a director of PhotoMedex after the merger;

      -     historical information concerning the business, financial condition,
            results of operations, technology, competitive position, industry
            trends and prospects for both SLT and PhotoMedex;

      -     current and historical market data with respect to the trading of
            SLT and PhotoMedex common stock;

      -     the due diligence investigation conducted by SLT management and its
            counsel concerning PhotoMedex;

      -     based on closing market prices on the date prior to the SLT board
            meeting, the value of the PhotoMedex common stock to be received by
            the SLT stockholders in the merger represented a 41% premium to the
            value of the SLT common stock;

      -     based on SLT's historical efforts to pursue alternative transactions
            and familiarity with the companies in its industry, SLT management
            did not believe SLT would be able to complete a transaction that
            would provide the same or greater value to SLT stockholders within a
            reasonable time frame;

      -     the loss of control by SLT stockholders over the future operations
            of the combined company;

      -     the possibility that the merger may not be consummated or that the
            integration of the two companies' operations could take longer and
            be less successful than anticipated;

      -     the risk that the potential benefits of the merger might not be
            achieved and that PhotoMedex's cash requirements could adversely
            affect the operations of the combined company; and

      -     based on the closing market price of SLT and PhotoMedex common stock
            on the date prior to the board meeting, the value to be received by
            the SLT stockholders in the merger was approximately 44% of SLT's
            book value per share.

      The foregoing discussion of the information and factors discussed and
considered by the SLT board of directors is not meant to be exhaustive, but
includes the material factors considered by the board of directors to support
its decision to approve the merger agreement and the merger and to determine
that the transactions contemplated thereby are fair to, and in the best
interests of, SLT and its stockholders. In view of the wide variety of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, the board of
directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
assign relative weight to the individual factors considered in reaching its
determinations. In considering the factors listed above, the SLT board of
directors believes that these factors as a whole supported its determination.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE SLT BOARD

      Taking into account all of the material facts, matters and information,
including those described above, the SLT board of directors believes that the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are
advisable and fair to and in the best interests of SLT and its stockholders. THE
SLT BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT SLT'S STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL OF
THE MERGER AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

PHOTOMEDEX'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

      The PhotoMedex board has approved the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, has deemed the merger advisable and has
determined that the terms of the merger and the merger agreement are fair and in
the best interests of PhotoMedex and its stockholders. During the course of its
deliberations, the PhotoMedex board considered, with the assistance of
management and its financial and other advisors, a number of business,
financial, legal and other factors. In view of the wide variety of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger and the complexity of
these matters, the PhotoMedex board of directors found it impracticable to, and
did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to factors considered. In
addition, the PhotoMedex board of directors did not reach any specific
conclusion with respect to each of the factors considered, or any aspect of any
particular factor. Instead, the PhotoMedex board conducted an overall analysis
of the factors considered, including thorough discussions with and questioning
of PhotoMedex's management and its legal advisors.

OPINION OF SLT'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

      GENERAL

      SLT retained Investec Inc. as its financial advisor to assist its
management and its board of directors in considering valuation, financial and
other matters relating to the merger.

      The SLT board of directors retained Investec based upon Investec's
qualifications, experience and expertise in investment banking. As part of
Investec's investment banking business, it is regularly engaged in the valuation
of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers, acquisitions,
divestitures, restructurings, recapitalizations, underwritings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for corporate and other purposes.

      You should be aware, and in retaining Investec the SLT board of directors
considered, that Investec and its affiliates have provided, and may in the
future provide, financial and investment banking services to PhotoMedex
unrelated to the merger for which it has received, and expects to receive,
compensation, and that Investec and certain of its principals and employees
collectively own or have the right to acquire approximately 700,000 shares, or
approximately 2.5%, of the PhotoMedex common stock and, therefore, may have
certain conflicts of interest in the proposed merger. In the ordinary course of
its business, Investec and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity
securities of both SLT and PhotoMedex for their own accounts and for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in such securities.

      In connection with Investec's engagement, SLT requested that Investec
evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of SLT
common stock, of the consideration to be received by such stockholders pursuant
to the terms of the merger agreement. At the SLT board of directors meeting held
on September 24, 2002, Investec rendered its written opinion that, as of
September 24, 2002 and based upon and subject to the various assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and limits of review as set forth in its
opinion, the consideration to be received by holders of SLT common stock in the
merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to those stockholders.

      THE FULL TEXT OF THE WRITTEN OPINION OF INVESTEC, DATED SEPTEMBER 24,
2002, IS ATTACHED HERETO AS ANNEX B. THE OPINION SETS FORTH, AMONG OTHER THINGS,
THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON
THE SCOPE OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY INVESTEC IN RENDERING ITS OPINION. WE URGE
YOU TO READ THE ENTIRE OPINION CAREFULLY. INVESTEC'S OPINION IS DIRECTED TO THE
SLT BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND ADDRESSES ONLY THE FAIRNESS OF THE CONSIDERATION,
FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, TO HOLDERS OF SLT COMMON STOCK AS OF THE DATE OF
THE OPINION. INVESTEC'S OPINION DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE MERGER
AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY HOLDER OF SLT COMMON STOCK AS TO
ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER. THIS SUMMARY IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF INVESTEC'S OPINION.

      In arriving at its opinion, Investec, among other things:

      -     reviewed the merger agreement and certain other related agreements;

      -     reviewed certain publicly available business and financial
            information and stock market data relating to SLT and PhotoMedex;

      -     reviewed certain other information provided to it by or discussed
            with SLT, including financial forecasts prepared by each of SLT and
            PhotoMedex, and discussed with SLT's management the business and
            prospects of SLT;

      -     considered certain financial and stock market data of SLT, and
            compared those data with similar data for other publicly held
            companies in businesses deemed similar to those of SLT;

      -     considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
            certain other business combinations and other transactions which
            have recently been effected or announced; and

      -     considered such other information, financial studies, analyses and
            investigations and financial, economic and market criteria which
            Investec deemed relevant.

      SLT did not impose any limitations on the scope of Investec's
investigations or the procedures to be followed by Investec in rendering its
opinion. In its review and analysis and in formulating its opinion, Investec
relied upon and assumed, without independent verification, the accuracy and
completeness of all of the financial and other information publicly available or
provided to it. With respect to the financial forecasts, projections and other
information provided to it, Investec assumed that those financial forecasts,
projections and other information were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting
the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments, at the time, of
senior management of the future competitive, operating and regulatory
environments and the related financial performance of SLT and PhotoMedex.
Investec expresses no opinion as to those financial forecasts, projections and
other information or the assumptions on which they were based.

      Investec has not made nor been provided with an independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities of SLT. Investec has not reviewed the
books and records of SLT nor made a physical inspection of its properties or
assets. Investec assumed that the executed version of the merger agreement would
not differ in any material respect from the last

draft it reviewed and that the merger would be consummated in accordance with
the terms of the merger agreement, without modification or waiver of any
material terms.

      In arriving at its opinion, Investec did not ascribe a specific range of
values to SLT, but rather made its determination as to fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by the holders of
SLT common stock in the merger on the basis of the financial and comparative
analyses summarized below. Investec was not requested to, and did not, solicit
third party indications of interest in acquiring all or any part of SLT. The
Investec opinion did not address the relative merits of the merger as compared
to other business strategies that might be available to SLT, nor did it address
the underlying business decision to engage in the merger. Although Investec
evaluated the consideration to be received by the holders of common stock of SLT
in the merger from a financial point of view, Investec was not requested to, and
did not, recommend the specific consideration or the form of consideration to be
received in the merger, which consideration was determined in arm's-length
negotiations between SLT and PhotoMedex. Investec did not provide advice to SLT
during these negotiations.

      The preparation of a fairness opinion involves various determinations as
to the most appropriate and relevant method of financial and comparative
analysis and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances.
Consequently, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to summary
description. Investec believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole
and that considering any portions of those analyses and factors without
considering all of them could create a misleading or incomplete view of the
process underlying its opinion.

      No company, transaction or business used in Investec's analyses as a
comparison is directly comparable to SLT, PhotoMedex or the proposed merger, and
an evaluation of the results of those analyses is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
merger or the other values of the companies, business segments or transactions
being analyzed. The estimates contained in Investec's analyses and the ranges of
valuations resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative
of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by the analyses. The
analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
businesses actually may be sold.

      Investec's opinion and presentation to the SLT board of directors was one
of many factors taken into consideration by the SLT board of directors in its
evaluation of the proposed transaction. Consequently, the analysis described
herein should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the SLT board of
directors or SLT's management with respect to the value of SLT or with respect
to the merger or the consideration in the merger.

      The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Investec in connection with the preparation of its opinion letter, dated as of
September 24, 2002. Some of these summaries of financial analyses include
information presented in tabular format. In order to understand fully the
financial analyses used by Investec, the tables must be read together with the
text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description
of the financial analyses. Considering the data set forth below in the tables
without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses,
including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could
create a misleading or incomplete view of Investec's financial analyses.

      IMPLIED TRANSACTION VALUE

      Under the merger agreement, PhotoMedex will issue 1.12 shares of its
common stock for each outstanding share of SLT common stock. Based on a
PhotoMedex per share price of $1.18 as of September 23, 2002, 2,607,320
additional PhotoMedex shares will be issued to SLT common stockholders at an
equity purchase price of $3.08 million, or $1.32 per share of SLT. The total
enterprise value ("TEV") of this transaction is calculated as $4.01 million
after adding back SLT's net debt (total debt minus cash & equivalents), as of
June 30, 2002 in the amount of $0.94 million to the implied equity value.

      STOCK PRICE HISTORY

      The price per common share contemplated in the merger agreement was
compared to the historical market price per common share of SLT.

      COMPARABLE COMPANIES ANALYSIS

      Investec compared selected financial information of SLT with publicly
available information of selected comparable companies. These companies were
selected because, like SLT, they are primarily involved in the medical laser
instrumentation and/or medical instrumentation development and services
businesses, and most have market capitalizations under $100 million.
Specifically, the comparable companies considered by Investec included:

      -     Candela Corporation

      -     Coherent, Inc.

      -     Diomed Holdings, Inc.

      -     Escalon Medical Corp.

      -     IRIDEX Corporation

      -     Laser Corporation

      -     Lumenis Ltd.

      -     Palomar Medical Technologies, Inc.

      -     Paradigm Medical Industries, Inc.

      -     Trimedyne, Inc.

      Investec considered valuation ratios that were based on multiples of the
comparable companies' TEV to trailing twelve months ("TTM") revenue and earnings
before interest, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"). Investec applied the
group's high, low and median multiples of TEV/TTM Revenue and TEV/TTM EBITDA to
SLT's TTM revenue and EBITDA, and then netted out debt in the amount of $2.96
million and added back cash and marketable securities in the amount of $2.03
million to calculate an implied equity value reference range and median value.
Implied per share considerations were calculated by dividing the implied equity
values by 2.33 million shares outstanding, as of August 2, 2002, as reported in
SLT's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002. The
results of this analysis are summarized below:

                       IMPLIED PER SHARE EQUITY               MEDIAN PER SHARE
                    REFERENCE RANGE CONSIDERATION           EQUITY CONSIDERATION
                    -----------------------------           --------------------

TEV/TTM Revenue            $1.54 - $5.70                         $2.93
TEV/TTM EBITDA             $0.72 - $1.51                         $0.79

      This analysis was performed using stock prices as of September 23, 2002
and the shares outstanding as of each comparable company's most recent reported
quarter.

      Investec noted that the implied consideration of $1.32 per share under the
merger agreement is below the range of implied considerations determined by the
revenue multiple. The fact that the transaction consideration of $1.32 per share
is lower than the implied per share equity value based on the median revenue
multiple, in this instance, did not alter Investec's overall opinion as to the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to holders of SLT
common stock, since no company included in the peer group is identical to SLT.
In selecting and evaluating the comparable companies, Investec made judgments
and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions, and other matters. Because of the inherent
differences between the business, operations, financial condition and prospects
of SLT and those of the selected comparable companies, Investec believed it was
inappropriate to, and, therefore, did not rely solely on the quantitative
results of the Comparable Company Analysis. Investec's opinion was based on a
range of analyses, each of which was given different weight based on Investec's
judgment.

      PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS: MULTIPLES ANALYSIS

      The precedent transaction valuation analysis provides a benchmark based on
the consideration paid in selected comparable transactions. For this analysis,
Investec compared financial statistics from publicly available information for
selected transactions to the relevant financial statistics for the acquisition
of SLT by PhotoMedex. These transactions were selected because they, like this
transaction, involve companies in the medical instrumentation development and
services business. Investec reviewed and analyzed selected transactions that
were completed between December 1999 and September 23, 2002:

Close              BUYER                                   SELLER: UNIT
- -----------        -------------------------------         ------------------------------------

04-Jul-2002        Instrumentarium Corp.                   Spacelabs Medical, Inc.
19-Mar-2002        Planar Systems, Inc.                    DOME Imaging Systems Inc.
11-Feb-2002        Encore Medical Corporation              Chattanooga Group, Inc.
07-Sep-2001        Cantel Medical Corp.                    Minntech Corporation
30-Apr-2001        ESC Medical Systems Ltd.                Coherent Inc.: Medical Group
09-Jul-2001        Emergent Group Inc.                     Medical Resources Management. Inc.
10-Nov-2000        Hologic, Inc.                           Thermo Electron Corporation
01-Jun-2000        Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.       Surgical Innovations & Services Inc.
21-Dec-1999        Angeion Corporation                     Medical Graphics Corporation

      For this analysis, Investec reviewed publicly available information to
determine the purchase prices and multiples paid in the comparable transactions.
Investec considered the acquisition multiple of TEV to revenue and TEV to
EBITDA. After applying the high, low and median multiples to SLT's TTM revenue
and EBITDA, Investec subtracted debt and added back cash and marketable
securities, a net amount of $0.94 million, to calculate an implied equity value
reference range and median consideration per multiple. The results of this
analysis are summarized below.

                             IMPLIED PER SHARE EQUITY           MEDIAN PER SHARE
                          REFERENCE RANGE CONSIDERATION       EQUITY CONSIDERATION
                          -----------------------------       --------------------

TEV/TTM Revenue                   $1.01 - $8.05                   $3.12
TEV/TTM EBITDA                    $0.46 - $2.02                   $0.53

      Investec noted that the consideration of $1.32 per share under the merger
agreement is within the range of implied considerations determined by the
revenue and EBITDA multiples. Investec also noted that the transaction
consideration of $1.32 per share is higher than the implied equity value
based on the median EBITDA multiple. The fact that the transaction consideration
of $1.32 per share is lower than the implied equity value based on median
revenue multiple, in this instance, did not alter Investec's overall opinion as
to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to holders
of SLT common stock.

      PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS: PREMIUMS PAID ANALYSIS

      Investec reviewed available premiums for the selected transactions and
calculated the median premium on several dates prior to announcement of the
transactions. The median value of each of these premiums was applied to SLT's
closing share price of $0.94, as of September 23, 2002, and then multiplied by
SLT's current shares outstanding to derive an equity value. This analysis
indicated the following:

                            IMPLIED PER SHARE EQUITY           MEDIAN PER SHARE
                          REFERENCE RANGE CONSIDERATION       EQUITY CONSIDERATION
                          -----------------------------       --------------------

1 Day Premium                    $1.04 - $1.30                      $1.14
5 Day Premium                    $1.06 - $1.40                      $1.23
30 Day Premium                   $1.12 - $1.24                      $1.17

      Investec noted that the consideration of $1.32 per share under the merger
agreement is above the ranges of implied consideration determined by the one-day
and 30-day premiums and within the range of implied consideration determined
by the five-day premium.

      No transaction included in the comparable transactions analysis is
identical to the acquisition of SLT by PhotoMedex. Investec made judgments and
assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters. Many of these matters are
beyond the control of SLT, such as the impact of competition on the business of
SLT, industry growth and the absence of any material adverse changes in the
financial condition and prospects of SLT, the medical instrumentation industry
or the financial markets in general.

      DISCOUNTED CASH FLOW ANALYSIS

      Investec performed a discounted cash flow analysis of SLT to calculate the
estimated present value of the unlevered free cash flows that SLT could generate
over fiscal years 2002 through 2004. Estimated financial data for SLT were based
on internal estimates of SLT's management. Investec applied a 17.11% discount
rate in its analysis, which was based on the inherent risk of the business
enterprise. The discount rate was arrived at by:

      -     assuming a current five-year risk free rate of return of 4.25%;

      -     taking the risk premium for equity companies (7.09%) times the
            estimated average equity beta for SLT's comparable companies (0.86);

      -     applying a 10% premium for micro-cap companies;

      -     identifying cost of debt as the current rate on SLT's line of credit
            as per the June 30, 2002 financial statements; and

      -     considering the average capital structure of the public comparable
            companies listed above.

      Investec utilized a terminal value multiple of 5.0 times free cash flow
for 2004. The sum of the present value of the cash flows and the present value
of the terminal value provided the enterprise value. To arrive at a per share
equity value, cash on the books was added and carried debt was subtracted from
the enterprise value (as described above in the Comparable Company Analysis),
and then divided by 2.33 million shares outstanding as of August 2, 2002:

                                            IMPLIED PER SHARE
                                           EQUITY CONSIDERATION
                                           --------------------

NPV                                               $2.61

      Investec noted that the consideration of $1.32 per share implied by the
merger agreement is below the implied consideration determined by discounted
cash flow analysis. The fact that the transaction consideration of $1.32 per
share is less than the discounted cash flow analysis in this instance did not
alter Investec's overall opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the consideration to holders of SLT common stock. Investec's opinion is
based on a range of analyses, each of which was given different weight based on
Investec's judgment.

      PRO FORMA MERGER ANALYSIS

      Investec analyzed certain pro forma effects projected to result from the
transaction, assuming PhotoMedex acquires 100% of SLT and that planned
synergistic pre-tax cost savings are realized on the forecasted operating income
of the combined companies. Management of SLT advised Investec that the
transaction will be accounted for as a purchase under generally accepted
accounting principles. This analysis indicated that the transaction would be
accretive to the EPS of PhotoMedex for fiscal years 2003 and 2004.

      OTHER CONSIDERATIONS

      Investec considered employing other methodologies in its valuation of SLT,
but chose to use only those methodologies listed above for several reasons.
Several unique characteristics of SLT render some analyses, such as a leveraged
buyout analysis, less insightful in developing a valuation. The factors include:

      -     small size of this closely held public entity, which would make a
            leveraged buyout of SLT impractical; and

      -     the high debt structure and illiquidity of stock might reduce the
            attractiveness of SLT to other potential suitors.

      OPINION OF INVESTEC INC.

      The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and,
consequently, a fairness opinion is not easily summarized. Investec believes
that selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all of its
analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion.
In addition, Investec has given various analyses and factors more or less
weight than other analyses and factors, and may have deemed various assumptions
more or less probable than other assumptions. As a result, the ranges of
considerations resulting from any particular analysis described above should not
be taken to be Investec's view of the actual value of SLT. In performing its
analyses, Investec made numerous assumptions with respect to industry
performance, general business and economic conditions and other matters. Many of
these matters are beyond the control of SLT and any estimates contained in
Investec's analyses are not necessarily indicative of future results or actual
values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested
by such estimates.

      Investec conducted the analyses described above solely as part of its
analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration
to be received by holders of SLT common stock in the merger and its delivery of
the fairness opinion to the SLT board of directors. These analyses do not
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which SLT might actually be
sold.

      In connection with Investec's engagement, SLT requested that Investec
evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of SLT
common stock of the consideration to be received in the merger. Under the terms
of an engagement letter, dated September 13, 2002, between SLT and Investec, SLT
agreed to pay Investec a fee of $75,000 for rendering its fairness opinion,
which fee was earned and payable upon the date of delivery of the opinion. In
addition to the above-described compensation, SLT agreed to reimburse Investec
for all of its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its
engagement and to indemnify Investec and its affiliates and their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees against liabilities and expenses,
including liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or arising
out of Investec's engagement.

      Investec has consented to the description of its opinion in, and the
inclusion of its opinion as an appendix to, this proxy statement/prospectus.

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

      GENERAL

      The following is a summary discussion addressing the material U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the merger generally applicable to SLT stockholders
who hold their shares of SLT common stock as capital assets at the effective
time of the merger and who exchange their shares for shares of PhotoMedex common
stock and, as applicable, cash in lieu of fractional shares of PhotoMedex common
stock in the merger. The discussion set forth below does not address all U.S.
federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to SLT stockholders in
light of their particular circumstances, and does not apply to SLT stockholders
that are subject to special rules under U.S. federal income tax laws, such as:

      -     foreign persons;

      -     financial institutions, insurance companies, mutual funds, dealers
            in securities or foreign currencies, tax-exempt organizations and
            stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax;

      -     stockholders who hold SLT common stock as part of a hedge, straddle,
            constructive sale or conversion transaction, or other risk reduction
            arrangement;

      -     stockholders who acquired their SLT common stock through stock
            option or stock purchase programs or otherwise as compensation; and

      -     stockholders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.

      In addition, this discussion does not consider the tax treatment of SLT
stockholders that hold their SLT shares through a partnership or other
pass-through entity and it does not address the tax consequences of the merger
under foreign, state or local tax laws or U.S. federal estate tax laws.

      SLT stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the
tax consequences of the merger to them based on their own circumstances,
including the application and effect of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign
tax laws.

      The following discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, applicable Treasury Regulations, judicial decisions and administrative
rulings and practice, all as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, all
of which are subject to change. Any such change could be applied retroactively
and could affect the accuracy of the statements and conclusions set forth in
this discussion and the tax consequences of the merger to PhotoMedex, SLT and/or
their respective stockholders. The following discussion is not binding on the
Internal Revenue Service.

      Neither PhotoMedex nor SLT has requested nor will either request a ruling
from the Internal Revenue Service with regard to any of the tax consequences of
the merger. SLT has received from Duane Morris LLP, counsel to SLT, an opinion
that, as of the effective time of the merger:

      -     the merger will constitute a "reorganization" within the meaning of
            Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

      -     each of PhotoMedex, SLT and J Merger Corp., Inc., will be treated as
            a party to the reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b)
            of the Internal Revenue Code.

      It is a condition to the consummation of the merger that Duane Morris LLP
renders such opinion. The opinion is based upon the assumption that the merger
will take place in the manner described in the merger agreement, and also
assumes the truth and accuracy of certain factual representations made by
PhotoMedex and SLT which are customarily given in transactions of this kind.

      Based on the assumption that the merger will constitute a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, and subject
to the limitations and qualifications set forth in this discussion, the
following U.S. federal income tax consequences will result from the merger:

      -     an SLT stockholder will not recognize gain or loss on the exchange
            of SLT common stock for PhotoMedex common stock pursuant to the
            merger, except with respect to fractional shares, as discussed
            below;

      -     the tax basis of PhotoMedex stock received by an SLT stockholder in
            the merger, including any fractional share interest for which cash
            is received, will be equal to the tax basis of the SLT common stock
            exchanged therefor;

      -     the holding period of the PhotoMedex common stock received by an SLT
            stockholder in the merger, including any fractional shares deemed
            received, will include the holding period of the SLT common stock
            surrendered therefor; and

      -     PhotoMedex, SLT or J Merger Corp., Inc. will recognize no gain or
            loss as a result of the merger.

      Opinions of counsel are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the
courts. As a result, neither PhotoMedex nor SLT can assure you that the
conclusions contained in this discussion or in the opinion of counsel will not
be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service or sustained by a court if
challenged. If the Internal Revenue Service were to assert successfully that the
merger is not a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code, then each SLT stockholder would be required to recognize
gain or loss equal to the difference between: (i) the sum of the fair market
value of the PhotoMedex common stock received in the exchange, plus the amount
of any cash received in lieu of any fractional shares, and (ii) the
stockholder's tax basis in the SLT stock surrendered therefor. In such event, an
SLT stockholder's tax basis in the PhotoMedex common stock received would be
equal to its fair market value at the effective time of the merger, and the
stockholder's holding period for the PhotoMedex common stock would begin on the
day after the merger. The gain or loss recognized would be long-term capital
gain or loss if the SLT stockholder's holding period for the SLT common stock
was more than one year.

      CASH INSTEAD OF FRACTIONAL SHARES

      Each SLT stockholder who receives cash in lieu of a fractional share of
PhotoMedex common stock in the merger will be treated as having received the
fractional share interest in the merger and as having received cash in
redemption of such fractional share interest. An SLT stockholder who receives
cash instead of a fractional share of PhotoMedex common stock generally should
recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between: (i) the
amount of cash received instead of a fractional share, and (ii) the portion of
the stockholder's basis in its SLT stock that is allocated to the fractional
share. Such gain or loss should be capital gain or loss, and should be long-term
capital gain or loss if the SLT stockholder held (or is treated as having held)
the SLT shares for more than one year as of the effective time of the merger.

      BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX

      A noncorporate holder of SLT shares may be subject to backup withholding
at a rate of 30% with respect to the amount of cash, if any, received instead of
fractional share interests, unless the stockholder: (i) provides a correct
taxpayer identification number (which, for an individual stockholder, generally
is the stockholder's social security number) and certifies that he, she or it is
not subject to backup withholding on the substitute W-9 that will be included as
part of the transmittal letter, or (ii) otherwise is exempt from backup
withholding. Backup withholding will not apply to an SLT stockholder who
completes and signs the substitute Form W-9 that is included as part of the
transmittal letter, or who otherwise proves to PhotoMedex and its exchange agent
that it is exempt from backup withholding. An SLT stockholder who does not
provide a correct taxpayer identification number may be subject to penalties
imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. Backup withholding is not an additional
tax and may be claimed as a credit against an SLT stockholder's federal income
tax liability, provided that the required information is furnished to the
Internal Revenue Service.

      REPORTING AND RECORD KEEPING

     An SLT stockholder is required to retain records of the transaction, and to
attach to the stockholder's federal income tax return for the year of the merger
a statement setting forth all relevant facts with respect to the non-recognition
of gain or loss in the exchange. At a minimum, the statement must include: (i)
the stockholder's tax basis in the SLT common stock surrendered, and (ii) the
fair market value, as of the time of the effective date of the merger, of the
PhotoMedex common stock received in the exchange therefor.

      THE PRECEDING DISCUSSION DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL
POTENTIAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO A PARTICULAR
SLT STOCKHOLDER. HOLDERS OF SLT COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX
ADVISORS REGARDING THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER,
INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FOREIGN, STATE, LOCAL AND OTHER TAX
LAWS.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

      PhotoMedex will account for the merger as a purchase of SLT by PhotoMedex
under generally accepted accounting principles. PhotoMedex will allocate the
purchase price based on the fair value of SLT's acquired assets and assumed
liabilities. PhotoMedex will consolidate the operating results of SLT with those
of its own, beginning as of the date the parties complete the merger.

      All unaudited pro forma financial information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus has been prepared using the purchase method to account for
the merger. See the section entitled "Index to Financial  Statements - Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" on page FS-1. The final
allocation of the purchase price will be determined after the merger is
consummated, at which time the actual purchase price can be calculated, and
after completion of a post-closing analysis to determine the fair market values
of SLT's acquired assets and assumed liabilities. Accordingly, the final
purchase accounting adjustments may be materially different from the unaudited
pro forma adjustments presented in this document.

INTERESTS OF SLT DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS IN THE MERGER

      In considering the recommendation of the SLT board of directors to vote in
favor of approval of the merger and adoption of the merger agreement, you should
be aware that the directors and executive officers of SLT have interests in the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of stockholders
generally of SLT. These interests include:

      -     the existing rights to indemnification benefiting SLT's directors
            and officers found in SLT's certificate of incorporation or bylaws,
            applicable law or other sources will be maintained for a period of
            six years after the merger. Tail coverage for SLT's directors' and
            officers' insurance policy will be obtained with coverage limits of
            $4 million for this six-year period, with an expected premium of
            $171,000.

      -     Messrs. Michael R. Stewart, the President and Chief Executive
            Officer and a director of SLT, and Davis Woodward, SLT's Vice
            President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, will enter into
            employment agreements with PhotoMedex in connection with closing of
            the merger. These agreements will include severance arrangements and
            stock option grants; and

      -     Richard J. DePiano, who is currently the chairman of the board of
            directors of SLT and a member of the board of directors of
            PhotoMedex, and a stockholder of each company, will continue to
            serve as a director of PhotoMedex following the merger.

      These interests are described below, to the extent that they are material.
The SLT board of directors was aware of, and considered the interests of,
themselves and SLT's executive officers in approving the merger and adopting the
merger agreement.

      INDEMNIFICATION

      The merger agreement provides that, for a period of six (6) years
following the effective date of the merger, PhotoMedex will indemnify all past
and present directors and officers of SLT to the same extent such individuals
are indemnified by SLT as of the date of the merger agreement pursuant to
applicable law or SLT's certificate of incorporation, bylaws and any
indemnification agreements, with respect to matters existing or occurring at or
prior to the effective time of the merger. In addition, after the merger, the
surviving corporation will obtain "tail" insurance coverage for the existing
insurance policies covering SLT's current officers and directors for a period of
six (6) years following the consummation of the merger, with a cap of $171,000
on premium costs. SLT anticipates that this policy will provide a $4 million
coverage limit.

      EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

      Michael R. Stewart and Davis Woodward, the current President and Chief
Executive Officer and Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer,
respectively, of SLT, will receive employment agreements with PhotoMedex
effective as of the effective time of the merger. Mr. Stewart will serve as
Executive Vice-President of Corporate Operations of PhotoMedex and will receive
an annual base salary of $235,000, certain benefits comparable to those of other
PhotoMedex executive officers and options to purchase up to 225,000 shares of
PhotoMedex common stock. In addition, Mr. Stewart will have certain severance
benefits, including a severance payment ranging from one year's compensation for
termination other than for "cause," and two year's compensation for termination
by reason of a change of control of PhotoMedex. Mr. Woodward will serve as
Corporate General Counsel of PhotoMedex and will receive an annual base salary
of $142,000, certain benefits comparable to other PhotoMedex employees, and
options to purchase up to 75,000 shares of PhotoMedex common stock. In addition,
Mr. Woodward will have certain severance benefits, including a severance payment
of one year's compensation for termination other than for "cause." The forms of
the employment agreements of Messrs. Stewart and Woodward are attached as Annex
F and Annex G to this proxy statement/prospectus, respectively.

DISSENTER'S OR APPRAISAL RIGHTS

      Delaware law entitles the holders of record of shares of SLT stock who
follow the procedures specified in Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law to have their shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery
and to receive the "fair value" of those shares, as of the effective time of the
merger, as determined by the court in place of the consideration that the holder
would otherwise receive in the merger. In order to exercise appraisal rights, a
stockholder must

demand and perfect the rights in accordance with Section 262 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law. The following is a summary of Section 262 and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262, a copy of which is
attached hereto as Annex C. SLT stockholders should carefully review Section 262
of the Delaware General Corporation Law as well as information discussed below
to evaluate and, if they wish, perfect their rights to appraisal.

      If a holder of SLT common stock elects to exercise the right to an
appraisal under Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, such
stockholder must file with SLT a written demand for appraisal of the shares of
SLT common stock held before the vote is taken on the merger agreement at the
special meeting. This demand must reasonably identify the stockholder and state
that the stockholder intends, by delivering the demand, to demand an appraisal
of the stockholder's shares. Thereafter, the stockholder also must:

      -     continuously hold such shares through the effective time of the
            merger;

      -     not vote in favor of the merger or to adopt the merger agreement;
            and

      -     comply with all other terms of Section 262.

      All written demands for appraisal should be addressed to: Michael R.
Stewart, Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc., 147 Keystone Drive, Montgomeryville,
Pennsylvania 18936-9638, before the vote is taken on the merger agreement at the
SLT special meeting, and should be executed by, or on behalf of, the holder of
record.

      Only the holder of record of shares of SLT common stock is entitled to
seek appraisal of the fair value of the shares registered in the holder's name.
The demand for appraisal must be executed by or for the holder of record, fully
and correctly, as such holder's name appears on the holder's stock certificates.
If the stock is owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee,
guardian or custodian, the demand should be made in that capacity, and if the
stock is owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or
tenancy in common, the demand should be made by or for all owners of record. An
authorized agent, including one or more joint owners, may execute the demand for
appraisal for a holder of record; however, such agent must identify the record
owner or owners and expressly disclose in such demand that the agent is acting
as agent for the record owner or owners.

      A record holder, such as a broker who holds shares of SLT common stock as
nominee for beneficial owners, some of whom desire to demand appraisal, must
exercise appraisal rights on behalf of such beneficial owners with respect to
the stock held for such beneficial owners. In such case, the written demand for
appraisal should set forth the number of shares covered by the demand. Unless a
demand for appraisal specifies a number of shares, such demand will be presumed
to cover all shares held in the name of such record owner.

      If the merger is completed, SLT, as the surviving company in the merger,
will, within 10 days after the effective time of the merger, give written notice
of the effective time to each holder of SLT common stock who has satisfied the
requirements of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. A person
who elects to exercise appraisal rights under Section 262 is called a
"dissenting stockholder." Within 120 days after the effective time, SLT or any
dissenting stockholder may file a petition in the court demanding a
determination of the fair value of the shares of SLT common stock of all
dissenting stockholders. Any dissenting stockholder desiring the filing of such
petition is advised to file such petition on a timely basis, unless the
dissenting stockholder receives notice that SLT or another dissenting
stockholder has filed such a petition.

      If a petition for appraisal is timely filed, the court will determine
which stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and thereafter will
determine the fair value of the shares of SLT common stock held by dissenting
stockholders, exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment
or expectation of the merger, but together with a fair rate of interest, if any,
to be paid on the amount determined to be fair value. In determining such fair
value, the court will take into account all relevant factors. The court may
determine such fair value to be more than, less than or equal to the
consideration that such dissenting stockholder would otherwise be entitled to
receive pursuant to the merger agreement. If a petition for appraisal is not
timely filed, then the right to an appraisal terminates.

      The costs of the appraisal proceeding will be determined by the court and
taxed against the parties as the court determines to be equitable under the
circumstances. Upon the application of any dissenting stockholder, the court may
determine the amount of interest, if any, to be paid upon the value of the stock
of dissenting stockholders entitled thereto.

Upon application of a dissenting stockholder, the court may order all or a
portion of the expenses incurred by any dissenting stockholder in connection
with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata
against the value of all shares entitled to appraisal.

      After the effective time of the merger, no dissenting stockholder will
have any rights of an SLT stockholder with respect to such holder's shares for
any purpose, except to receive payment to which SLT stockholders of record as of
a date prior to the effective time are entitled, if any. If a dissenting
stockholder delivers to SLT a written withdrawal of the demand for an appraisal
within 60 days after the effective time of the merger or thereafter with the
written approval of SLT, or if no petition for appraisal is filed within 120
days after the effective time, then the right of such dissenting stockholder to
an appraisal will cease and such dissenting stockholder will be entitled to
receive only the shares of common stock of PhotoMedex and cash in lieu of
fractional shares, as provided in the merger agreement.

      The foregoing is only a summary of Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of Section 262, which is included in Annex C.

QUOTATION ON THE NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET

      It is a condition to the merger that the shares of PhotoMedex common stock
to be issued in the merger and the other shares to be reserved for issuance in
connection with the merger be approved for trading on The Nasdaq National
Market, subject to official notice of issuance.

DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF SLT COMMON STOCK

      If the merger is completed, SLT common stock will be delisted from The
Nasdaq Small-Cap Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.

FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CONSEQUENCES

      The shares of PhotoMedex common stock to be issued in the merger will be
registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act.
These shares (which do not include any shares that may be issued upon exercise
of the SLT warrants to be assumed by PhotoMedex following the effective time of
the merger) will be freely transferable under the Securities Act, except for
PhotoMedex common stock issued to any person who is deemed to be an affiliate of
SLT or PhotoMedex. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with SLT and include SLT's officers and directors. SLT's affiliates may
not sell their PhotoMedex common stock acquired in the merger, except pursuant
to:

      -     an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
            covering the resale of those shares;

      -     an exemption under Rule 145 under the Securities Act (or Rule 144
            under the Securities Act, if these persons are or become affiliates
            of PhotoMedex); or

      -     any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

      As required by the merger agreement, SLT has obtained from each of its
directors and executive officers a written agreement providing that he will not
sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of any PhotoMedex common stock he
receives in the merger except in accordance with the foregoing restrictions.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

      This section is a summary of the material terms and provisions of the
merger agreement, a copy of which is incorporated by reference and attached as
Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus. The following description is not
intended to be a complete description of all the terms of the merger agreement.
You should refer to the full text of the merger agreement for details of the
merger and the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. PhotoMedex and SLT
encourage you to carefully read the complete merger agreement for the precise
legal terms of the merger agreement and other information that may be important
to you.

THE MERGER

      The merger agreement provides that upon the closing, J Merger Corp., Inc.,
referred to herein as the merger subsidiary, will be merged with and into SLT,
with SLT as the surviving corporation. As a result of the merger, SLT will
become a wholly-owned subsidiary of PhotoMedex. The merger will become effective
on the date of filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware, which the parties have agreed to file as soon as
practicable after the closing. This is referred to as the "effective time" of
the merger. Following the merger, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of
the merger subsidiary will become the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of
SLT, and the directors and officers of the merger subsidiary will become the
directors and officers of SLT.

THE EXCHANGE RATIO AND TREATMENT OF SECURITIES

      At the effective time of the merger:

      -     each share of SLT common stock issued and outstanding immediately
            prior to the effective time, other than dissenting shares, shares of
            SLT common stock held in the treasury of SLT or that are owned by
            SLT, PhotoMedex or any of their respective wholly-owned subsidiaries
            (other than those held in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of
            third parties), will cease to be outstanding and will be converted
            into the right to receive 1.12 shares of PhotoMedex common stock;

      -     shares of SLT common stock held in the treasury of SLT or that are
            owned by SLT, PhotoMedex or any of their respective wholly-owned
            subsidiaries will be canceled and no PhotoMedex common stock or
            other consideration will be delivered in exchange for this
            cancellation;

      -     each outstanding SLT stock option will be cancelled and no
            securities of PhotoMedex or other consideration will be delivered in
            exchange for this cancellation;

      -     each outstanding warrant to purchase SLT common stock issued and
            outstanding immediately prior to the effective time will be
            converted into a warrant to purchase PhotoMedex common stock on the
            same terms and conditions as were applicable under the warrant to
            purchase SLT common stock before the merger, except that the number
            of shares subject to the warrant shall be multiplied by 1.12 (and
            rounded up to the nearest whole share) and the exercise price per
            share shall be divided by 1.12 (and rounded to the nearest
            one-hundredth of a cent);

      -     each share of the merger subsidiary issued and outstanding
            immediately prior to the effective time will be converted into one
            share of the surviving corporation; and

      -     PhotoMedex will adjust the exchange ratio to provide for any
            reclassification, recapitalization, stock split, split up, stock
            dividend, combination or other similar exchange with respect to SLT
            or PhotoMedex common stock occurring before the merger.

      When the merger is completed, no SLT stock options will be assumed or
substituted by PhotoMedex. SLT will give notice to holders of SLT stock options
at least 35 days prior to the anticipated closing date of the merger that they
will have 30 days in which to exercise their existing stock options. At that
point, all outstanding SLT stock options will accelerate and become fully vested
and exercisable. All SLT stock options must be exercised at or prior to the end
of this 30-day period or they will terminate. SLT stock option holders may
exercise their options and, if the merger is completed, receive in respect of
their shares the same per share consideration as other SLT stockholders. If the
holder of an SLT stock option chooses to exercise a stock option and the merger
does not close, the holder will remain an SLT stockholder.

EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

      As soon as reasonably practicable after the effective time of the merger,
American Stock Transfer & Trust Co., Inc., as exchange agent, will mail to each
stockholder of record of SLT a letter of transmittal containing instructions for
the surrender of certificates representing SLT common stock in exchange for
certificates representing PhotoMedex common stock.

      HOLDERS OF SLT COMMON STOCK SHOULD NOT SEND IN THEIR CERTIFICATES UNTIL
THEY RECEIVE A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FROM THE EXCHANGE AGENT.

      PhotoMedex will not issue any fractional shares in the merger. Instead of
issuing fractional shares of PhotoMedex common stock, the holders of shares of
SLT common stock who would otherwise have been entitled to a fraction of a share
of PhotoMedex common stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of
PhotoMedex common stock to be received by each holder) pursuant to the merger
agreement will receive cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent and without
interest) equal to the product of: (a) such fraction, multiplied by (b) the
average closing price of a share of PhotoMedex common stock as quoted on The
Nasdaq National Market for the twenty (20) trading days ending on the last full
trading day immediately prior to the effective time. No interest will be paid or
accrued on cash in lieu of fractional shares, if any.

      If, after one year from the effective time of the merger, a holder of
shares of SLT common stock has not surrendered the stock certificates
representing such shares to the exchange agent, then the holder of stock
certificates representing SLT common stock may look only to PhotoMedex to
receive its shares of PhotoMedex common stock, cash in lieu of fractional shares
and any unpaid dividends and distributions on shares of PhotoMedex common stock.

      None of PhotoMedex, the merger subsidiary, SLT or the exchange agent will
be liable to any holder of a certificate formerly representing shares of SLT
common stock for PhotoMedex common stock, cash in lieu of fractional shares or
any unpaid dividends and distributions properly delivered to a public official
pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

TRANSFER OF SHARES

      The stock transfer books of SLT will be closed immediately upon the
effective time and no transfers of shares of SLT common stock will be made or
recorded on the stock transfer books after the effective time of the merger.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SLT AND PHOTOMEDEX

      The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties of
SLT and PhotoMedex, subject to qualifications, with respect to itself and its
subsidiaries, relating to, among other things, the following matters:

      -     corporate organization;

      -     capitalization;

      -     the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform
            the merger agreement and the related agreements and to consummate
            the transactions contemplated by these agreements;

      -     the absence of conflicts between the charters, bylaws, agreements
            and applicable laws, on the one hand, and the merger agreement and
            the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, on the
            other hand;

      -     the absence of any required governmental consents, approvals or
            authorizations other than those specified in the merger agreement
            with respect to the execution of the merger agreement and the
            consummation of the transactions contemplated by the agreements;

      -     the timely filing of documents and the accuracy of information
            contained in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange
            Commission;

      -     the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

      -     the absence of material changes or events relating to the respective
            businesses of SLT and PhotoMedex, and each of their respective
            subsidiaries, since June 30, 2002;

      -     the absence of undisclosed pending or threatened litigation;

      -     compliance with applicable laws and possession of permits;

      -     the existence, validity and status of contracts;

      -     compliance with environmental laws and regulations;

      -     benefit plans and other employment-related matters;

      -     intellectual property matters;

      -     title to properties;

      -     insurance matters;

      -     matters relating to those regulated by the Food and Drug
            Administration;

      -     timely filing of tax returns and other tax-related matters;

      -     the absence of actions that would prevent the merger from qualifying
            as a reorganization under Section 368 of the U.S. tax code;

      -     the accuracy of information supplied by the parties in connection
            with this proxy statement/prospectus and the registration statement
            of which it is a part;

      -     the absence of affiliate transactions, except as disclosed in the
            merger agreement and the documents filed with the Securities and
            Exchange Commission;

      -     the inapplicability of state anti-takeover laws;

      -     in the case of SLT only, the receipt of an opinion from SLT's
            financial advisor;

      -     board approval of the merger agreement and the transactions
            contemplated by the merger agreement; and

      -     the absence of undisclosed broker's and finder's fees.

CONDUCT OF PHOTOMEDEX'S AND SLT'S BUSINESS PRIOR TO THE MERGER

      The merger agreement contains restrictions on PhotoMedex's and SLT's
conduct of its respective business pending the effective time of the merger or
the termination of the merger agreement. These restrictions are designed to
prevent major changes in PhotoMedex and SLT until the merger takes place, except
to the extent set forth in the merger agreement or consented to by SLT or
PhotoMedex, as the case may be.

      In general, each of PhotoMedex and SLT has agreed that:

      -     it and each of its subsidiaries will:

            -     conduct its business in the usual, regular and ordinary
                  course, in substantially the same manner as conducted at the
                  time of the execution of the merger agreement; and

            -     use its reasonable best efforts to:

                  -     keep available the services of its current officers and
                        other employees;

                  -     preserve intact its current lines of business;

                  -     maintain its rights and franchises; and

                  -     preserve its relationship with customers, suppliers and
                        others having business dealings with it.

      Each of PhotoMedex and SLT has further agreed that neither PhotoMedex nor
SLT, as the case may be, nor any of their respective subsidiaries will, except
to the extent set forth in the merger agreement or consented to by SLT or
PhotoMedex, as the case may be:

      -     declare or pay any dividend or other distribution on any of its
            capital stock;

      -     split, combine or reclassify its common stock;

      -     repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of its capital stock or
            any securities convertible into shares of its capital stock;

      -     issue additional shares of or securities convertible into, or
            options or rights to acquire, any capital stock;

      -     amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or similar
            organizational documents;

      -     take any action that would prevent the merger from qualifying as a
            reorganization under Section 368 of the U.S. tax code;

      -     materially change its accounting methods or tax elections;

      -     take any action or omit to take any action for the purpose of
            impeding the consummation of the merger agreement or any transaction
            contemplated by it; or

      -     agree or commit to do any of the above.

      In addition, each of PhotoMedex and SLT has further agreed that neither
PhotoMedex nor SLT, as the case may be, nor any of their respective subsidiaries
will, except to the extent set forth in the merger agreement or consented to by
SLT or PhotoMedex, as the case may be, issue additional shares of or securities
convertible into, or options or rights to acquire, any capital stock. However,
after December 31, 2002, PhotoMedex may, in its sole and absolute discretion,
issue and sell its securities, subject to the potential extension of the
termination date, if such sale results in a delay of the effectiveness of the
registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, or
the need to recirculate this proxy statement/prospectus.

STOCKHOLDER MEETING

      SLT has agreed to hold a special meeting of its stockholders to consider
and vote upon approval of the merger and the adoption of the merger agreement.

ACCESS TO INFORMATION

      Subject to existing confidentiality obligations and applicable law, and
upon reasonable notice, each party has agreed to afford to the other party and
its representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to its
properties, books, contracts, commitments, records, officers and employees, and
shall provide copies and all other material information as the other party may
request.

COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS

      Subject to the conditions and limitations specified in the merger
agreement, the parties have agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts
to:

      -     take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary to comply promptly
            with all legal requirements that may be imposed upon them with
            respect to the consummation of the merger and the other transactions
            contemplated by the merger agreement;

      -     prepare and cause this proxy statement/prospectus and the
            registration statement, of which this proxy statement/prospectus
            forms a part, to be filed with the SEC, to have this proxy
            statement/prospectus cleared by the SEC and the registration
            statement declared effective by the SEC as soon after such filing as
            practicable, to keep the registration statement effective as long as
            is necessary to consummate the merger, and to cause the proxy
            statement/ prospectus to be mailed to SLT's stockholders as promptly
            as practicable after the registration statement is declared
            effective by the SEC;

      -     obtain all necessary consents and approvals required to be obtained
            in order to consummate the merger or any of the other transactions
            contemplated by the merger agreement; and

      -     take such action as may be required to cause the expiration of any
            notice or waiting periods under any applicable law to occur as
            promptly as practicable after the date of the merger agreement,
            provided that neither party is obligated to hold separate or to
            divest any of its businesses or assets, or agree to take any action
            or agree to any limitation that could reasonably be expected to have
            a material adverse effect on such party or, if the merger is
            consummated, the combined company.

NO SOLICITATION

      The merger agreement contains detailed provisions prohibiting SLT from
soliciting an alternative transaction. Under these provisions, SLT has agreed
that neither it nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of their respective officers
and directors will take any action to solicit, initiate, encourage or, subject
to the exceptions described below, agree to engage in any discussions or
negotiations regarding any of the following (each of which is referred to in
this section as a "takeover proposal"):

      -     any offer or proposal for, or any indication of interest in, with
            respect to, or a transaction to effect, a merger, reorganization,
            share exchange, consolidation, business combination,
            recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction
            involving SLT or any of its subsidiaries;

      -     any purchase or sale of 10% or more of the consolidated assets
            (including stock of its subsidiaries) of SLT and its subsidiaries,
            taken as a whole; or

      -     any purchase or sale of, or tender or exchange offer for, its equity
            securities that, if consummated, would result in any person (or the
            stockholders of such person) beneficially owning securities
            representing 10% or more of its total voting power (or of the
            surviving parent entity in such transaction) or the voting power of
            any of its subsidiaries (other than a proposal or offer made by
            PhotoMedex or one of its affiliates).

      However, if, prior to adoption of the merger agreement by SLT's
stockholders, SLT's board of directors receives an unsolicited written takeover
proposal, then to the extent the board of directors of SLT believes in good
faith in the proper exercise of their fiduciary duties to SLT's stockholders,
and after considering all terms and conditions of such written takeover
proposal, including the likelihood and timing of its consummation, that such
takeover proposal would result in a transaction more favorable to SLT's
stockholders from a financial point of view than the transaction contemplated by
the merger agreement (any such more favorable takeover proposal being referred
to as a "superior proposal") and the board of directors of SLT determines in
good faith (after consultation with outside counsel) that it is necessary in
order to comply with its fiduciary duties to SLT's stockholders under applicable
law, SLT may, in response to a superior proposal, and without causing a breach
of the merger agreement:

      -     furnish information with respect to SLT and its subsidiaries to the
            person making such superior proposal;

      -     participate in discussions and negotiations with such person
            regarding such superior proposal; and

      -     endorse, recommend, approve and/or agree to such superior proposal.

      In each such event, SLT must notify PhotoMedex of such determination by
the board of directors of SLT and provide PhotoMedex with a copy of the superior
proposal received from such person. Any non-public information of SLT or its
subsidiaries provided to any person in connection with such discussions or
negotiations must be pursuant to a non-disclosure agreement at least as
restrictive on such person as the confidentiality agreement signed by PhotoMedex
and SLT prior to the execution of the merger agreement is on PhotoMedex.

      SLT may not, and may not permit any of its officers, directors, employees
or other representatives to agree to or endorse any takeover proposal or
withdraw its recommendation of the adoption of the merger unless SLT has
provided PhotoMedex at least three (3) days prior notice thereof.

      SLT must notify PhotoMedex within 24 hours after receipt of any takeover
proposal or any notice that any person is considering making a takeover proposal
or any request for non-public information relating to SLT or any of its
subsidiaries or for access to the properties, books or records of SLT or any of
its subsidiaries by any person that has advised SLT that it may be considering
making, or that has made, a takeover proposal, or whose efforts to formulate a
takeover proposal would be assisted thereby. Such notice must include the
identity of such person. SLT must also keep PhotoMedex fully informed of the
status and details of any such takeover proposal notice, request or
correspondence or communications related thereto. SLT must provide PhotoMedex
with a copy of such takeover proposal notice or any amendment thereto, if it is
in writing, or a complete written summary thereof, if it is not in writing.

      The merger agreement provides that these restrictions will not prohibit
SLT from taking and disclosing to SLT's stockholders a position with respect to
a tender offer pursuant to Rules 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

      PhotoMedex has agreed that, on or before December 31, 2002, it will not,
and it will not permit any of its subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly
through another person, consummate any acquisition of capital stock or assets of
another person, business combination, recapitalization, merger, consolidation,
liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction (each a "reorganization
transaction"), or any other action which would materially delay the filing of or
require the filing by PhotoMedex of an amendment or supplement in any material
respect to the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus
forms a part, or a recirculation by SLT of this proxy statement/prospectus,
without the prior written consent of SLT as evidenced by a majority vote of the
board of directors of SLT, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld.

      However, in the event that PhotoMedex consummates a reorganization
transaction or the sale of its securities after December 31, 2002, but prior to
the earlier of the effective time or the termination of the merger agreement,
which requires any such filing by PhotoMedex or recirculation by SLT, the
termination date will be extended by one calendar day for each such day from the
date of the consummation of such reorganization transaction or the sale of its
securities, as the case may be, through the date of such filing or
recirculation, as the case may be, but in no event will the period between the
date of such filing or recirculation, as the case may be, with respect to such
extension event and the termination date be less than 45 calendar days.

FEES AND EXPENSES

      Subject to the provisions relating to payment of termination fees, all
expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement will be paid by the
party incurring such expenses, except that expenses (including filing fees)
incurred in the filing, printing and mailing of this statement/prospectus, will
be shared equally by PhotoMedex and SLT.

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

      The merger agreement provides that PhotoMedex will indemnify and hold
harmless, and advance to or pay expenses of all directors, officers and
employees of SLT to the same extent as provided in SLT's certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and indemnification agreements for acts or omissions
existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time of the merger.
PhotoMedex will maintain in the surviving corporation's or any successor's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws for a period of six years after the
effective time, provisions regarding elimination of liability of directors,
indemnification of officers, directors and employees and advancement of expenses
that are no less advantageous to the intended beneficiaries than the
corresponding provisions in the current certificate of incorporation and bylaws
of SLT.

      In addition, PhotoMedex will maintain for a period of at least six (6)
years after the effective time of the merger, a tail on SLT's directors' and
officers' liability insurance with respect to claims against SLT's current and
former directors and officers arising from facts or events occurring prior to
the effective time of the merger. The tail policy will have coverage limits of
$4 million for this six-year period, with an expected premium of $171,000.

NASDAQ

      PhotoMedex has agreed to use its best efforts to cause the PhotoMedex
common stock issued in the merger and the shares of PhotoMedex common stock
reserved for issuance upon exercise of the warrants assumed by PhotoMedex to be
approved for listing on The Nasdaq National Market.

AFFILIATES

      SLT will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause each person, who
may be deemed an affiliate of SLT to deliver to PhotoMedex prior to the
effective time of the merger an affiliate agreement substantially in the form
attached as Annex E to this proxy statement/prospectus. SLT's current officers
and directors have already signed such an agreement.

CONDITIONS TO THE CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER

      The respective obligations of PhotoMedex and SLT to effect the merger are
subject to the following conditions:

      -     the stockholders of SLT and, if required, of PhotoMedex shall have
            approved the merger and adopted the merger agreement;

      -     there be no law, temporary restraining order, injunction or other
            order in effect that makes the merger illegal or prohibits the
            consummation of the merger;

      -     each of SLT and PhotoMedex shall have obtained all material consents
            and approvals of third parties as set forth in the merger agreement;

      -     SLT shall have received from Duane Morris LLP, counsel to SLT, a
            written opinion to the effect that for federal income tax purposes
            the merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of
            Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

      -     the shares of PhotoMedex common stock to be issued in the merger and
            all other shares to be reserved for issuance in connection with the
            merger shall have been approved for listing on The Nasdaq National
            Market; and

      -     the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus
            is a part shall have been declared effective, no stop order
            suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement shall
            have been issued by the SEC, and no proceeding for that purpose
            shall have been initiated or threatened by the SEC.

      PhotoMedex's obligations to effect the merger are subject to the following
additional conditions:

      -     the representations and warranties of SLT set forth in the merger
            agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of the merger
            agreement and as of the effective time as though made on and as of
            the effective time (except to the extent that such representations
            and warranties speak as of another date, in which case such
            representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such
            date), except where the failure of such representations and
            warranties to be true and correct would not, individually or in the
            aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
            on SLT, and PhotoMedex shall have received a certificate of a senior
            executive officer and a senior financial officer of SLT to such
            effect;

      -     SLT shall have performed or complied with all covenants required to
            be performed by it under the merger agreement at or prior to the
            effective time that are qualified as to materiality or material
            adverse effect and shall have performed or complied with in all
            material respects with all other material agreements and covenants
            required to be performed by it under the merger agreement at or
            prior to the effective time that are not so

            qualified, and PhotoMedex shall have received a certificate of a
            senior executive officer and a senior financial officer of SLT to
            such effect;

      -     SLT shall have obtained the consents and approvals of third parties
            as set forth in the merger agreement; and

      -     PhotoMedex shall have received executed affiliate and employment
            agreements and the agreements of SLT's officers and directors to
            vote in favor of the merger at the special meeting, all as specified
            in the merger agreement.

      SLT's obligations to effect the merger are subject to the following
additional conditions:

      -     the representations and warranties of PhotoMedex set forth in the
            merger agreement shall be true and correct as of the date of the
            merger agreement and as of the effective time as though made on and
            as of the effective time (except to the extent that such
            representations and warranties speak as of another date, in which
            case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct
            as of such date), except where the failure of such representations
            and warranties to be true and correct would not, individually or in
            the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
            effect on PhotoMedex, and SLT shall have received a certificate of a
            senior executive officer and a senior financial officer of
            PhotoMedex to such effect; and

      -     PhotoMedex shall have performed or complied with all covenants
            required to be performed by it under the merger agreement at or
            prior to the effective time that are qualified as to materiality or
            material adverse effect and shall have performed or complied with in
            all material respects with all other material agreements and
            covenants required to be performed by it under the merger agreement
            at or prior to the effective time that are not so qualified, and SLT
            shall have received a certificate of a senior executive officer and
            a senior financial officer of PhotoMedex to such effect;

      -     PhotoMedex shall have obtained the consents and approvals of third
            parties as set forth in the merger agreement;

      -     SLT shall have received executed affiliate and employment agreements
            and the agreements of SLT's officers and directors to vote in favor
            of the merger at the special meeting, all as specified in the merger
            agreement; and

      -     SLT shall have received confirmation, as of a date within five
            business days of closing of the merger, of the fairness opinion from
            Investec Inc.

TERMINATION

      The merger agreement provides that at any time prior to the effective time
of the merger, and except as specifically provided in the merger agreement,
whether before or after any PhotoMedex special meeting or the SLT special
meeting, the merger agreement may be terminated:

      -     by mutual written consent of PhotoMedex and SLT;

      -     by either PhotoMedex or SLT if:

            -     the merger has not been completed on or before March 31, 2003
                  (unless extended to a later date under the terms of the merger
                  agreement), provided that the party seeking termination did
                  not fail to fulfill any obligation under the merger agreement
                  that has been the primary cause of, or resulted in, the
                  failure of the closing to occur on or before such date; or

            -     any governmental entity (i) issues an order, decree or ruling
                  or takes any other action permanently restraining, enjoining
                  or otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by the
                  merger agreement and such order, decree, ruling or other
                  action shall have become final and non-appealable or (ii)
                  fails to issue an order, decree or ruling or fails to take
                  some other action which is necessary to fulfill a closing
                  condition to the merger and such denial or failure shall have
                  become final and non-appealable,

                  provided that this right to terminate shall not be available
                  to a party whose failure to comply with provisions of the
                  merger agreement relating to the use of reasonable best
                  efforts has been the primary cause of such prohibition or
                  denial;

      -     by SLT if:

            -     PhotoMedex fails, if PhotoMedex stockholder approval is
                  required, to recommend that its stockholders approve and adopt
                  the merger agreement, to call a meeting of its stockholders or
                  to prepare and mail to its stockholders the proxy
                  statement/prospectus pursuant to the terms of the merger
                  agreement;

            -     the stockholders of PhotoMedex fail to approve the merger and
                  adopt the merger agreement, if required;

            -     PhotoMedex has breached any of its representations or
                  warranties contained in the merger agreement such that the
                  conditions to closing are not capable of being satisfied on or
                  before the termination date and such breach has not been cured
                  within 30 calendar days after written notice thereof from SLT
                  to PhotoMedex;

            -     PhotoMedex has failed to perform any of its covenants or other
                  agreements contained in the merger agreement and such failure
                  has not been cured within 30 calendar days after written
                  notice thereof from SLT to PhotoMedex; or

            -     SLT determines to accept a superior proposal.

      -     by PhotoMedex if:

            -     SLT fails to recommend that its stockholders approve and adopt
                  the merger agreement, to call a meeting of its stockholders or
                  to prepare and mail to its stockholders the proxy
                  statement/prospectus pursuant to the terms of the merger
                  agreement;

            -     SLT's stockholders fail to approve the merger and adopt the
                  merger agreement;

            -     SLT breaches its obligations with respect to non-solicitation;

            -     the holders of more than 100,000 shares of SLT common stock
                  have perfected their appraisal rights and have neither
                  withdrawn nor otherwise lost such rights of appraisal under
                  Delaware law;

            -     SLT's board of directors shall have endorsed, accepted or
                  agreed to a takeover proposal or shall have resolved to do so;

            -     a takeover proposal shall have occurred and SLT's board of
                  directors shall not have, within ten days of such occurrence,
                  reconfirmed the board's recommendation of the merger and its
                  approval of the merger, and rejected such takeover proposal;

            -     SLT has breached any of its representations or warranties
                  contained in the merger agreement such that the conditions to
                  closing are not capable of being satisfied on or before the
                  termination date and such breach has not been cured within 30
                  calendar days after written notice thereof from PhotoMedex to
                  SLT; or

            -     SLT has failed to perform any of its covenants or other
                  agreements contained in the merger agreement and such failure
                  has not been cured within 30 calendar days after written
                  notice thereof from PhotoMedex to SLT.

TERMINATION FEES

      SLT has agreed to pay PhotoMedex a termination fee of $250,000, plus
expenses related to the merger, but not to exceed an additional $250,000, if SLT
terminates the merger agreement because it has determined to accept a superior
proposal or if PhotoMedex terminates the merger agreement for any of the
following reasons:

      -     SLT fails to recommend that its stockholders approve and adopt the
            merger agreement, to call a meeting of its stockholders or to
            prepare and mail to its stockholders the proxy statement/prospectus
            pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement;

      -     SLT breaches its obligations with respect to non-solicitation;

      -     SLT's board of directors has endorsed, accepted or agreed to a
            takeover proposal or shall have resolved to do so; or

      -     SLT has failed to perform any of its covenants or other agreements
            contained in the merger agreement and such failure has not been
            cured within 30 calendar days after written notice thereof from
            PhotoMedex to SLT.

      PhotoMedex has agreed to pay SLT a termination fee of $250,000, plus
expenses related to the merger, but not to exceed an additional $250,000 if SLT
terminates the merger agreement for either of the following reasons:

      -     PhotoMedex fails, if PhotoMedex stockholder approval is required, to
            recommend that its stockholders approve and adopt the merger
            agreement, to call a meeting of its stockholders or to prepare and
            mail to its stockholders the proxy statement/prospectus pursuant to
            the terms of the merger agreement; or

      -     PhotoMedex has failed to perform any of its covenants or other
            agreements contained in the merger agreement and such failure has
            not been cured within 30 calendar days after written notice thereof
            from SLT to PhotoMedex.

AMENDMENT; EXTENSION AND WAIVER

      The parties may amend the merger agreement at any time before or after the
approval of the proposals by the SLT stockholders. Following any such
stockholder approval, no amendment shall be made which by law or in accordance
with the rules of any relevant stock exchange requires further approval by such
stockholders without such further approval.

      At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, the parties may, to
the extent legally allowed:

      -     extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or
            other acts of the other parties;

      -     waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the
            other parties contained in the merger agreement or in any document
            delivered pursuant to the merger agreement; and

      -     waive compliance by the other party with any of the agreements or
            conditions in the merger agreement.

            Any extension or waiver described above will be valid if set forth
      in writing and signed on behalf of the waiving party.

RELATED AGREEMENTS

      SLT STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENTS

      SLT's officers and directors have entered into stockholder agreements with
PhotoMedex. Under these agreements, they have granted Jeffrey F. O'Donnell and
Dennis M. McGrath, each of whom is an officer and employee of PhotoMedex,
irrevocable proxies to vote all of the shares of SLT common stock which they
beneficially own for the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and the
merger, the approval of the terms thereof and each of the actions contemplated
by the

merger agreement and the stockholder agreements, and any other action that could
reasonably be expected to facilitate the same.

      These stockholders have also agreed, until the earlier of the termination
date or the SLT stockholders meeting, except as specifically set forth in each
stockholder agreement, not to:

      -     sell, transfer, pledge, encumber, grant, assign or otherwise dispose
            of, enforce any redemption agreement with SLT or enter into any
            contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with respect
            to or consent to the offer for sale, sale, transfer, pledge,
            encumbrance, grant, assignment or other disposition of, record or
            beneficial ownership of any of the stockholders interest in
            securities of SLT which are beneficially owned by any of them,
            except to PhotoMedex;

      -     grant any proxies or powers of attorney or enter into any voting
            agreement with respect to such shares, except with PhotoMedex; or

      -     take any action that would make any representation or warranty set
            forth in the stockholder agreements untrue or incorrect or have the
            effect of preventing any of the stockholders from performing their
            obligations under the stockholder agreements until the stockholder
            agreements have been terminated (as set forth below) or the
            conclusion of the SLT special meeting.

      As of October 17, 2002, the stockholders who have entered into the
stockholder agreements beneficially owned 351,008 shares of SLT common stock,
representing approximately 15% of the voting power of the issued and outstanding
SLT common stock.

      The stockholder agreements also restrict the stockholders and their
representatives and affiliates until the earlier of the termination date or the
SLT stockholders meeting, from:

      -     initiating or soliciting, directly or indirectly, any proposal, plan
            of offer to acquire all or any substantial part of the business or
            properties or SLT common stock, whether by merger, purchase of
            assets, tender offer or otherwise, or to liquidate SLT or otherwise
            distribute to the holders of SLT common stock all or any substantial
            part of the business, properties or SLT capital stock (each, an
            "acquisition proposal");

      -     initiating, directly or indirectly, any contact with any person in
            an effort to or with a view towards soliciting any acquisition
            proposal;

      -     furnishing information concerning SLT's business, properties or
            assets to any corporation, partnership, person or other entity or
            group (other than PhotoMedex or the merger subsidiary, or any
            associate, agent or representative of PhotoMedex or the merger
            subsidiary), under any circumstances that would reasonably be
            expected to relate to an actual or potential acquisition proposal;
            or

      -     negotiating or entering into discussions or an agreement, directly
            or indirectly, with any entity or group with respect of any
            potential acquisition proposal.

      The restrictions in the third and fourth bullet points above do not
prevent any such person, in his capacity as a director or officer (as the case
may be) of SLT, from taking any action relating to unsolicited takeover
proposals that is otherwise permitted by the merger agreement. In the event such
persons receive or become aware of any acquisition proposal, they are required
to promptly inform PhotoMedex as to any such matter and the details thereof to
the extent possible without breaching any other agreement to which such persons
are a party or violating their fiduciary duties.

      The SLT stockholder agreements will terminate on the earliest of:

      -     the termination of the merger agreement;

      -     the termination of the stockholder agreements by PhotoMedex upon
            written notice to the stockholders (PhotoMedex may terminate in such
            manner at any time); or

      -     the effective time of the merger.

      The stockholder agreement is attached as Annex D to this proxy
statement/prospectus. You should read it in its entirety.

      AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS

      SLT has agreed to use reasonable commercial efforts to cause each person
who may be deemed an affiliate of SLT to execute and deliver to PhotoMedex an
affiliate agreement, substantially in the form attached as Annex E to this proxy
statement/prospectus, prior to the effective time of the merger. Pursuant to the
affiliate agreement, each person who signs such an affiliate agreement will
agree not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of PhotoMedex common stock
except pursuant to:

      -     an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
            covering the resale of those shares;

      -     an exemption under Rule 145 under the Securities Act (or Rule 144
            under the Securities Act, if these persons are or become affiliates
            of PhotoMedex); or

      -     any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

      As required by the merger agreement, SLT has obtained from each of its
directors and executive officers a written agreement providing that he will not
sell, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of any PhotoMedex common stock he
receives in the merger except in accordance with the foregoing restrictions. In
accordance with the affiliate agreement, PhotoMedex will be entitled to place
appropriate legends on these SLT stockholders' certificates evidencing any
PhotoMedex common stock to be received by them.

      EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

      Michael R. Stewart and Davis Woodward, the current President and Chief
Executive Officer and Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer,
respectively, of SLT, will receive employment agreements with PhotoMedex
effective as of the effective time of the merger. Mr. Stewart will serve as
Executive Vice-President of Corporate Operations of PhotoMedex and will receive
an annual base salary of $235,000, certain benefits comparable to those of other
PhotoMedex executive officers and options to purchase up to 225,000 shares of
PhotoMedex common stock. In addition, Mr. Stewart will have certain severance
benefits, including a severance payment ranging from one year's compensation for
termination other than for "cause," and two year's compensation for termination
by reason of a change of control of PhotoMedex. Mr. Woodward will serve as
Corporate General Counsel of PhotoMedex and will receive an annual base salary
of $142,000, certain benefits comparable to other PhotoMedex employees, and
options to purchase up to 75,000 shares of PhotoMedex common stock. In addition,
Mr. Woodward will have certain severance benefits, including a severance payment
of one year's compensation for termination other than for "cause." The forms of
the employment agreements of Messrs. Stewart and Woodward are attached as Annex
F and Annex G to this proxy statement/prospectus, respectively.

                          INFORMATION ABOUT PHOTOMEDEX

BUSINESS OF PHOTOMEDEX

      OVERVIEW OF THE BUSINESS

      PhotoMedex is engaged in the development, manufacturing and marketing of
proprietary excimer laser and fiber optic equipment and techniques directed
toward the treatment of inflammatory and cosmetic skin disorders. In connection
with its current business plan, the initial medical applications for its excimer
laser technology are intended to be used in the treatment of psoriasis,
vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma. PhotoMedex is also developing its
technology for the treatment of other skin disorders. In January 2000,
PhotoMedex received the first Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, clearance to
market an excimer laser system, the XTRAC system, for the treatment of psoriasis
pursuant to a 510(k) submission. The 510(k) establishes that the XTRAC system
has been determined to be substantially equivalent to currently marketed devices
for purposes of treating psoriasis. PhotoMedex commercially launched the XTRAC
system in the United States in August 2000. In March 2001, PhotoMedex received
FDA clearance to market the XTRAC system for the treatment

of vitiligo. In August 2001, PhotoMedex received FDA clearance to market the
XTRAC system for the treatment of atopic dermatitis and for the treatment of
leukoderma in May 2002. XTRAC, PhotoMedex and its logo are registered trademarks
of PhotoMedex.

      In August 2000, after significant progress toward completing beta testing
of its psoriasis products, PhotoMedex shipped its first four XTRAC systems to
dermatologists for commercial use. During fiscal 2001, PhotoMedex continued in
its concerted effort to commercialize the XTRAC phototherapy system by refining
the laser design and enhancing reliability. These efforts allowed PhotoMedex to
obtain certain levels of acceptance by the insurance reimbursement community. To
date, PhotoMedex has received approval from approximately 50 health plans in 30
states to reimburse for claims submitted by patients or their doctors for
treatment of psoriasis utilizing the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex has also received
approval from eight insurers for reimbursement for treatment of vitiligo
utilizing the XTRAC system.

      In February 2002, the Current Procedural Terminology Editorial Board of
the American Medical Association, or AMA, approved the request by the American
Academy of Dermatology to issue reimbursement codes for laser therapies in the
treatment of psoriasis and other inflammatory diseases, which would include
laser therapy using the XTRAC system to treat such conditions. The AMA has
published three CPT code numbers covering the treatment of psoriasis and other
inflammatory skin diseases with the XTRAC system, including:

      -     laser treatment for inflammatory skin disease (psoriasis) - total
            area less than 250 square centimeters;

      -     laser treatment for inflammatory skin disease (psoriasis) - total
            area 250-500 square centimeters; and

      -     laser treatment for inflammatory skin disease (psoriasis) - total
            area over 500 square centimeters.

      These new codes will become effective on January 1, 2003. PhotoMedex
believes that the publication of these codes will facilitate PhotoMedex's
ability to obtain broader approvals for reimbursement for treatment of psoriasis
and other inflammatory skin diseases using the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex
anticipates that the AMA's Relative Value Update Committee will ascribe economic
values for each of these codes by the end of 2002.

      As a part of its commercialization strategy in the United States,
PhotoMedex is providing the XTRAC system to targeted dermatologists at no
initial capital cost to them. PhotoMedex believes that this strategy will create
substantial incentives for these dermatologists to adopt the XTRAC system and
will accelerate further market penetration. PhotoMedex expects to receive a
recurring stream of revenue from per-treatment charges to dermatologists for use
of the XTRAC system. However, PhotoMedex has decided to limit its domestic
placement of lasers until PhotoMedex obtains broader approvals for reimbursement
for treatment utilizing the XTRAC system. Outside of the United States, its
strategy includes selling XTRAC systems directly to dermatologists through its
distributors and placing XTRAC systems with dermatologists to provide PhotoMedex
with a usage-based revenue stream. As of June 30, 2002, PhotoMedex had generated
cumulative revenues of $1,382,030 from the phototherapy treatment system usage
and $5,483,000 from sales of XTRAC systems.

      OVERVIEW OF PSORIASIS

      Psoriasis is believed to be a non-contagious, autoimmune medical disorder
and a chronic inflammatory skin disease affecting more than seven million
Americans and between 1% and 3% of the world's population. There is no known
cure for psoriasis. Although clinical symptoms and severity vary greatly between
individuals and over periods of time, psoriasis appears most commonly as
inflamed swollen lesions covered with silvery white scales. Psoriasis patients
often suffer from debilitating and painful swelling, itching, bleeding, cracking
and burning of the skin, resulting in decreased mobility, depression and low
self-esteem. The National Psoriasis Foundation, or NPF, estimates that, in the
United States, dermatologists treat over 1.5 million psoriasis patients each
year and that the total annual spending by those patients is between $1.6
billion and $3.2 billion.

      While the exact cause of the disease remains unknown, the emerging
consensus among scientists and physicians characterizes psoriasis as an
autoimmune medical disorder in which excessive "T" cell stimulation in skin
cells activates an inflammatory response and excessive skin cell production. The
disease causes the rate at which skin cells are produced and pushed to the outer
skin layer to increase seven-fold, from every 28 days to every two to four days.
The rate at which skin cells die and subsequently shed from the skin, however,
remains constant, resulting in the buildup of cells at the outermost skin layer.

      Psoriasis cases are classified as mild (less than 2% of the body's surface
area affected and usually localized on the knees, elbows, scalp, hands and
feet), moderate (between 2% and 10% of the body's surface area affected and
usually appearing on the arms, legs, torso and head) and severe (greater than
10% of the body's surface area affected and potentially involving all areas of
the skin). The initial target market for PhotoMedex are patients with mild to
moderate psoriasis, which represent more than 80% of all psoriasis cases.

      CONVENTIONAL TREATMENT METHODS FOR PSORIASIS

      Currently, psoriasis is treated with topical treatments (such as skin
creams), systemic drugs and phototherapy.

      TOPICAL TREATMENTS. Although physicians generally use topical therapy as a
starting point for the treatment of psoriasis regardless of its severity, it is
typically recommended for patients with mild and moderate psoriasis. The most
commonly used topical treatment is corticosteroids that reduce inflammation,
itching and inhibit cell proliferation. Existing topical treatments have shown
efficacy for relatively short periods of time in only 45% of patients. Frequent
recurrence of the disease associated with topical therapies results in a high
number of required treatments, making topical therapies relatively inconvenient.
In addition to inconvenience and inherent messiness, topical therapies may cause
numerous side effects, including thinning skin, irritation, burning, skin
discoloration and light sensitivity.

      SYSTEMIC DRUGS. Methotrexate and cyclosporine, the most commonly used
systemic drugs, can successfully treat over 80% of psoriasis patients when
prescribed. These drugs, however, have very serious side effects, including
nausea, fatigue, liver damage and kidney dysfunction. Because of the potential
toxicity of these drugs, treatment protocols for methotrexate therapy require
ongoing liver biopsies, and cyclosporine treatments are generally restricted in
duration to one year. In addition, these systemic drugs are very expensive, with
annual treatment costs ranging from $1,700 to $8,300.

      PHOTOTHERAPY TREATMENTS. The most common phototherapy treatments are
Ultraviolet B radiation, or UVB, and psoralen with Ultraviolet A, or PUVA.
According to the NPF, these therapies are considered to be the most effective
treatments for people with moderate to severe psoriasis, temporarily clearing
psoriasis in over 80% of patients when prescribed.

      In most UVB treatment protocol, the whole body of the patient is radiated
with UVB rays, as the patient stands in a special booth lined with UVB lamps.
During this procedure, healthy skin, as well as psoriasis-affected skin, is
exposed to UVB radiation, which may cause severe burns and increase the risk of
skin cancer and premature aging. In order to manage potentially harmful
radiation and minimize side effects to healthy skin, the treating physician must
limit the intensity of the dosage. This results in a typical treatment cycle of
30 to 40 sessions or more, requiring a significant time commitment by psoriasis
patients. This time-consuming treatment cycle creates substantial inconvenience
and disruption to patients' life styles and leads to poor patient compliance.
The NPF estimates that 56 million hours of work are lost annually in the United
States due to the time spent on treating psoriasis using conventional UVB
treatment. Recently, one of PhotoMedex's competitors received FDA approval to
use traditional UVB light therapy with a fiber-optic light guide to assist in
limiting potential harmful radiation and minimize side effects. However,
clinical results are unsubstantiated at this time.

      PUVA, a treatment similar to UVB, is a combination of UVA with psoralen, a
drug used to increase a patient's sensitivity to the UVA rays. Although PUVA
allows a physician to achieve similar efficacy to UVB with fewer required
sessions, PUVA can cause additional side effects, including nausea, itching and
increased risk of cataracts. Additionally, PUVA treatments are expensive, with
the average annual cost of UVB and PUVA therapies ranging from $2,400 to $3,200.

                  COMPARISON OF CONVENTIONAL TREATMENT OPTIONS*

                               TREATMENT                                        POTENTIAL SIDE                COST PER
         THERAPY                  CYCLE         PATIENT EFFECTIVENESS               EFFECTS                      YEAR
- ------------------------       ----------       ---------------------   -------------------------------   ---------------

Topicals                          Daily                  45%            Irritation; straining; thinning   $1,500 - $1,600
                                                                        skin

Systemic drugs                    Daily                21-84%           Nausea; fatigue; liver damage;    $1,700 - $8,300
                                                 (dosage dependent)     kidney dysfunction; limited
                                                                        acceptable treatment duration

UVB                               30-40                87-89%           Skin cancer and premature aging   $2,400 - $2,600
                                                                        to healthy skin

PUVA                               20                    85%            Skin cancer and premature aging   $2,600 - $3,200
                                                                        to healthy skin; nausea;
                                                                        itching; cataracts

*Source: IMS, Medical Economics,  National Psoriasis Foundation,  RX MED, J. Koo
         Study, 7/96, Shani et al., International Journal of Dermatology 1999.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S SOLUTION FOR PSORIASIS

      PhotoMedex believes the XTRAC system is likely to replace existing methods
to treat mild to moderate psoriasis and to become the standard of care for the
majority of the seven million Americans suffering with psoriasis, including
those who presently do not seek care due to the lack of an effective and
convenient treatment.

      The product utilizes the ultraviolet light that has historically proven
effective for treating psoriasis and combines it with PhotoMedex's patented
laser technology. The XTRAC system utilizes a 308 nm light wavelength, which
studies have shown to be the optimal wavelength to treat psoriasis effectively
with a laser. The technology enables a physician to focus treatment solely on
the affected areas of the skin through a unique, proprietary light delivery
system. This ability to focus treatment only on affected skin areas permits
physicians to use a higher intensity light dose than is possible with
traditional ultraviolet light therapies. The XTRAC system is a safe and
effective treatment for psoriasis that requires fewer visits than conventional
phototherapy. Unlike conventional treatments, the XTRAC system targets only the
affected areas of the skin, sparing the surrounding skin areas. Unlike most
other lasers, the XTRAC system emits a pulsating beam of light that is neither
hot nor cold to the touch, resulting in no pain or discomfort to virtually all
patients.

      Clinical studies have demonstrated the XTRAC system to have equal or
greater efficacy than the most effective treatment alternatives presently
available for psoriasis. PhotoMedex believes the XTRAC system will become the
preferred method to treat most psoriasis as a result of high efficacy, wider
applicability, fewer side effects and greater convenience.

      WIDER APPLICABILITY. The XTRAC system enables the physician to deliver
concentrated doses of ultraviolet light to the psoriasis-affected skin at a
higher intensity than is possible with traditional ultraviolet light therapy. As
a result, physicians can use the XTRAC system to treat all degrees of psoriasis
from mild to moderate cases. The XTRAC system has also proven effective to treat
hinged body areas (elbows and knees), which previously have been the most
difficult areas of the body to effectively treat with topical treatments and
other ultraviolet light therapy.

      FEWER SIDE EFFECTS. Traditional ultraviolet light therapy may result in
severe side effects because it involves exposure of unaffected areas of the body
to potentially harmful ultraviolet light radiation. The XTRAC system enables
physicians to apply treatment on the affected areas of the skin in a relatively
high, focused dose, thereby minimizing many of the side effects of traditional
phototherapy.

      CONVENIENCE. During traditional ultraviolet light treatments, healthy
skin, as well as diseased skin, is exposed to ultraviolet light radiation, which
increases the possibility of potential side effects, principally skin cancer and
premature aging. Physicians usually attempt to minimize these side effects by
lowering the overall dosage of ultraviolet light in each treatment and
increasing the total number of required sessions. Consequently, traditional
ultraviolet light therapies require 30 to 40 or more sessions during a 10 to 12
week treatment cycle, creating substantial inconvenience for patients and
leading to poor patient compliance. PhotoMedex believes that the higher
intensity doses of ultraviolet light delivered by the XTRAC

system result in shorter treatment cycles, increased convenience and improved
patient compliance. To date, the XTRAC system has been shown to treat psoriasis
effectively in four to eight sessions during a treatment cycle of two to four
weeks.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S SOLUTION FOR VITILIGO

      On March 1, 2001, the FDA granted 510(k) clearance to market the XTRAC
system for the treatment of vitiligo. Vitiligo is a disease in which the skin
loses pigment due to destruction of the pigment cells, causing areas of the skin
to become lighter in color than adjacent healthy skin. This condition can be
distressing to patients. Between 1% and 2% of the population suffers from the
condition, and there is no known cure. The principal conventional treatments for
symptoms are PUVA radiation and, to a lesser extent, topical steroids and
combination therapies. According to the National Vitiligo Foundation, or NVF,
the cost of PUVA treatments, over a 12 to 18 month period, can run $6,000 or
more and involve 120 clinic visits. Moreover, according to the NVF, current
conventional treatments methods are unsatisfactory and many patients tend to
lose the pigment they were successful in gaining through PUVA therapy. The XTRAC
system can effectively re-pigment a patient's skin, restoring the patient's skin
to its original condition.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S SOLUTION FOR ATOPIC DERMATITIS

      In August 2001, the FDA granted 510(k) clearance to market the XTRAC
system for the treatment of atopic dermatitis. Atopic dermatitis is a common,
potentially debilitating condition that can compromise the quality of life for
those it affects. The condition appears as chronic inflammation of the skin that
occurs in persons of all ages, but is reported to be more common in children.
Skin lesions observed in atopic dermatitis vary greatly, depending on the
severity of inflammation, different stages of healing, chronic scratching and
frequent secondary infections. It is reported that atopic dermatitis affects
some 10% of children in the United States alone, and more than $364 million is
spent annually in the treatment of this disease. Treatment options include
corticosteroids, which can have negative side effects, and UVB phototherapy. The
use of UVB phototherapy in the treatment of atopic dermatitis has been shown
effective in published studies. Accordingly, because of the controlled and
targeted application provided by the XTRAC system, large areas of healthy skin
are not exposed to UVB light and the corresponding potential carcinogenic effect
of other phototherapy treatments.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S SOLUTION FOR LEUKODERMA

      In May 2002, the FDA granted 510(k) clearance to market the XTRAC system
for the treatment of leukoderma, commonly known as white spots and skin
discoloration from surgical scars, stretch marks, burns or injury from trauma.
The XTRAC excimer laser system utilizes UVB light to stimulate melanocytes, or
pigment cells, deep in the skin. As these cells move closer to the outer layers
of skin, repigmentation occurs.

      PHOTOMEDEX'S BUSINESS STRATEGY

      PhotoMedex's short-term goal is to establish the XTRAC system as the
standard of care in treating psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and
leukoderma patients. PhotoMedex's long-term goal is to become the world's
leading provider of photo-medicine technologies. The following are the key
elements of its strategy.

      ESTABLISH THE XTRAC SYSTEM AS THE STANDARD OF CARE FOR PSORIASIS, VITILIGO
AND ATOPIC DERMATITIS AND LEUKODERMA TREATMENT. Several key opinion leaders in
the dermatological community have endorsed the XTRAC system as the standard of
care for the majority of psoriasis and vitiligo patients. PhotoMedex intends to
accelerate the use of the XTRAC system by marketing to dermatologists through
its direct marketing force. PhotoMedex has also developed a set of unique
medical practice tools, such as patient education videos, patient letters,
sample press releases, point-of-sale displays and other advertising literature,
to assist the dermatologist in marketing the XTRAC system.

      BUILD BROAD CONSUMER AWARENESS PROGRAM TO ATTRACT THOSE NOT CURRENTLY
SEEKING TREATMENT. Of the seven million psoriasis patients in the United States,
only about 1.5 million seek care, largely due to the frustration caused by the
limited effectiveness, inconvenience and significant side effects of other
treatment alternatives. PhotoMedex has invested and will continue to invest in
print, radio and/or internet advertising to educate this skeptical, yet hopeful,
population about the XTRAC system that enables more convenient and effective
psoriasis treatment, once PhotoMedex has received widespread private payer
healthcare reimbursement.

      INCREASE INSTALLED BASE OF THE XTRAC SYSTEMS BY MINIMIZING ECONOMIC RISK
TO THE DERMATOLOGIST. In the United States, PhotoMedex plans to place the XTRAC
system in dermatologists' offices, with charges for treatment cards only. This
creates an opportunity for dermatologists to utilize its system without any
up-front capital costs, thereby eliminating inherent economic risk to them.
However, PhotoMedex has decided to limit its domestic placement of lasers until
it obtains broader approvals to reimburse for treatment utilizing the XTRAC
system. PhotoMedex also intends to market the XTRAC system in this manner
outside of the United States, but PhotoMedex has also sold and may continue to
sell XTRAC systems directly to dermatologists in these markets through its
distributors.

      GENERATE RECURRING REVENUE BY CHARGING THE DERMATOLOGIST A PER-TREATMENT
FEE. Because there is no known cure for psoriasis, PhotoMedex generates and
expects to continue to generate recurring revenue in the United States from
patients utilizing the XTRAC system by charging the dermatologist a
per-treatment fee for this chronic condition. Additionally, PhotoMedex intends
to increase its recurring revenue by targeting dermatologists whose practices
are located in geographic regions with the largest concentration of psoriasis
and vitiligo patients.

      SELL THE XTRAC SYSTEM IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES TO BE UTILIZED TO TREAT
PATIENTS ON A WIDER BASIS. PhotoMedex has entered into several distribution
agreements with respect to the proposed sale of the XTRAC system on an
international basis. PhotoMedex has chosen this marketing approach over a direct
marketing approach because of the varying economic, regulatory, insurance,
reimbursement and selling channel environments outside of the United States.
PhotoMedex intends to enter into additional agreements in other countries.
PhotoMedex cannot be certain that its international distributors will be
successful in marketing the XTRAC system outside of the United States or that
its distributors will purchase more than their minimum contractual allowances
under these agreements.

      EXPAND CLINICAL APPLICATIONS TO THE TREATMENT OF OTHER SKIN DISORDERS. In
addition to psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma, more than 30
other skin disorders respond positively to ultraviolet light therapy. PhotoMedex
invests and will continue to invest in research and development of new products
and in additional applications of its existing patented laser technology to
treat skin disorders other than psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and
leukoderma, which respond to ultraviolet light therapy.

      COMMERCIALIZE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY FOR OTHER APPLICATIONS. PhotoMedex's
patented laser technology has potential applications for nonmedical uses and for
medical uses beyond skin disorders. PhotoMedex also intends to continue to
expand its intellectual property base through research and development efforts.
PhotoMedex will consider appropriate commercial opportunities arising from third
party applications of its proprietary technology in areas other than skin
disorders. In addition, on August 1, 2000, PhotoMedex entered into a
non-exclusive license agreement with Komatsu, Ltd., or Komatsu, under which
Komatsu will pay PhotoMedex a royalty for the use of a U.S. laser patent
PhotoMedex owns in connection with its manufacture of semi-conductor lithography
equipment. PhotoMedex intends to continue to explore similar opportunities.

      THE XTRAC SYSTEM

      The XTRAC system combines the technology of an excimer laser, or "cold"
laser system (already in use for a variety of medical and cosmetic treatments),
with the use of ultraviolet light therapy. The XTRAC system applies, directly to
skin affected by psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis or leukoderma, a
concentrated dose of radiation at a higher intensity than traditional
ultraviolet light therapy. The XTRAC system consists of the laser, which is
mobile and approximately the size of a small filing cabinet, and a handpiece
attached to the laser by fiber optic cable, which is designed to permit direct
application of the ultraviolet light to affected skin.

      Between March 1998 and November 1999, PhotoMedex initiated five clinical
trials of the XTRAC system at Massachusetts General Hospital. PhotoMedex's
objective in these clinical trials was to compare the XTRAC laser technology
with standard ultraviolet light therapy in the treatment of psoriasis. In
January 2000, the FDA granted PhotoMedex 510(k) clearance to market the XTRAC
system based on the clinical results from these trials. The Massachusetts
General Hospital clinical trial, which involved 13 patients, concluded that the
XTRAC laser made it possible to treat psoriasis effectively with as few as one
session with moderately long remission. The study also concluded that the number
of treatments to remission depended largely on the intensity of the ultraviolet
light used, concluding that medium intensities seemed to provide the best
results with a superior balance between quick clearing and patient comfort.
PhotoMedex has agreed to support the clinical trials with research grants of
approximately $954,000, of which PhotoMedex has paid approximately $773,000 as
of March 29, 2002.

      To support its commercialization strategy, PhotoMedex began an additional
clinical trial in May 2000. The trial was designed to validate the results
obtained in the Massachusetts General Hospital clinical study in mainstream
dermatologists' offices. PhotoMedex established five beta sites throughout the
United States using the XTRAC system in a clinical trial of 124 persons. This
study, which has been completed, examined various aspects of excimer laser
therapy, including the number of treatments necessary for clearing, the
ultraviolet light intensity necessary for clearing, and overall patient
satisfaction. PhotoMedex's beta-site clinical study indicated that:

      -     approximately 72% of the subjects treated were 75% improved in
            slightly more than six sessions, with minimal and well-tolerated
            side effects;

      -     some subjects were cleared in as few as one session; and

      -     subjects were successfully treated who had psoriasis in the hinged
            body areas (knees and elbows), which have proven the most difficult
            for other alternative therapies to demonstrate any kind of remedial
            impact.

During 2001, PhotoMedex received FDA clearance to market the XTRAC system for
the treatment of vitiligo and atopic dermatitis, and for the treatment of
leukoderma in 2002, in addition to the psoriasis market clearance received in
fiscal 2000. PhotoMedex believes that it has benefited from the acceptance or
publication of seven clinical articles, which continue to validate the clinical
efficacy of its phototherapy treatments and have contributed to significant
advancement in the insurance reimbursement process. CIGNA and several Blue
Cross/Blue Shield affiliates have approved the XTRAC system for medically
necessary treatment of mild to moderate psoriasis.

      DOMESTIC COMMERCIALIZATION OF THE XTRAC SYSTEM

      In the United States, PhotoMedex is commercializing the XTRAC system in a
manner designed to provide a recurring revenue stream to both PhotoMedex and the
attending dermatologist, who would otherwise refer the patient for alternative
treatment and therefore forego associated revenues. PhotoMedex places units in
the offices of dermatologists with high-volume psoriasis practices at no
up-front capital cost to the dermatologists. However, PhotoMedex has decided to
limit its domestic placement of lasers until PhotoMedex obtains broader
approvals to reimburse for treatment utilizing the XTRAC system.

      A dermatologist generally takes delivery of the XTRAC system, under the
terms of PhotoMedex's standard usage agreement, and then has the right to
purchase pre-paid treatment cards for a flat fee of $2,250 each, representing 30
treatments for $75 each. These cards may be used for multiple treatments for the
same or different patients, for psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis or
leukoderma. The dermatologist retains any revenue received from patients or
their medical insurance providers.

      Currently, dermatologists who treat psoriasis patients using ultraviolet
light generally refer those patients to independent treatment centers. In such
cases, the physician does not ordinarily share in any of the revenue generated
from providing treatments to the patient. However, physicians using the XTRAC
system will treat the patients in the physicians' own offices and, therefore,
will retain a portion of the revenue that would otherwise be lost to outside
providers. In addition, in most states, under physician supervision, a
technician, rather than the physician, may apply the treatment, thus allowing
the dermatologist to continue treating other patients, while at the same time
increasing revenue from treatments using the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex believes
that this will create a significant incentive for the dermatologists to use the
XTRAC system.

      PhotoMedex has promoted the XTRAC system through trade shows, advertising
in scientific journals, industry magazines, radio and newsprint, as well as
direct mail programs. Its marketing campaign is designed to accelerate market
acceptance of the XTRAC system by increasing physician and patient awareness for
its new, unique technology.

      Because PhotoMedex's phototherapy laser constitutes a new form of
treatment for these diseases, to date, PhotoMedex has received approval for
reimbursement from approximately 50 private insurance plans in 30 states. Many
patients, at first, will not be able to obtain any reimbursement from their
insurance programs, or from Medicare or Medicaid, for the treatment.

      INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIALIZATION OF THE XTRAC SYSTEM

      PhotoMedex's international marketing plan is based on the sale of the
XTRAC system through independent, exclusive distributors. PhotoMedex does not
anticipate receiving revenues from resale or usage fees following its sales to
its foreign distributors. PhotoMedex has already entered into agreements with
distributors and end users in approximately 20 countries in Europe, the Middle
East, the Far East and Southeast Asia, and in Australia, Mexico, South Africa
and Colombia. PhotoMedex intends to market its products in other international
markets. In some countries, PhotoMedex anticipates developing relationships
similar to those in the United States, whereby PhotoMedex places a laser system
in the doctor's office for free or at minimal cost, and charge the doctor a
per-procedure fee.

      MARKETING

      PhotoMedex's sales and marketing organization included four full-time
employees in North America, two of whom are direct account representatives.
PhotoMedex pays its direct sales force employees a salary plus commission based
on laser usage by physicians. PhotoMedex has one international marketing
representative who currently markets the XTRAC system to distributors worldwide.

      MANUFACTURING

      PhotoMedex manufactures its products at its 11,500 square foot facility in
Carlsbad, California. The California facility is ISO 9001 certified. PhotoMedex
believes that its present manufacturing capacity at this facility is sufficient
to meet foreseeable demand for its products.

      PhotoMedex manufactures most of its own components and utilize certain
suppliers for the fabrication of selected components and subassemblies, which
are manufactured to its specifications. Most major components and raw materials,
including optics and electro-optic devices, are available from a variety of
sources. PhotoMedex conducts all final testing and inspection of its products.
PhotoMedex has established a quality control system to ensure that its
instruments are manufactured in accordance with FDA Quality System Requirements
and the EU medical device directive (EN 46001).

      RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

      PhotoMedex's research and development team includes two full-time
employees. PhotoMedex conducts its research and development activities at its
facility in Carlsbad, California. Its research and development expenditures were
approximately $2.0 million in 2001, $3.0 million in 2000, and $2.1 million in
1999.

      Research and development activities are focused on:

      -     the application of the XTRAC system to the treatment of other skin
            disorders, including scar pigmentation and oral lichen planus;

      -     developing additional devices to further improve the phototherapy
            treatments performed with the XTRAC system; and

      -     developing new lines of phototherapy products for medical
            treatments.

      PATENTS AND PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGIES

      PhotoMedex intends to protect its proprietary rights from unauthorized use
by third parties to the extent that its proprietary rights are covered by valid
and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. Patents
and other proprietary rights are an essential element of PhotoMedex's business.
Its policy is to file patent applications and to protect technology, inventions
and improvements to inventions that are commercially important to the
development of its business. PhotoMedex has six issued and three pending patents
in the United States, two Australian issued patents, one Canadian pending
patent, two Israeli issued patents, two Japanese pending patents, one issued and
two pending European Union, or EU, patents and one Chinese pending patent.

      PhotoMedex has licensed certain of its proprietary technology to Komatsu,
Inc. in connection with Komatsu's manufacture of semi-conductor lithography
equipment, for which PhotoMedex is entitled to receive royalty fees. PhotoMedex
also relies on trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements
and other protective measures to protect its intellectual property rights
pertaining to its products and technology.

      GOVERNMENT REGULATION

      PhotoMedex's products and research and development activities are
regulated by numerous governmental authorities, including the FDA and
corresponding state and foreign regulatory agencies. Any device manufactured or
distributed by PhotoMedex will be subject to pervasive and continuing regulation
by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act and other federal and state
laws and regulations govern the pre-clinical and clinical testing, design,
manufacture, use and promotion of medical devices and drugs, including the XTRAC
system and products currently under development by PhotoMedex. Product
development and approval within this regulatory framework takes a number of
years and involves the expenditure of substantial resources.

      In the United States, medical devices are classified into three different
classes, Class I, II and III, on the basis of controls deemed reasonably
necessary to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. Class I devices
are subject to general controls, such as labeling, pre-market notification and
adherence to the FDA's good manufacturing practices and quality system
regulations. Class II devices are subject to general and special controls, such
as performance standards, post market surveillance, patient registries and FDA
guidelines. Class III devices are those which must receive pre-market approval
by the FDA to ensure their safety and effectiveness, such as life-sustaining,
life-supporting and implantable devices, or new devices, which have been found
not to be substantially equivalent to legally marketed devices.

      Before a new medical device can be marketed, marketing clearance must be
obtained through a pre-market notification under Section 510(k) of the Food and
Drug Modernization Act of 1997, or the FDA Act, or a pre-market approval
application under Section 515 of the FDA Act. The FDA will typically grant a
510(k) clearance if it can be established that the device is substantially
equivalent to a predicate device that is a legally marketed Class I or II device
or certain Class III devices. On January 27, 2000, the FDA issued 510(k)
clearance to market the XTRAC system for the treatment of psoriasis, on March 1,
2001, for the treatment of vitiligo, on August 2, 2001 for the treatment of
atopic dermatitis and on May 16, 2002 for the treatment of leukoderma. For any
devices that are cleared through the 510(k) process, modifications or
enhancements that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness, or
that constitute a major change in the intended use of the device, will require
new 510(k) submissions. A pre-market approval application may be required if a
proposed device is not substantially equivalent to a legally marketed Class I or
II device, or for certain Class III devices. A pre-market approval application
must be supported by valid scientific evidence to demonstrate the safety and
effectiveness of the device, typically including the results of clinical trials,
bench tests and laboratory and animal studies. In addition, the submission must
include the proposed labeling, advertising literature and any training
materials. The pre-market approval process can be expensive, uncertain and
lengthy, and a number of devices for which FDA approval has been sought by other
companies have never been approved for marketing.

      PhotoMedex is subject to routine inspection by the FDA and must comply
with a number of regulatory requirements that usually apply to medical devices
marketed in the United States, including labeling regulation, good manufacturing
process requirements, medical device reporting regulation (which requires a
manufacturer to report to the FDA certain types of adverse events involving its
products), and the FDA's prohibitions against promoting products for unapproved
or off-label uses.

      PhotoMedex is also subject to the Radiation Control for Health and Safety
Act with laser radiation safety regulations administered by the Center for
Devices and Radiological Health, or CDRH, of the FDA. These regulations require
laser manufacturers to file new products and annual reports, to maintain quality
control, product testing and sales records, to incorporate certain design and
operating features in lasers sold to end users and to certify and label each
laser sold, except those sold to private label customers, as belonging to one of
four classes, based on the level of radiation from the laser that is accessible
to users. Various warning labels must be affixed and certain protective devices
installed, depending on the class of product. The CDRH is empowered to seek
fines and other remedies for violations of the regulatory requirements. To date,
PhotoMedex has filed the documentation with the CDRH for its laser products
requiring such filing, and has not experienced any difficulties or incurred
significant costs in complying with such regulations.

      PhotoMedex has received ISO 9001/EN46001 certification for the XTRAC
system. This authorizes PhotoMedex to affix a CE Mark to its products as
evidence that they meet all European Community, or EU, quality assurance
standards and compliance with applicable European medical device directives for
the production of medical devices. This will enable PhotoMedex to market its
products in all of the member countries of the EU. PhotoMedex also will be
required to comply with additional individual national requirements that are
outside the scope of those required by the EU. Failure to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements can result in fines, injunctions, civil penalties,
recalls or seizures of products, total or partial suspensions of production,
refusals by foreign governments to permit product sales and criminal
prosecution.

      THIRD-PARTY REIMBURSEMENT

      PhotoMedex's ability to market products successfully will depend in part
on the extent to which various third parties are willing to reimburse patients
or providers for the cost of medical procedures utilizing its treatment
products. These third parties include government authorities, private health
insurers and other organizations, such as health maintenance organizations.
Third-party payors are systematically challenging the prices charged for medical
products and services. They may deny reimbursement if they determine that a
prescribed device is not used in accordance with cost-effective treatment
methods as determined by the payor, or is experimental, unnecessary or
inappropriate. Accordingly, if less costly drugs are available, third-party
payors may not authorize or may limit reimbursement for the use of its products,
even if its products are safer or more effective than the alternatives.
Additionally, they may require changes to its pricing structure and revenue
model before authorizing reimbursement.

      To date, PhotoMedex has received approval from approximately 50 health
plans in 30 states to reimburse for claims submitted by patients or their
doctors for treatment of psoriasis utilizing the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex has
also received approval from eight insurers for reimbursement for treatment of
vitiligo utilizing the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex can give no assurance that any
other health insurers will agree to any reimbursement policy or that currently
reimbursing insurers will not adversely modify their reimbursement policies for
the use of the XTRAC system in the future. PhotoMedex intends to seek coverage
and reimbursement for the use of the XTRAC system to treat atopic dermatitis or
leukoderma and complete additional clinical studies. There can be no assurances
that PhotoMedex will be in a position to seek reimbursement for the use of the
XTRAC system to treat atopic dermatitis or leukoderma, or, if PhotoMedex does,
that any health insurers will agree to any reimbursement policy. However,
PhotoMedex believes that the recent publication of the CPT codes by the AMA
cover the use of the XTRAC system for the treatment of atopic dermatitis or
leukoderma as an inflammatory skin disease.

      PhotoMedex is in discussions with the payment and coverage staff in the
national office of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS
(formerly known as the Health Care Financing Administration), and the local Part
B Carriers regarding coverage of, and reimbursement for, the cost of treatment
for psoriasis utilizing the XTRAC system. This is not a formal request for a
national coverage policy, a process that can take from 18 to 24 months to
complete. PhotoMedex is pursuing a more informal approach to obtain Medicare
reimbursement in an effort to expedite the process. PhotoMedex cannot assure you
that a favorable response will be received from CMS or the carriers. If CMS or
the carriers do not grant the right to reimbursement, it could have a material
adverse effect on its business. PhotoMedex is not yet seeking Medicare coverage
for treatment of vitiligo, atopic dermatitis or leukoderma, although PhotoMedex
intends to initiate such an effort in the future. PhotoMedex cannot assure you
that psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis or leukoderma patients will be
willing to pay the extra amount required to obtain treatment with the XTRAC
system. The failure to achieve this goal could have a material adverse effect on
its business operations and financial condition.

      In February 2002, the Current Procedural Terminology Editorial Board of
the AMA approved the request by the American Academy of Dermatology to issue
reimbursement codes for laser therapies in the treatment of psoriasis and other
inflammatory skin diseases, which would include laser therapy using the XTRAC
system to treat such conditions. The AMA has published three CPT code numbers
covering the treatment of psoriasis and other inflammatory skin diseases with
the XTRAC system. These new codes will become effective on January 1, 2003.
PhotoMedex believes that the publication of these codes will facilitate
PhotoMedex's ability to obtain broader approvals for reimbursement for treatment
of psoriasis and other inflammatory skin diseases using the XTRAC system.
PhotoMedex anticipates that the AMA's Relative Value Update Committee will
ascribe economic values for each of these codes by the end of 2002.

      Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly by
country and by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must be
obtained on a country-by-country basis. Many international markets have
government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new devices
and procedures. In most markets, there

are private insurance systems, as well as government-managed systems.
PhotoMedex's products have not been approved for reimbursement in any
international markets under either government or private reimbursement systems.

      COMPETITION

      The market for the XTRAC system is highly competitive. PhotoMedex competes
with other products and methodologies used to treat the symptoms of psoriasis,
vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma, including topical treatments,
systemic medications and other phototherapies. PhotoMedex believes that the
XTRAC system will compete with alternative psoriasis treatments primarily on the
basis of its effectiveness, as well as on the basis of lower out-of-pocket costs
as compared to costs associated with alternative treatments. Market acceptance
of the XTRAC system to treat these diseases is dependent on PhotoMedex's ability
to establish with the medical and patient communities the efficacy of the XTRAC
system as the standard of care. In addition, all or a portion of patient costs
for many of the alternative treatments are paid or are reimbursable by health
insurance coverage or other third party payors, such as Medicaid and Medicare.
Patient costs for treatments utilizing the XTRAC system will not be initially
eligible for health care coverage or reimbursement by third party payors until
such payors approve reimbursement. This may cause some patients or physicians to
choose alternative treatments offered by PhotoMedex's competitors.

      PhotoMedex also faces direct competition from other companies, including
large pharmaceutical companies, engaged in the research, development and
commercialization of treatments for psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and
leukoderma. In some cases, those companies have already commenced clinical
trials for such treatments. Many of these companies have significantly greater
financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing,
conducting pre-clinical studies and clinical trials, and marketing than does
PhotoMedex.

      Various other companies are now marketing laser based phototherapy
treatment products. One competitor has received FDA clearance to market an
excimer laser for the treatment of psoriasis in the United States and another is
currently marketing an excimer laser for the treatment of skin disorders outside
of the United States. Two others have developed pulse-dye lasers, which are
being explored as treatments for psoriasis. Most recently, one company has
announced FDA market clearance for a standard UVB light based system using a
fiber-optic delivery system for the treatment of skin disorders. All of these
technologies will continue to evolve with time.

      In addition, other companies compete with PhotoMedex in recruiting and
retaining qualified scientific, management and marketing personnel.

      PROPERTIES

      PhotoMedex entered into a lease on August 4, 1998, with an unaffiliated
third party consisting of 11,500 square feet of office space, manufacturing and
warehousing located at 2431 Impala Drive, Carlsbad, California, 92008. The term
of the lease is 57 months, commencing December 1, 1998. The lease cost is $8,050
per month. There are two five-year options to extend the term of the lease, for
a total occupancy of approximately 15 years, if desired by PhotoMedex.
PhotoMedex's Carlsbad facility houses its manufacturing and development
operations for its excimer laser business.

      PhotoMedex occupies approximately 1,850 square feet of office space in
Radnor, Pennsylvania, which serves as its executive offices. The lease for this
property has a five-year term, commencing April 1, 2000, and provides for a
monthly rent ranging from approximately $4,940 per month to $5,555 per month
over the term of the lease.

      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      PhotoMedex is a defendant in an action filed by its former landlord in
Orlando, Florida, City National Bank of Florida in the Circuit Court of the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, in and for Orange County, Florida (City National Bank of
Florida, as Trustee of Land Trust No. 500-7163, Plaintiff, vs. Laser Photonics,
Inc., and Lastec, Inc., Defendants (Case No. CIO-00-9769)). The complaint seeks
to recover unpaid rent for the facility PhotoMedex occupied prior to the sale of
assets related to the operations of its former Orlando, Florida facility to
Lastec, Inc. The rent is unpaid from approximately the date of the sale.
PhotoMedex claims that the amount alleged to be due, $143,733.75, is excessive
in light of City

National's failure to take steps to retake possession of the facility after it
was abandoned by Lastec. PhotoMedex also asserts that its obligation to pay rent
ceased upon the effective date of the asset sale to Lastec. PhotoMedex has filed
an answer denying liability and asserting affirmative defenses. In connection
with the settlement and dismissal of a separate action filed by PhotoMedex
against Lastec and its principals related to the asset sale, PhotoMedex received
$10,000 in cash and Lastec and its principals have agreed in writing to be
responsible to pay any settlement or monetary judgment to the landlord. They
also have agreed to post a surety bond in the amount of $100,000 to secure such
a payment. The bond has not been posted to date and PhotoMedex intends to take
legal action to enforce this written agreement. Based on information currently
available, PhotoMedex cannot evaluate the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome.

      Except as set forth above, PhotoMedex is not aware of any material legal
actions, pending or threatened, or any judgment entered against it or any of its
executive officers or directors, in his capacity as such.

      EMPLOYEES

      PhotoMedex has 37 full-time employees, which consist of three executive
personnel (two executive personnel at its Radnor, Pennsylvania facility and one
at its Carlsbad California facility), five sales and marketing staff, 13 engaged
in manufacturing of laser products, four customer-field service personnel, two
engaged in research and development, four engineers and six finance and
administration staff. In addition, PhotoMedex employs one part-time person for
engineering. PhotoMedex intends to hire additional personnel as the development
of its business makes such action appropriate. The loss of the services of key
employees could have a material adverse effect on its business. Since there is
intense competition for qualified personnel knowledgeable of its industry, no
assurances can be given that PhotoMedex will be successful in retaining and
recruiting needed personnel.

      PhotoMedex's employees are not represented by a labor union or covered by
a collective bargaining agreement, and PhotoMedex believes that it has good
relations with its employees. PhotoMedex provides its employees with certain
benefits, including health insurance.

      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

      The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with
the consolidated financial statements and related notes of PhotoMedex included
elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.

      OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS

      PhotoMedex is engaged in the development, manufacturing and marketing of
proprietary excimer laser and fiber optic equipment and techniques directed
toward the treatment of inflammatory and cosmetic skin disorders. In connection
with PhotoMedex's current business plan, the initial medical applications for
its excimer laser technology are intended to be used in the treatment of
psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma. PhotoMedex is also
developing its technology for the treatment of other skin disorders. In January
2000, PhotoMedex received the first Food and Drug Administration, or FDA,
clearance to market an excimer laser system, the XTRAC system, for the treatment
of psoriasis pursuant to a 510(k) submission. PhotoMedex commercially launched
the XTRAC system in the United States in August 2000. In March 2001, PhotoMedex
received FDA clearance to market the XTRAC system for the treatment of vitiligo.
In August 2001, PhotoMedex received FDA clearance to market the XTRAC system for
the treatment of atopic dermatitis and for the treatment of leukoderma in May
2002.

      Prior to November 1999, PhotoMedex's business strategy consisted of the
development of a wide range of laser products using different solid-state
lasers. From 1986 to the present, PhotoMedex sold over 1,000 lasers, usually on
a private label basis, to other manufacturers. PhotoMedex also considered
pursuing a strategy of using its excimer laser technology for a photolithography
product, which was abandoned. PhotoMedex's former strategies proved to be
unsuccessful, in the opinion of then current management. Although PhotoMedex
generated revenues from the sale of products, former management believed that
PhotoMedex would never be able to operate profitably in the markets where
PhotoMedex was then doing business. PhotoMedex currently believes that its
excimer laser technology provides the basis for reliable cost-effective systems
that will increasingly be used in connection with a variety of applications.
Accordingly, PhotoMedex has discontinued its business operations related to its
former business strategy and is focused solely on excimer laser products for
various medical applications.

      PhotoMedex's excimer laser power source was developed to perform a variety
of material processing applications. The overall system, known as the pulsed
excimer laser, received clearance by the FDA under an investigational device
exemption for marketing in the treatment of occlusive coronary artery disease,
as an adjunct to coronary artery bypass graft surgery. PhotoMedex chose not to
pursue completion of the exemption due to the lack of funds to pay the costs of
and to recruit patients into the necessary studies. In connection with the
cardiovascular and vascular uses of the excimer laser technology, on August 19,
1997, PhotoMedex entered into a strategic alliance with Edwards for the
manufacture and marketing of excimer laser products for an experimental
procedure known as transmyocardial revascularization, or TMR. In September 1997,
Edwards purchased from a third party rights to related patents for the use of an
excimer laser to ablate tissue in vascular and cardiovascular applications for
$4,000,000. The ablation technology underlying the patents has been successfully
used in other applications for many years. In December 1997, PhotoMedex
reimbursed Edwards for the $4,000,000 purchase price of the rights from the
third party. Under the terms of the agreement with Edwards, PhotoMedex obtained
a license to manufacture excimer lasers and related products for use in
cardiovascular procedures using such technology in connection with the agreement
with Edwards. PhotoMedex's strategic relationship with Edwards has terminated,
and PhotoMedex has no current business plan to commercialize the excimer laser
system for TMR. PhotoMedex has evaluated the various alternatives for exploiting
the license. During the fourth quarter of 2001, PhotoMedex completed its
evaluation and concluded that the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to
be derived from this license were less than the carrying value of the license.
PhotoMedex also believes that any operations relating to this license will
generate negative cash flows over the next several years due to the additional
costs that would need to be incurred to further develop and market products
based on this technology. Accordingly, PhotoMedex recorded an impairment charge
in the fourth quarter of 2001 of approximately $2,000,000 associated with the
write down of the $4,000,000 reimbursement paid to Edwards.

      In August 2000, after significant progress toward completing beta testing
of its psoriasis products, PhotoMedex shipped its first four XTRAC systems to
dermatologists for commercial use. During fiscal 2001, PhotoMedex continued in
its concerted effort to commercialize the XTRAC phototherapy system by refining
the laser design and enhancing reliability. These efforts allowed PhotoMedex to
obtain certain levels of acceptance by the insurance reimbursement community. To
date, PhotoMedex has received approval from approximately 50 health plans in 30
states to reimburse for claims submitted by patients or their doctors for
treatment of psoriasis utilizing the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex has also received
approval from eight insurers for reimbursement for treatment of vitiligo
utilizing the XTRAC system.

      In February 2002, the Current Procedural Terminology Editorial Board of
the AMA approved the request by the American Academy of Dermatology to issue
reimbursement codes for laser therapies in the treatment of psoriasis and other
inflammatory diseases, which would include laser therapy using the XTRAC system
to treat such conditions. The AMA has published three CPT code numbers covering
the treatment of psoriasis and other inflammatory skin diseases with the XTRAC
system. These new codes will become effective on January 1, 2003. PhotoMedex
believes that the publication of these codes will facilitate its ability to
obtain broader approvals for reimbursement for treatment of psoriasis and other
inflammatory skin diseases using the XTRAC system. PhotoMedex anticipates that
the AMA's Relative Value Update Committee will ascribe economic values for each
of these codes by the end of 2002.

      As a part of its commercialization strategy in the United States,
PhotoMedex is providing the XTRAC system to targeted dermatologists at no
initial capital cost to them. PhotoMedex believes that this strategy will create
substantial incentives for these dermatologists to adopt the XTRAC system and
will accelerate further market penetration. PhotoMedex expects to receive a
recurring stream of revenue from per-treatment charges to dermatologists for use
of the XTRAC system. However, PhotoMedex has decided to limit its domestic
placement of lasers until PhotoMedex obtains broader approvals for reimbursement
for treatment utilizing the XTRAC system. Outside of the United States,
PhotoMedex's strategy includes selling XTRAC systems directly to dermatologists
through its distributors and placing XTRAC systems with dermatologists to
provide PhotoMedex with a usage-based revenue stream. As of June 30, 2002,
PhotoMedex has generated cumulative revenues of $1,382,030 from the phototherapy
treatment system usage and $5,483,000 from sales of XTRAC systems.

      DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

      To facilitate its focus on excimer laser technology, PhotoMedex sold
certain of its non-excimer laser assets which were related to its business
operations at its Orlando, Florida and Wilmington, Massachusetts facilities. As
of May 4, 2000, PhotoMedex sold certain assets, including certain patents
related to non-excimer laser products related to its Florida business
operations, to Lastec, Inc., or Lastec, for a purchase price of $375,000. Lastec
is not affiliated with PhotoMedex. PhotoMedex has discontinued its Florida
operations. Lastec paid PhotoMedex a deposit of $37,500, and executed a secured
promissory note in the principal amount of $337,500, payable in three
installments, all of which were due prior to

December 31, 2000 and are in default. The promissory note accrues interest at
the rate of 8% per annum. The promissory note is secured by the assets assigned
by PhotoMedex to Lastec in connection with the transaction, and is guaranteed by
the two principals of Lastec. To date, PhotoMedex has not received any payments
due under the secured promissory note. PhotoMedex filed an action against Lastec
and its principals to collect on the secured promissory note and for breach of
the related asset purchase agreement. Lastec has filed a counterclaim against
PhotoMedex seeking to rescind the note and recover the $37,500 deposit Lastec
paid for the assets. PhotoMedex has filed an answer denying these allegations.
The promissory note has been written off and was included in the loss on sale of
discontinued operations. Any gain resulting from future payments received by
PhotoMedex will be recognized when received.

      Further, PhotoMedex completed the sale of certain assets and the grant of
an exclusive license for certain patents related to non-excimer lasers related
to its Massachusetts business operations to Laser Components GmbH, for a
purchase price of $213,000. Laser Components is not affiliated with PhotoMedex.
In addition, Laser Components assumed PhotoMedex's prospective obligations under
its Massachusetts office lease. PhotoMedex has discontinued its Massachusetts
operations.

      Accordingly, the former operations at PhotoMedex's Florida and
Massachusetts facilities are being accounted in the consolidated financial
statements of PhotoMedex included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus,
as "discontinued operations," with a measurement date of May 4, 2000. These
consolidated financial statements reflect the operating results and balance
sheet items of the discontinued operations separately from continuing
operations. PhotoMedex recognized a loss of $277,401 from the sale of these
discontinued operations in the quarter ended June 30, 2000.

      Management's decision to suspend these business operations is consistent
with PhotoMedex's new business strategy. Revenues from discontinued operations
during the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 were approximately $189,000
and $1,110,000, respectively. Loss from discontinued operations during the years
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 were approximately $369,000 and $852,000,
respectively. There were no revenues or losses from discontinued operations for
the year ended December 31, 2001.

      SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

      The following table sets forth certain unaudited financial data for each
of the quarters within the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 and
the quarters in the six months ended June 30, 2002. This information has been
derived from the consolidated financial statements of PhotoMedex and, in
management's opinion, reflects all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of the information for
the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
necessarily indicative of results for any future period:

                                                                (UNAUDITED)
                                                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
2002 QUARTER ENDED                                   MARCH 31             JUNE 30
                                                 -----------------   -----------------

Revenues                                              $  952              $   843
Net loss                                              $(2,128)            $ (2,303)
Basic and diluted net loss per share                  $ (0.09)            $  (0.09)
Shares used in computing basic and                   24,179,953          25,010,953
   diluted net loss per share

                                                                                  (UNAUDITED)
                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
2001 QUARTER ENDED                                    MARCH 31             JUNE 30             SEPT. 30            DEC. 31
                                                     ----------           ----------         ------------        ------------

Revenues                                              $  1,221            $   2,091            $    803            $    615
Net loss                                              $ (3,841)           $  (3,358)           $ (3,656)           $ (4,883)
Basic and diluted loss per share:
Continuing operations                                 $  (0.21)           $   (0.18)           $  (0.19)           $  (0.22)
Discontinued operations                                     -                    -                   -                   -
Basic and diluted net loss per share                  $  (0.21)           $   (0.18)           $  (0.19)           $  (0.22)
Shares used in computing basic and                   17,916,009           19,130,062          19,138,027          22,871,772
   diluted net loss per share

                                                                                  (UNAUDITED)
                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
2000 QUARTER ENDED                                   MARCH 31             JUNE 30           SEPT. 30            DEC. 31
                                                     ----------           ----------        ------------        ------------

Revenues                                              $     -             $    570             $    59             $   340
Loss from continuing operations                         (2,761)              (2,625)             (3,085)             (4,275)
Loss from discontinued operations                         (349)                 (20)                 -                   -
Loss on sale of discontinued operations                     -                  (277)                 -                   -
Net loss                                              $ (3,110)           $  (2,922)           $ (3,085)           $ (4,275)
Continuing operations                                 $  (0.20)           $   (0.17)           $  (0.19)           $  (0.24)
Discontinued operations                                  (0.03)               (0.02)                 -                   -
Basic and diluted net loss per share                  $  (0.23)           $   (0.19)           $  (0.19)           $  (0.24)
Shares used in computing basic and                   13,593,171           15,422,148          16,527,065          17,477,303
   diluted net loss per share

      RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

      RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND SIX-MONTH PERIODS ENDED JUNE 30,
2002 AND 2001. PhotoMedex generated revenues of $842,699 and $1,795,072 during
the three and six months ended June 30, 2002, respectively. Of these amounts,
$597,500 and $1,309,500 relate to the sale of its excimer lasers and spare parts
to distributors outside of the United States for the three and six months ended
June 30, 2002, respectively. Additionally, for the three and six months ended
June 30, 2002, PhotoMedex generated $245,199 and $485,572, respectively, in
revenues from treatments performed with its excimer laser in the United States.
PhotoMedex generated revenues of $2,090,752 and $3,311,354 during the three and
six months ended June 30, 2001, respectively. Of these amounts, $1,769,500 and
$2,924,500 related to the sale of its excimer lasers to distributors outside of
the United States. Additionally, for the three and six months ended June 30,
2001, PhotoMedex generated $321,252 and $386,854, respectively, in revenues from
treatments performed with its excimer laser in the United States.

      Cost of revenues during the three and six months ended June 30, 2002 was
$174,772 and $426,270, respectively. Cost of revenues during these periods
related primarily to the production costs of the XTRAC laser equipment and spare
parts sold outside of the United States. Cost of revenues during the three and
six months ended June 30, 2001 was $557,600 and $892,160, respectively. Cost of
revenues during these periods also related primarily to the production costs of
the XTRAC laser equipment sold outside of the United States.

      Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and six months
ended June 30, 2002 were $2,188,786 and $4,415,400 compared to $3,705,794 and
$7,549,408 in 2001, respectively. Included in selling, general and
administrative expenses during the three and six months ended June 30, 2002 were
approximately $320,000 of warranty expenses accrued for planned capacity
improvements for international lasers sold. These overall period to period
decreases related to reductions in consulting and professional fees related to
marketing expenses for the XTRAC systems and reductions in personnel and
overhead expenses with respect to the infrastructure to maximize the use of
operating cash while PhotoMedex continued to implement its business plan to
commercialize the XTRAC system.

      Research and development expenses during the three months ended June 30,
2002 decreased to $360,906 from $800,209 for the three months ended June 30,
2001. During the six months ended June 30, 2002, research and development
expenses decreased to $533,236 from $1,363,884 for the six months ended June 30,
2001. These decreases related primarily to PhotoMedex's focus on refining the
operability of its phototherapy laser products.

      Depreciation and amortization during the three months ended June 30, 2002
decreased to $426,528 from $502,313 during the three months ended June 30, 2001.
Depreciation and amortization during the six months ended June 30, 2002
decreased to $850,904 from $932,441 during the six months ended June 30, 2001.
These decreases related primarily to the elimination of the amortization of
goodwill associated with PhotoMedex's purchase of the remaining 23.9% of its
former wholly-owned subsidiary, Acculase (which has been merged into PhotoMedex)
and the elimination of the amortization of the license fee with Edwards, which
was written off through an impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2001. This
decrease was offset by additional depreciation associated with higher property
and equipment balances.

      Net interest income during the three months ended June 30, 2002 decreased
to $4,436, as compared to $85,187 for the three months ended June 30, 2001. Net
interest income during the six months ended June 30, 2002 decreased to $3,368,

as compared to $197,336 for the six months ended June 30, 2001. The decreases
related primarily to a smaller average balance of cash and investments during
the three and six months ended June 30, 2002, as significant investments have
been made in infrastructure development and capital investment in lasers in
service.

      Other income during the three months ended June 30, 2002 was $590 as
compared to other income of $32,052 during the three months ended June 30, 2001.
Other expense during the six months ended June 30, 2002 was $4,371 as compared
to other income of $30,305 during the six months ended June 30, 2002.

      The aforementioned factors resulted in a net loss of $2,303,267 and
$4,431,741 during the three and six months ended June 30, 2002, as compared to a
net loss of $3,357,925 and $7,198,898 during the three and six months ended June
30, 2001.

      RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 AND 2000.
PhotoMedex generated revenues of $4,730,458 during the year ended December 31,
2001, of which $856,958 was generated from treatments performed with the XTRAC
system, and $3,873,500 was generated from sales of its excimer lasers to
distributors and end users outside of the United States. As of December 31,
2001, PhotoMedex had shipped approximately 150 excimer laser systems to
dermatologists for commercial use in the United States. PhotoMedex generated
revenues of $968,771 during the year ended December 31, 2000, of which $629,271
related to the sale of laser equipment in connection with the Edwards Agreement.
During the fourth quarter of 2000, PhotoMedex generated $39,500 in revenues from
treatments performed with the XTRAC system. In addition, during the fourth
quarter of 2000, PhotoMedex sold four of its excimer lasers for $300,000 to a
distributor outside of the United States. As of December 31, 2000, PhotoMedex
had shipped 66 XTRAC systems to dermatologists for commercial use in the United
States.

      Cost of revenues increased to $1,338,240 during the year ended December
31, 2001 from $428,520 during the year ended December 31, 2000. Cost of revenues
during the year ended December 31, 2001 primarily related to the manufacturing
costs of the XTRAC laser equipment sold outside of the United States. Cost of
revenues during the year ended December 31, 2000 primarily related to the costs
of the laser equipment sold in connection with the Edwards agreement.

      Selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended
December 31, 2001 increased to $13,266,157 from $10,364,755 during the year
ended December 31, 2000. The increase primarily related to the building of
PhotoMedex's infrastructure to enable it to implement its business plan to
commercialize the XTRAC treatment system, as well as increases to its allowance
for uncollectible accounts. Specifically, this increase from 2000 included
consulting and professional fees related to marketing expenses necessary to
promote the XTRAC systems, increased salaries and related costs associated with
a larger sales and marketing staff and overhead expenses with respect to
infrastructure.

      Research and development during the year ended December 31, 2001 decreased
to $2,016,919 from $3,015,018 during the year ended December 31, 2000. This
decrease related primarily to the reduced spending requirements needed to
complete the refinements needed in the laser that had been brought to market in
fiscal 2000. Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31,
2001 primarily related to the enhancement of the excimer laser system for its
psoriasis, vitiligo and atopic dermatitis products. Additionally, research and
development expenses in 2000 included the write-off of its TMR inventory of
approximately $140,000.

      Depreciation and amortization during the year ended December 31, 2001
increased to $2,178,585 from $835,143 during the year ended December 31, 2000.
These amounts primarily related to the amortization of the license fee from
Edwards and the depreciation of lasers placed in service during the year. As a
result of its purchase of the remaining 23.9% of Acculase, on August 31, 2000,
amortization increased. The 2000 amount includes four months of amortization
associated with the intangible assets related to this transaction, whereas the
2001 amount included 12 months of amortization.

      PhotoMedex recorded an asset impairment charge in the fourth quarter of
2001 of $1,958,333 associated with the write down of the license agreement with
Edwards. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements of PhotoMedex
included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.

      Net interest income during the year ended December 31, 2001 was $213,333,
as compared to $567,129 for the year ended December 31, 2000. Net interest
income during the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 related primarily to
interest earned on invested cash balances from the proceeds of private
placements of its securities.

      Other income during the year ended December 31, 2001 decreased to $76,840
from $362,014 during the year ended December 31, 2000. Other income for the year
ended December 31, 2000 related to the forgiveness of selected payables by
certain of its creditors.

      As a result of the foregoing, PhotoMedex incurred a net loss of
$15,737,603 during the year ended December 31, 2001, as compared to a net loss
of $13,392,064 during the year ended December 31, 2000. PhotoMedex incurred a
loss from continuing operations of $15,737,603 during the year ended December
31, 2001, as compared to a loss from continuing operations of $12,745,522 during
the year ended December 31, 2000. These increased losses were primarily the
result of the $1,958,333 charge to continuing operations associated with the
write down of the license agreement with Edwards.

      RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999.
PhotoMedex generated revenues of $968,771 during the year ended December 31,
2000, of which $629,271 related to the sale of laser equipment in connection
with the Edwards Agreement. Revenues from continuing operations for the year
ended December 31, 1999 were $99,248 and related to the sale of laser equipment
in connection with the Edwards Agreement. These revenues will not occur in the
future. As of December 31, 2000, PhotoMedex had shipped 66 excimer laser systems
to dermatologists for commercial use in the United States. During the fourth
quarter of 2000, PhotoMedex generated $39,500 in revenues from treatments
performed with its excimer laser. In addition, during the fourth quarter of
2000, PhotoMedex sold four of its excimer lasers for $300,000 to a distributor
outside of the United States.

      Cost of revenues during the year ended December 31, 2000 increased to
$428,520 from $4,447 during the year ended December 31, 1999, due to the costs
of the laser equipment sold in connection with the Edwards Agreement, as well as
the cost of XTRAC laser equipment sold outside of the United States.

      Selling, general and administrative expenses during the year ended
December 31, 2000 increased to $10,364,755 from $4,341,986 during the year ended
December 31, 1999. Included in selling, general and administrative expenses for
the year ended December 31, 2000 were $808,766 related to a charge associated
with the acceleration of vesting of certain options granted to the Chairman of
its Scientific Advisory Board, as well as $587,663 related to charges associated
with the granting of options to certain of its outside consultants, including
certain other members of its Scientific Advisory Board. Excluding this charge,
the increase primarily related to the building of its infrastructure to enable
it to implement its business plan to commercialize the XTRAC system.
Specifically, these increases from 1999 included increases in consulting and
professional fees related to marketing expenses with respect to the XTRAC
systems, increased salaries and related costs associated with its newly retained
executive officers, increased personnel and overhead expenses with respect to
the infrastructure.

      Research and development during the year ended December 31, 2000 increased
to $3,015,018 from $2,061,241 during the year ended December 31, 1999. This
increase primarily related to the increased amount of funds available for
research expenses during 2000. Research and development expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2000 primarily related to the development of its excimer
laser systems for its psoriasis, vitiligo and TMR products. Additionally,
research and development expenses in 2000 included the write off of its TMR
inventory of approximately $140,000. Research and development expenses for the
year ended December 31, 1999 primarily related to the development of its
psoriasis laser systems and also included expenses related to additional testing
to meet CE Mark and Underwriter's Laboratory, or UL, standards for its excimer
lasers.

      Depreciation and amortization during the year ended December 31, 2000
decreased to $835,143 from $1,016,628 during the year ended December 31, 1999.
These amounts primarily related to the amortization of the license fee from
Edwards and the depreciation of equipment acquired in 1998. As a result of its
purchase of the remaining 23.9% of Acculase, on August 31, 2000, the 2000 amount
includes four months of amortization associated with the goodwill related to
this transaction. The 1999 amount also includes amortization of goodwill from
the initial acquisition of a 76.1% interest in Acculase in 1995.

      Net interest income during the year ended December 31, 2000 was $567,129,
as compared to net interest expense during the year ended December 31, 1999 of
$1,849,369. Net interest income during the year ended December 31, 2000
primarily related to interest earned on invested cash balances from the proceeds
of private placements of its securities. Net interest expense during the year
ended December 31, 1999 primarily related to interest charges associated with
the recognition of a beneficial conversion feature on certain of its then
outstanding convertible notes payable, as well as its various notes payable and
long-term debt, which were repaid in the first quarter of 2000.

      Other income during the year ended December 31, 2000 increased to $362,014
from $111,110 during the year ended December 31, 1999. Other income for the year
ended December 31, 2000 primarily related to the forgiveness of certain payables
by certain of its creditors.

      As a result of the foregoing, PhotoMedex incurred a net loss of
$13,392,064 during the year ended December 31, 2000, as compared to a net loss
of $9,920,067 during the year ended December 31, 1999. PhotoMedex incurred a
loss from continuing operations of $12,745,522 during the year ended December
31, 2000, as compared to a loss from continuing operations of $9,063,313 during
the year ended December 31, 1999.

      LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

      PhotoMedex has historically financed its operations through the use of
working capital provided from loans and equity and debt financing.

      In 1997 PhotoMedex changed its business strategy to focus its efforts on
its excimer laser technology. PhotoMedex began to develop a broad base of
excimer laser and excimer laser delivery products for both medical and
non-medical applications.

      On March 27, 2001, PhotoMedex completed a private placement of 1,230,000
shares of its common stock at $5.00 per share and received gross proceeds of
$6,150,000. The closing price of the common stock on the date that the
transaction was negotiated was $5.75 per share and on March 27, 2001, the
closing date of the transaction, the closing price was approximately $4.875 per
share. PhotoMedex paid Pacific Growth Equities, Inc. a commission of 6.5% of the
gross proceeds, or approximately $400,000, and additional financing costs of
approximately $244,000 were also incurred. PhotoMedex has used the proceeds of
this financing to pay for the marketing of its products (including its
psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma treatment products),
research and development expenses and working capital.

      On October 24, 2001, PhotoMedex completed a private placement of 5,040,714
shares of common stock at $1.05 per share and warrants to purchase 1,260,179
shares of common stock at $1.16 per share. PhotoMedex has filed a registration
statement for the securities issued in the private placement. PhotoMedex based
the per share purchase price of the shares on the closing sale price of its
common stock on October 12, 2001, or $1.05. PhotoMedex received gross proceeds
of $5,292,750. PhotoMedex paid Investec PMG Capital and Emerging Growth Equities
Limited a commission of approximately $322,000. PhotoMedex has used the proceeds
of this financing to pay for working capital and other general corporate
purposes.

      On June 13, 2002, the Company completed a private offering of 4,115,000
shares of common stock at a price of $1.50 per share providing gross proceeds of
$6,172,500. The closing price of its common stock on June 13, 2002 was $1.68 per
share. In connection with this offering, PhotoMedex paid a commission and other
costs of $466,453, resulting in net proceeds of $5,706,047. In addition, the
investors received warrants to purchase 1,028,750 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $1.90 per share. The warrants have a five-year term and may
not be exercised until December 14, 2002. PhotoMedex has filed a registration
statement for the securities issued in the private offering. PhotoMedex has used
and will continue to use the proceeds of this financing to pay for working
capital and other general corporate purposes.

      At June 30, 2002, the ratio of current assets to current liabilities was
3.82 to 1.00 compared to 2.93 to 1.00 at December 31, 2001. As of June 30, 2002,
PhotoMedex had $7,752,667 of working capital.

      Cash and cash equivalents were $6,442,314 as of June 30, 2002, as compared
to $4,066,820 as of December 31, 2001. This increase was primarily attributable
to the receipt of $5,706,047 in net cash proceeds from the June 13, 2002
financing, net of funding for the net loss incurred during the six months ended
June 30, 2002.

      PhotoMedex believes that its existing cash balance, together with its
existing financial resources and any revenues from its sales, distribution,
licensing and manufacturing relationships, will be sufficient to meet its
operating and capital requirements through the second quarter of 2003.
PhotoMedex has decided to limit domestic placement of lasers until PhotoMedex
obtains broader approvals for reimbursement for treatments using the laser
system. However, depending upon its rate of growth and other operating factors,
PhotoMedex may require additional equity or debt financing to meet its working
capital requirements or capital expenditure needs. There can be no assurance
that additional financing, if needed, will be available when required or, if
available, on terms satisfactory to PhotoMedex.

      As of June 30, 2002, PhotoMedex had borrowings in the aggregate amount of
$13,045. As of December 31, 2001, PhotoMedex had borrowings in the aggregate
amount of $65,017. The decrease in borrowings related to the normal scheduled
repayment of the obligations.

      Net cash used in operating activities was $3,320,402 and $7,269,800 for
the six months ended June 30, 2002 and 2001, respectively. Net cash used in
operating activities during the six months ended June 30, 2002 and 2001
primarily consisted of net losses, increases in current assets (2001 only) and
decreases in current liabilities (2002 only). These uses were offset by
depreciation and amortization, decreases in current assets (2002 only) and
increases in current liabilities (2001 only).

      Net cash used in operating activities was $13,163,492 and $13,266,143 for
the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Net cash used in
operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 primarily
consisted of net losses, decreases in net current liabilities (2000 only) and
increases in accounts receivable and inventory (2001 only), offset by
depreciation and amortization, and the payment in its securities (including
common stock, options and warrants) of fees for services to consultants.

      Net cash used in investing activities was $5,179 and $648,490 for the six
months ended June 30, 2002 and 2001, respectively. In the six months ended June
30, 2002, PhotoMedex utilized $45,761 to purchase computer software and
leasehold improvements to support its excimer laser operations. In the six
months ended June 30, 2001, PhotoMedex utilized $117,410 to acquire equipment
for its excimer laser business operations and $2,531,080 associated with the
construction of its psoriasis treatment lasers.

      Net cash used in investing activities was $719,519 and $3,980,006 for the
year ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. In the year ended December
31, 2001, PhotoMedex utilized $120,679 to acquire equipment for its excimer
laser business operations. PhotoMedex also used $2,598,840 associated with the
building of its psoriasis treatment lasers. PhotoMedex received proceeds of
$2,000,000 from the sale of its short-term investments. For the year ended
December 31, 2000, PhotoMedex utilized $190,651 to acquire equipment for its
excimer laser business operations. PhotoMedex also used $1,630,440 for the
building of its psoriasis treatment lasers. PhotoMedex received proceeds of
$250,500 from the sale of certain assets related to its discontinued Florida and
Massachusetts operations. PhotoMedex also purchased short-term investments in
the amount of $2,000,000.

      Net cash provided by financing activities was $5,701,075 and $5,538,024
during the six months ended June 30, 2002 and 2001, respectively. In the six
months ended June 30, 2002, PhotoMedex received $5,706,047 from the net proceeds
of the sale of 4,115,000 shares of common stock in connection with the June 13,
2002 financing, $18,000 from the exercise of options, $29,000 from the exercise
of warrants and $4,000 from the issuance of notes payable, which was offset by
the utilization of $55,972 for the payment of certain debts. In the six months
ended June 30, 2001, PhotoMedex received $5,506,442 from the net proceeds of the
sale of 1,230,000 shares of common stock in connection with the March 27, 2001
financing and $156,978 of proceeds from the issuance of notes payable, which was
offset by the utilization of $125,396 for the payment of principal on the
aforementioned notes payable.

      Net cash provided by financing activities was $10,388,791 and $20,271,632
during the year ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. In the year
ended December 31, 2001 PhotoMedex received $5,506,442 from the net proceeds of
the sale of 1,230,000 shares of common stock in connection with the March 2001
financing, $4,884,686 from the net proceeds of the sale of 5,040,714 shares of
common stock in connection with the October 2001 financing, $236,320 from the
issuance of notes payable, $18,938 from the exercise of stock options, which was
offset by utilization of $257,595 for the payment of certain debts. In the year
ended December 31, 2000, PhotoMedex received $14,259,491 from the net proceeds
of the sale of 1,409,092 shares of common stock in connection with the March 16,
2000 financing, $215,548 from the issuance of notes payable, $3,970,690 from the
exercise of stock options and $2,075,489 from the exercise of warrants, which
was offset by the utilization of $249,586 for the payment of certain debts.

      PhotoMedex's ability to expand its business operations is currently
dependent on financing from external sources. There can be no assurance that
changes in its manufacturing and marketing research and development plans or
other changes affecting its operating expenses and business strategy will not
result in the expenditure of such resources before such time or that PhotoMedex
will be able to develop profitable operations prior to such date, or at all, or
that PhotoMedex will not require additional financing at or prior to such time
in order to continue operations. There can be no assurance that additional
capital will be available on terms favorable to PhotoMedex, if at all. To the
extent that additional capital is raised through the

sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such
securities could result in additional dilution to its stockholders. Moreover,
its cash requirements may vary materially from those now planned because of
results of marketing, product testing, changes in the focus and direction of its
marketing programs, competitive and technological advances, the level of working
capital required to sustain its planned growth, litigation, operating results,
including the extent and duration of operating losses, and other factors. In the
event that PhotoMedex experiences the need for additional capital, and is not
able to generate capital from financing sources or from future operations,
management may be required to modify, suspend or discontinue its business plan.

      PhotoMedex expects to incur operating losses for at least the next twelve
months because PhotoMedex plans to spend substantial amounts on the marketing of
its psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma treatment products and
expansion of its operations. PhotoMedex cannot assure you that PhotoMedex will
market any products successfully, operate profitably in the future, or that
PhotoMedex will not require significant additional financing in order to
accomplish its business plan.

      PhotoMedex's future revenues and success depends upon the XTRAC system for
the treatment of a variety of skin disorders. The XTRAC system for the treatment
of psoriasis, vitiligo, atopic dermatitis and leukoderma is currently generating
revenues in both the United States and 19 countries around the world. Its
ability to successfully introduce new products based on its new business focus
and the expected benefits to be obtained from these products may be adversely
affected by a number of factors, such as unforeseen costs and expenses,
technological change, economic downturns, competitive factors or other events
beyond its control. Consequently, its historical operating results cannot be
relied upon as indicators of future performance, and management cannot predict
whether PhotoMedex will obtain or sustain positive operating cash flow or
generate net income in the future.

      IMPACT OF INFLATION

      PhotoMedex has not operated in a highly inflationary period, and its
management does not believe that inflation has had a material effect on sales or
expenses.

      RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

      In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") approved
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ("SFAS") No. 141, "Business
Combinations," and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS
No. 141 prospectively prohibits the pooling of interest method of accounting for
business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001. SFAS No. 142 required
companies to cease amortizing goodwill on December 31, 2001. Any goodwill
resulting from acquisitions completed after June 30, 2001 is not amortized. SFAS
No. 142 also establishes a new method of testing goodwill for impairment on an
annual basis or an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that
would reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. The
adoption of SFAS No. 142 will result in the PhotoMedex's discontinuation of
amortization of its goodwill; however, PhotoMedex will be required to test its
goodwill for impairment under the new standard beginning in 2002 and management
performed an analysis of the recoverability of goodwill and concluded that there
has been no impairment of the carrying value. The net book value of intangibles
at June 30, 2002 was $3,629,062.

      In June 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143, "Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations." SFAS No. 143 requires that the fair value of a
liability associated with an asset retirement be recognized in the period in
which it is incurred, with the associated retirement costs capitalized as part
of the carrying amount of the long-lived asset and subsequently depreciated over
its useful life. The adoption of SFAS No. 143 did not have any impact on
PhotoMedex's financial position or results of operations.

      In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets," which establishes a single
accounting model, based on the framework established in SFAS No. 121, for
long-lived assets to be disposed of and clarifies certain issues related to SFAS
No. 121. SFAS No. 144 supersedes SFAS No. 121 and APB Opinion No. 30, "Reporting
the Results of Operations - Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a
Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and
Transactions." PhotoMedex was required to adopt SFAS No. 144 for fiscal year
2002. The adoption of SFAS No. 144 did not have a material impact on the results
of operations.

      In June 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146, "Accounting for Exit or
Disposal Activities." SFAS No. 146 addresses the recognition, measurement and
reporting of costs associated with exit and disposal activities, including
restructuring activities. SFAS No. 146 also addresses recognition of certain
costs related to terminating a contract that is not a capital lease, costs to
consolidate facilities or relocate employees and termination of benefits
provided to employees that are involuntarily terminated under the terms of a
one-time benefit arrangement that is not an ongoing benefit arrangement or an
individual deferred compensation contract. SFAS No. 146 is effective for exit or
disposal activities that are initiated after December 31, 2002. Adoption of SFAS
No. 146 is not expected to have an impact on the financial position or results
of operations of PhotoMedex.

      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      PhotoMedex's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and
results of operations are based upon its consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States. The preparation of financial statements
requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expense and disclosures at the
date of the financial statements. On an on-going basis, PhotoMedex evaluates its
estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to revenue recognition,
accounts receivables, inventories and impairment of intangibles. PhotoMedex uses
authoritative pronouncements, historical experience and other assumptions as the
basis for making estimates. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
PhotoMedex believes that the following critical accounting policies affect its
more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of its consolidated
financial statements.

      REVENUE RECOGNITION. PhotoMedex has two distribution channels for its
phototherapy treatment equipment. PhotoMedex will either:

      -     sell the XTRAC systems through a distributor or directly to a
            physician, or

      -     place the XTRAC systems in a physician's office (at no charge to the
            physician) and charge the physician a fee for each time the XTRAC
            system is used for a patient treatment.

When PhotoMedex sells an XTRAC system to a distributor or directly to a
physician, PhotoMedex recognizes revenue upon shipment of the product.
PhotoMedex does not allow products to be returned by its distributors. When
PhotoMedex places the XTRAC system in a physician's office, PhotoMedex
recognizes service revenues each time the XTRAC system is used for a patient
treatment. The physician purchases a treatment card that allows performance of a
specified number of treatments. This amount is included in deferred revenues
until the treatment occurs.

      INVENTORY. PhotoMedex will write down its inventory, if necessary, by
estimating the potential for future loss based on a variety of factors,
including the quantity of particular items, their prospect for replacement or
obsolescence and the difference between cost and market value. If actual market
conditions were to be less favorable than those projected by management,
inventory write-downs would be required.

      ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS. Accounts receivable are reduced by an
allowance for amounts that may become uncollectible in the future. The majority
of PhotoMedex's receivables are due from various distributors located outside of
the United States. From time to time, its clients dispute the amounts due to it,
and, in other cases, its clients experience financial difficulties and cannot
pay on a timely basis. In certain instances, these factors ultimately result in
uncollectible accounts. The determination of the appropriate reserve needed for
uncollectible accounts involves significant judgment. A change in the factors
used to evaluate collectibility could result in a significant change in the
reserve needed. Such factors include changes in the financial condition of its
customers as a result of industry, economic or customer specific factors.

      INTANGIBLES. PhotoMedex's balance sheet includes goodwill and other
intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense
and possible impairment expense that PhotoMedex will incur. Its judgments
regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on legal factors,
market conditions and operational performance of its business. As of June 30,
2002, December 31, 2000 and 2001, PhotoMedex had $3,629,062, $6,587,374 and
$3,697,244, respectively, of goodwill and other intangibles, accounting for 22%,
33% and 24% of its total assets at the respective dates. The determination of
the value of such intangible assets requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect its consolidated financial statements.

      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

      PhotoMedex is not currently exposed to market risks due to changes in
interest rates and foreign currency rates and therefore, PhotoMedex does not use
derivative financial instruments to address risk management issues in connection
with changes in interest rates and foreign currency rates.

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PHOTOMEDEX

      The following table sets forth information regarding the current directors
and executive officers of PhotoMedex:

         NAME                      AGE                       POSITION
         ----                      ---                       --------

Warwick Alex Charlton               43      Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors

Jeffrey F. O'Donnell                42      Director, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dennis McGrath                      45      Chief Financial Officer and Vice President - Finance and
                                            Administration

John J. McAtee, Jr.                 65      Director

Alan R. Novak                       68      Director

Samuel E. Navarro                   46      Director

Richard J. DePiano                  61      Director

      WARWICK ALEX CHARLTON was appointed to the Board of Directors and became
the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors on March 8, 1999. Mr.
Charlton is the Managing Director of True North Partners LLC, a venture capital
firm with a specialty in the health care field. Mr. Charlton has 20 years of
business experience, consisting of approximately ten years of line management
experience and ten years in the consulting profession (previously with Booz
Allen & Hamilton and the Wilkerson Group). Mr. Charlton received an honors
degree in Marketing from the University of Newcastle and an MBA form Cranfield
Institute of Technology. Mr. Charlton was formerly a Vice President of CSC
Healthcare, Inc.

      JEFFREY F. O'DONNELL joined PhotoMedex in November 1999 as its President
and Chief Executive Officer and has served as a member of its Board of Directors
since that date. Prior to joining PhotoMedex, he worked at Radiance Medical
Systems as its Vice President of Sales and Marketing from 1995 to 1997, and from
1997 to 1999, served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. Previously,
from 1994 to 1995, Mr. O'Donnell held the position of President and Chief
Executive Officer of Kensey Nash Corporation, a manufacturer of Cardiology
Products. Additionally, he has held several senior sales and marketing
management positions at Boston Scientific, Guidant and Johnson & Johnson
Orthopedic. Mr. O'Donnell also currently serves as an outside member of the
boards of directors of Radiance Medical Systems, Escalon Medical Corp. and
Replication Medical, Inc.

      DENNIS M. MCGRATH was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Vice
President-Finance and Administration in January 2000. From September 1999 to
January 2000, Mr. McGrath served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Think New
Ideas division of AnswerThink Consulting Group, Inc., a public company
specializing in installing and managing computer systems and software. From
September 1996 to September 1999, Mr. McGrath was the Chief Financial Officer
and Executive Vice-President - Operations of TriSpan Internet commerce
solutions, a technology consulting company. Mr. McGrath is a certified public
accountant and graduated with a B.S. in accounting from La Salle University in
1979. Mr. McGrath holds a license from the states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey
as a Certified Public Accountant.

      JOHN J. MCATEE, JR., has been a member of its Board of Directors since
March 4, 1998. From March 4, 1998 until March 8, 1999, Mr. McAtee served as the
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. From 1990 to 1996, Mr. McAtee
was Vice Chairman of Smith Barney, Inc., now known as Salomon Smith Barney, one
of the world's largest investment banking and brokerage firms. Before that, Mr.
McAtee was a partner in the New York law firm of Davis Polk & Wardwell for more
than twenty years. Mr. McAtee is a graduate of Princeton University and Yale Law
School. Mr. McAtee is also a director of U.S. Industries, Inc., a diversified
industrial corporation.

      ALAN R. NOVAK was appointed to its Board of Directors in October 1997. Mr.
Novak is Chairman of Infra Group, L.L.C., an international project finance and
development company. He is also Chairman of Lano International, Inc., a real
estate development company. Mr. Novak is a graduate of Yale University, Yale Law
School, and Oxford University as a Marshall Scholar. Mr. Novak practiced law at
Cravath, Swaine & Moore and Swidler & Berlin, Chartered. His public service
includes three years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps, a U.S.
Supreme Court clerkship with Justice Potter Stewart, Senior Counsel, Senator
Edward M. Kennedy, Senior Executive Assistant to Undersecretary of State, Eugene
Rostow, and the Executive Director of President Johnson's Telecommunications
Task Force. Mr. Novak was appointed by President Carter and served for five
years as Federal Fine Arts Commissioner.

      SAMUEL E. NAVARRO was appointed to its Board of Directors in January 2000.
Mr. Navarro is an acknowledged authority on the medical device and health care
business and since March 2001 has served as the Managing Director of the Galleon
Group, a $5 billion hedge fund based in New York City. Prior to joining Galleon,
Mr. Navarro was the Global Head of Health Care Corporate Finance at ING Barings.
Prior to joining ING Barings, in 1998, Mr. Navarro was managing director of
equity research for the medical technology sector for the Union Bank of
Switzerland. Mr. Navarro holds a B.S. in engineering from the University of
Texas, an M.S. degree in engineering from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from
the Wharton School.

      RICHARD J. DEPIANO was appointed to its Board of Directors in May 2000.
Mr. DePiano has been a director of Escalon Medical Corp., a publicly traded
healthcare business specializing in the development and marketing of ophthalmic
devices, pharmaceutical and vascular access products, since February 1996, and
has served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since March 1997. Mr.
DePiano has been the Chief Executive Officer of the Sandhurst Company, L.P. and
Managing Director of the Sandhurst Venture Fund since 1986. Mr. DePiano is also
the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Surgical Laser Technologies, Inc.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

      SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

      The following table sets forth certain information concerning compensation
of certain of PhotoMedex's executive officers, including its Chief Executive
Officer and all executive officers, or the Named Executives, whose total annual
salary and bonus exceeded $100,000, for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000
and 1999:

                                         ANNUAL COMPENSATION               LONG TERM COMPENSATION AWARDS                 PAYOUTS
                                         -------------------               -----------------------------                 -------
                                                                      OTHER                       SECURITIES            ALL OTHER
                                                                      ANNUAL        RESTRICTED    UNDERLYING   LTIP      COMPEN-
                                                                      COMPEN-         STOCK       OPTIONS/    PAYOUTS    SATION
NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION        YEAR       SALARY($)    BONUS($)   SATION($)      AWARDS($)    SARS(#)       ($)        ($)
- ---------------------------        ----       ---------    --------   ---------      ---------    -------       ---        ---

Jeffrey F. O'Donnell(1)            2001       350,000      140,000     12,000            0        125,000        0          0
                                   2000       285,697      126,500     12,000            0        125,000        0          0
                                   1999        35,632            0      2,000            0        650,000        0          0

Dennis M. McGrath (2)              2001       285,000      114,000     12,000            0        110,000        0          0
                                   2000       205,961       82,500     12,000            0        475,000        0          0

Raymond A. Hartman (CEO)(3)        1999       248,546            0     12,000            0              0        0          0

Chaim Markheim (CFO)(4)            1999       227,962            0    137,100            0        180,000        0          0

- ----------
(1)   Mr. O'Donnell began serving as its Chief Executive Officer in November
      1999.

(2)   Mr. McGrath began serving as its Chief Financial Officer in January 2000.

(3)   Mr. Hartman served as its Chief Executive Officer from October 1997 to
      November 1999. Includes paid and accrued salary for each such fiscal year.

(4)   Mr. Markheim served as its Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating
      Officer until January 15, 2000. Includes $77,000 paid in 1999 as past-due
      salary from prior years and $137,100 as additional compensation in 1999
      (which includes, among others: (i) a car allowance of $12,000, and (ii)
      $54,600 which had been advanced to Mr. Markheim at December 31,1998 and
      which was recognized as additional compensation in lieu of repayment for
      1999).

      EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

      EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH JEFFREY F. O'DONNELL. As of November 1, 1999,
PhotoMedex entered into an employment agreement with Jeffrey F. O'Donnell to
serve as its President and Chief Executive Officer. This agreement was revised
and restated as of August 1, 2002. The term of the agreement expires on December
31, 2003, and automatically extends for one year periods, unless it has
previously been terminated pursuant to the terms and conditions of the agreement
by December 1 of each year, commencing on December 1, 2003 and for each
succeeding year thereafter. Mr. O'Donnell's current base salary is $350,000 per
year, subject to upward adjustment from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Mr. O'Donnell was granted options to acquire up to 650,000 shares of its common
stock at an exercise price of $4.625. Of these options, 525,000 are currently
vested and 125,000 previously have been exercised. Under the employment
agreement and the option agreement, if PhotoMedex terminates Mr. O'Donnell,
other than for "cause" (which definition includes nonperformance of duties or
competition of the employee with its business), then he will receive severance
pay ranging from one to two years' compensation, and certain of his unvested
options will vest immediately.

      EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH DENNIS M. MCGRATH. As of November 24, 1999,
PhotoMedex entered into an employment agreement with Dennis M. McGrath to serve
as its Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance and Administration.
This agreement was revised and restated as of August 1, 2002. The term of the
agreement expires on December 31, 2003, and automatically extends for one year
periods, unless it has previously been terminated pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the agreement by December 1 of each year, commencing on December
1, 2003 and for each succeeding year thereafter. Mr. McGrath's current base
salary is $285,000 per year, subject to upward adjustment from time to time by
the Board of Directors. In addition, Mr. McGrath was granted, as of November 24,
1999, options to acquire up to 350,000 shares of its common stock at an exercise
price of $5.50. All of these options are currently vested. Under the employment
agreement and the option agreement, if PhotoMedex terminates Mr. McGrath, other
than for "cause" (which definition includes nonperformance of duties or
competition of the employee with its business), then he will receive severance
pay ranging from one to two years' compensation, and certain of his unvested
options will vest immediately.

      OPTION/SAR GRANTS TABLE

      The following table sets forth certain information concerning grants of
stock options to certain of PhotoMedex's executive officers, including the Named
Executives for the year ended December 31, 2001:

                               INDIVIDUAL GRANTS
                               -----------------                                           POTENTIAL REALIZABLE VALUE AT
                          NUMBER OF       % OF TOTAL                                        ASSUMED ANNUAL RATE OF STOCK
                          SECURITIES     OPTIONS/SARS                                            PRICE APPRECIATION
                          UNDERLYING      GRANTED TO       EXERCISE OR                           FOR OPTION TERM (1)
                         OPTIONS/SARS    EMPLOYEES IN      BASE PRICE      EXPIRATION      -----------------------------
        NAME              GRANTED(#)      FISCAL YEAR     ($/SHARE)(1)       DATE(1)            5%($)           10%($)
        ----              ----------      -----------     ------------       -------            -----           ------

Jeffrey F. O'Donnell       125,000            19%             1.05           12/10/06         163,750          241,250
Dennis M. McGrath          110,000            16%             1.05           12/10/06         144,100          212,300

- ----------
(1)   This chart assumes a market price of $1.85 for the common stock, the
      closing sale price for its common stock in The Nasdaq National Market
      System, as of December 31, 2001, as the assumed market price for the
      common stock with respect to determining the "potential realizable value"
      of the shares of common stock underlying the options described in the
      chart, as reduced by any lesser exercise price for such options. Further,
      the chart assumes the annual compounding of such assumed market price over
      the relevant periods, without giving effect to commissions or other costs
      or expenses relating to potential sales of such securities. PhotoMedex's
      common stock has a very limited trading history. These values are not
      intended to forecast the possible future appreciation, if any, price or
      value of the common stock.

      OPTION EXERCISES AND YEAR-END VALUES

      The following table sets forth information with respect to the exercised
and unexercised options to purchase shares of common stock for certain of the
Named Executives of PhotoMedex held by them at December 31, 2001:

                                                          NUMBER OF SECURITIES             VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                           SHARES                        UNDERLYING UNEXERCISED            IN THE MONEY OPTIONS
                          ACQUIRED                    OPTIONS AT DECEMBER 31, 2001        AT DECEMBER 31, 2001(2)
                             ON         VALUE        -------------------------------   ----------------------------
         NAME             EXERCISE    REALIZED(1)    EXERCISABLE       UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE    UNEXERCISABLE
         ----             --------    -----------    -----------       -------------   -----------    -------------

Jeffrey F. O'Donnell          0           0            554,063            210,937          $-0-          $100,000
Dennis M. McGrath             0           0            389,063            195,937           -0-            88,000

- ----------
(1)   Represents an amount equal to the number of options multiplied by the
      difference between the average of the closing bid and asked prices for the
      common stock in The Nasdaq National Market System on the date of exercise
      and any lesser exercise price.

(2)   Represents an amount equal to the number of options multiplied by the
      difference between the average of the closing bid and asked prices for the
      common stock in The Nasdaq National Market System on December 31, 2001
      ($1.85 per share) and any lesser exercise price.

      AMENDED AND RESTATED 2000 STOCK OPTION PLAN

      The Amended and Restated 2000 Stock Option Plan, or the 2000 Stock Option
Plan, was originally adopted by the board of directors of PhotoMedex on May 15,
2000 and approved by its stockholders on July 18, 2000. The 2000 Stock Option
Plan was amended and restated by the board of directors on October 16, 2000 and
approved by its stockholders on June 10, 2002. PhotoMedex has reserved for
issuance thereunder an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of common stock. As of the
date of this proxy statement/prospectus, PhotoMedex has currently outstanding
options for the purchase of up to 1,084,850 shares of Common Stock. The 2000
Stock Option Plan provides for the grant to its employees of incentive stock
options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, or the Code, and for the grant to employees and consultants of
nonqualified stock options.

      A description of the 2000 Stock Option Plan is set forth below. The
description is intended to be a summary of the material provisions of the 2000
Stock Option Plan and does not purport to be complete.

      The general purposes of the 2000 Stock Option Plan are to attract and
retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility,
to provide additional incentive to its employees and consultants and to promote
the success of its business. It is intended that these purposes will be effected
through the granting of stock options, which may be either "incentive stock
options" as defined in Section 422 of the Code or nonqualified stock options.

      The 2000 Stock Option Plan provides that options may be granted to its
employees (including officers and directors who are employees) and consultants,
or of any of its parents or subsidiaries. Incentive stock options may be granted
only to employees. An employee or consultant who has been granted an option may,
if otherwise eligible, be granted additional options.

      AMENDED AND RESTATED 2000 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLAN

      The Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, or
the Non-Employee Director Plan, was originally adopted by the board of directors
of PhotoMedex on May 15, 2000, to be effective as of June 1, 2000, and approved
by its stockholders on July 18, 2000. The Non-Employee Director Plan was amended
and restated on May 3, 2002 and approved by the stockholders of PhotoMedex on
June 10, 2002.

      A description of the Non-Employee Director Plan is set forth below. The
description is intended to be a summary of the material provisions of the
Non-Employee Director Plan and does not purport to be complete.

      The purposes of the Non-Employee Director Plan are to enable PhotoMedex to
attract, retain and motivate its non-employee directors and to create a
long-term mutuality of interest between the non-employee directors and its
stockholders by granting options to purchase common stock.

      The Non-Employee Director Plan is administered by a committee of the Board
of Directors, appointed from time to time by the Board of Directors. The
committee is intended to consist of two or more directors, each of whom will be
non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 under Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act. If no committee exists which has the

authority to administer the Non-Employee Director Plan, the functions of the
committee will be exercised by the Board of Directors. The committee has full
authority to interpret the Non-Employee Director Plan and decide any questions
under the Non-Employee Director Plan and to make such rules and regulations and
establish such processes for administration of the Non-Employee Director Plan as
it deems appropriate subject to the provisions of the Non-Employee Director
Plan.

      The Non-Employee Director Plan authorizes the issuance of up to 650,000
shares of common stock upon the exercise of non-qualified stock options granted
to its non-employee directors. In general, if options are for any reason
canceled, or expire or terminate unexercised, the shares covered by such options
will again be available for the grant of options.

      As of each January 1, commencing January 1, 2003, each non-employee
director will be automatically granted an option to purchase 35,000 shares of
common stock in respect of services to be rendered to PhotoMedex as a director
during the forthcoming calendar year, subject to the terms of the Non-Employee
Director Plan. Each non-employee director who is first elected to the Board of
Directors after January 1, 2003, will be granted, as of the date of his
election, an option to purchase that number of shares equal to the product of
(i) 8,750, and (ii) the number of fiscal quarters remaining in its then current
fiscal year (including the quarter in which the date of such director's election
falls), subject to the terms of the Non-Employee Director Plan. As of January 1,
2003, each non-employee director will be automatically granted an option to
purchase 35,000 shares of common stock. As of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, PhotoMedex has granted 250,000 options to its eligible
directors under the Non-Employee Director Plan.

      OTHER NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLAN

      On April 10, 1998, the Board of Directors adopted a resolution creating a
stock option plan for outside/non-employee members of the Board of Directors.
Pursuant to the stock plan, each outside/non-employee director received an
annual grant of options, in addition to any other consideration they received,
to purchase up to 20,000 shares of common stock as compensation, at an exercise
price equal to the market price of the common stock on the last trading day of
the preceding year. PhotoMedex granted a total of 200,000 options under this
stock option plan, all of which have vested. Since PhotoMedex has adopted the
Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan, PhotoMedex no longer grants options to
members of its Board of Directors under this plan.

      1995 NON-QUALIFIED OPTION PLAN

      On January 2, 1996, PhotoMedex adopted its 1995 Non-Qualified Option Plan
for key employees, officers, directors and consultants, and reserved up to
500,000 options to be granted thereunder. The option exercise price is not less
than 100% of market value on the date granted; 40% of granted options vest
immediately; 30% vest beginning one year after grant; and the remaining 30% vest
and may be exercised beginning two years from grant.

      No options may be exercised more than 10 years after grant, options are
not transferable (other than at death), and in the event of complete termination
"for cause" (other than death or disability) or "voluntary" termination, all
"unvested" options automatically terminate.

      On January 2, 1996, PhotoMedex granted a total of 335,000 options at an
exercise price of $1.50 per share to certain directors, employees and
consultants.

DESCRIPTION OF PHOTOMEDEX COMMON STOCK

      The authorized capital stock of PhotoMedex consists of 50,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value $0.01 per share. Holders of PhotoMedex common stock
are entitled to cast one vote for each share held of record, to receive such
dividends as may be declared by the board of directors out of legally available
funds and to share ratably in any distribution of the assets of PhotoMedex after
payment of all debts and other liabilities, upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up. Holders of the common stock do not have preemptive rights or other
rights to subscribe for additional shares, and the common stock is not subject
to redemption. The outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable.

      Under Delaware law, each holder of a share of common stock is entitled to
one vote per share for each matter submitted to the vote of the stockholders,
and cumulative voting is allowed for the election of directors, if provided for
in the

certificate of incorporation of the corporation. The certificate of
incorporation of PhotoMedex does not provide for cumulative voting.

      The transfer agent for the common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust
Co., Inc., 6201 Fifteenth Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 10015.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

      The following table reflects, as of October 17, 2002 the beneficial common
stock ownership of: (a) each director of PhotoMedex, (b) each Named Executive
(See "Compensation of Executive Officer and Directors"), (c) each person known
by PhotoMedex to be a beneficial holder of five percent (5%) or more of its
common stock, and (d) all executive officers and directors of PhotoMedex as a
group:

                                                                       NUMBER OF SHARES     PERCENTAGE OF SHARES
      NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER (1)                        BENEFICIALLY OWNED    BENEFICIALLY OWNED (1)
      ----------------------------------------                        ------------------    ----------------------

          Warwick Alex Charlton (2)                                         230,000                    *
          Jeffrey F. O'Donnell (3)                                          591,625                 2.05
          Dennis M. McGrath (4)                                             412,986                 1.43
          Alan R. Novak (5)                                                 200,000                    *
          John J. McAtee, Jr. (6)                                           445,000                 1.56
          Samuel E. Navarro (7)                                             196,250                    *
          Richard J. DePiano (8)                                             70,000                    *
          Joseph E. Gallo, Trustee (9)                                    1,641,165                 5.79

          All directors and officers as a group (7 persons) (10)          2,145,771                 7.18

- ----------
*     Less than 1%.

(1)   Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the
      Commission. Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants
      currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 17, 2002,
      are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the
      stockholder holding the options or warrants, but are not deemed
      outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other
      stockholder. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table,
      PhotoMedex believes stockholders named in the table have sole voting and
      sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such
      stockholder's name. Unless otherwise indicated, the officers, directors
      and stockholders can be reached at its principal offices. Percentage of
      ownership is based on 28,337,953 shares of common stock outstanding as of
      October 17, 2002.

(2)   Includes 170,000 shares of common stock owned by True North Partners LLC,
      of which Mr. Charlton holds a 23.125% indirect equity interest and options
      to purchase 60,000 shares of common stock. Mr. Charlton's address is 65
      Broadway, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10006.

(3)   Includes options to purchase up to 582,292 shares of common stock. Does
      not include options to purchase up to 192,708 shares of common stock,
      which may vest over the next four years.

(4)   Includes 3,000 shares of common stock and options to purchase up to
      409,896 shares of common stock. Does not include options to purchase up to
      175,104 shares of common stock, which may vest over the next five years.

(5)   Includes 28,601 shares of common stock, and options to purchase up to
      171,399 shares of common stock. Mr. Novak's address is 3050 K Street, NW,
      Suite 105, Washington, D.C. 20007.

(6)   Includes 320,000 shares, warrants to purchase up to 25,000 shares and
      options to purchase up to 100,000 shares of common stock. Mr. McAtee's
      address is Two Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich, Connecticut 06830.

(7)   Includes 63,334 shares, warrants to purchase up to 6,250 shares and
      options to purchase up to 126,666 shares of common stock. Mr. Navarro's
      address is 55 East 52nd St., 33rd Floor, New York, New York 10055.

(8)   Includes 15,000 shares and options to purchase up to 55,000 shares of
      common stock. Mr. DePiano's address is 351 East Conestoga Road, Wayne,
      Pennsylvania 19087.

(9)   Mr. Gallo has sole voting and dispositive power with respect 1,641,165
      shares of common stock he beneficially owns as trustee under certain
      trusts. Mr. Gallo's address is 600 Yosemite Blvd., Modesto, California
      95354.

(10)  Includes 609,268 shares of common stock and options and warrants to
      purchase up to 1,536,503 shares of common stock.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      On May 11, 1999, PhotoMedex granted warrants to Healthworld Corporation,
or Healthworld, of which Steven Girgenti, one of its former directors, is
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to purchase 174,000 shares of its common
stock at an exercise price of $4.69 per share, in exchange for various marketing
services to be provided by Healthworld at a discounted rate of $104 per person
hour, which is materially less then the normal hourly rate charged by
Healthworld for such services. On the date of grant of these warrants, the price
of the common stock was $4.69. The warrants were exercised in June 1999.

      PhotoMedex entered into an agreement, dated as of February 2, 2000, with
ING for the provision of financial advisory and investment banking services, on
an exclusive basis, through September 30, 2000. Pursuant to this agreement, ING
acted as placement agent in connection with a private offering to 10
institutional investors an aggregate of 1,409,092 shares of its common stock at
a price of $11.00 per share, for which PhotoMedex paid ING customary fees.
Samuel E. Navarro, one of its directors, was, until March, 2001, the Global Head
of Health Care Corporate Finance at ING. At the close of the placement on March
16, 2000, PhotoMedex received net proceeds of $14,259,491.

      On December 20, 2000, PhotoMedex granted to each of Richard Hanson and
Clifford Kalista options to purchase up to 25,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $4.3125 per share for consulting services rendered to
PhotoMedex. On the date of grant, the closing sale price of the common stock was
$4.3125 per share. Mr. Kalista is an employee of Investec.

      As of August 31, 2000, PhotoMedex acquired the 23.9% minority interest in
its former wholly-owned subsidiary, Acculase, in exchange for the issuance of an
aggregate of 300,000 shares of its common stock to the Acculase minority
stockholders. PhotoMedex granted the Acculase minority stockholders certain
registration rights with respect to the 300,000 shares issued to them in
connection with this transaction.

      As of May 11, 1999, PhotoMedex entered into the agreement with Healthworld
for the provision of various services relating to the marketing of its products.
The services included: (i) advertising and promotion; (ii) development of market
research and strategy; and (iii) preparation and consulting on media and
publicity. Compensation for these services was approximately $40,000 per month,
plus reimbursement of expenses and payment of a 15% commission on media buys.
Services beyond those budgeted by the parties are to cost $104 per person hour.
Under a separate agreement, Healthworld agreed to provide, as of October 1,
1999: (i) two fulltime managed-care specialists to make calls on potential
customers for a period of seven months at a cost of $30,000 per month; (ii) 20
fulltime sale representatives to market among dermatologists for a period of
four months at a cost of $125,000 per month; and (iii) certain general
management services for a period of seven months at $10,000 per month. Under
separate agreements, Healthworld agreed to provide certain medical education and
publishing services (approximately $700,000 in fees and costs over a period in
excess of one year) and general public relations services ($10,000 per month).
These agreements are no longer in effect.

      On October 29, 1998, PhotoMedex entered into an agreement with CSC under
which CSC was to develop a commercial strategy and to define and obtain the
required resources for the commercial exploitation of its excimer laser
technology. Under this agreement, CSC was to provide consulting services to
various businesses, including PhotoMedex, regarding the introduction of medical
technology for commercialization. Subsequently, CSC filed a complaint against
PhotoMedex, alleging the failure to pay for professional services performed by
CSC, plus expenses. The dispute was resolved by a settlement in which PhotoMedex
paid CSC the sum of $700,000. Warwick Alex Charlton, a former Vice President of
CSC, is also its Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors.

      PhotoMedex believes that all such transactions with its affiliates have
been entered into on terms no less favorable to it than could have been obtained
from independent third parties. PhotoMedex intends that any transactions and
loans with officers, directors and 5% or greater stockholders, following the
date of this Proxy Statement/Prospectus, will be on terms no less favorable to
it than could be obtained from independent third parties and will be approved by
a majority of its independent, disinterested directors.

                              INFORMATION ABOUT SLT

BUSINESS OF SLT

      GENERAL

      SLT primarily engages in the development, manufacture and sale of
proprietary contact and free-beam laser systems for surgery and in the provision
of surgical services on a turn-key procedural basis. SLT significantly expanded
its surgical services offerings in June 2000 through the acquisition of SIS.
Through this acquisition, SLT expanded its surgical services offerings, which
were previously limited to proprietary laser systems, to include the products of
several other companies, broadening the scope of procedures to which it can
provide support services. In conjunction with its primary products and services,
it has entered and will continue to seek to enter into relationships with other
companies to expand the use of its products and services, and will continue to
seek to utilize its strengths in supplying other companies with products that
draw on its expertise and competencies. During fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999, total
revenues from sales of SLT's products and services were $10,012,000, $8,929,000
and $7,951,000, respectively.

      SLT engages primarily in one operating segment: the design, development
and manufacture of laser products and the marketing of those laser products as
well as other instruments for medical applications. SLT markets its offerings
through traditional sales efforts as well as through the provision of fee based
surgical services. See Note 15 of Notes to SLT's consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.

      In June 2002, SLT acquired an exclusive license to a CO(2) laser
technology and a related line of accessory products owned by Reliant
Technologies, Inc. SLT began marketing the accessory line of products in June
2002 and anticipates completing the development of a CO(2) laser unit in 2003.

      During 2001, SLT introduced the LaserPro(R)CTH holmium laser, a versatile
and compact holmium laser for lithotripsy as well as a broad range of other
surgical applications. SLT also introduced a line of fiber-optic laser delivery
systems to be used with the holmium laser.

      SLT introduced contact laser surgery by combining proprietary contact
laser delivery systems with an Nd:YAG laser unit to create a multi-specialty
surgical instrument that can cut, coagulate or vaporize tissue. SLT's contact
laser delivery systems can be used effectively with any wavelength of laser
between 532nm and 1064nm, including the KTP laser (532nm), diode laser (various
wavelengths) and Nd:YAG laser (1064nm).

      Almost all of the surgery performed today, endoscopic or open-cavity,
utilizes two fundamental technologies: mechanical cutting and clamping, and/or
thermal vaporization and coagulation. The mechanical scalpel, scissors and
suture are universally accepted. However, today's surgery increasingly requires
additional control of bleeding, more precision and better access to diseased
sites. Lasers are suited for this requirement.

      With the use of SLT's contact laser system, a precise temperature profile,
or gradient, is created upon contact with the tissue by SLT's laser probes and
laser scalpels. It is the temperature that directly causes the therapeutic
effect. If the temperature is sufficiently high, the tissue will be vaporized
(turned from liquid or solid into gas), creating a precise surgical incision or
excision. Lower temperatures coagulate tissue and thus control bleeding or
destroy diseased tissue.

      SLT's proprietary contact laser probe and scalpel surface treatments
provide the ability to alter selectively the temperature profile of tissue,
replicating the clinical effect of many different types of lasers. SLT markets
these treatments under the trademark "Wavelength Conversion effect." In
addition, contact laser surgery restores to the surgeon the advantages of
tactile feedback lost with conventional lasers.

      SLT's revenues are generated primarily by three sources: the sale of
contact laser delivery systems and related accessories; the sale of Nd:YAG and
CTH holmium laser units and related service; and the provision of surgical
services. SLT's contact laser delivery systems consist of proprietary fiberoptic
delivery systems, which deliver the laser beam from its Nd:YAG laser unit via an
optical fiber to the tissue, either directly or through a proprietary laser
probe or laser scalpel. SLT's holmium laser delivery systems consist of
fiber-optic delivery systems, which deliver the laser beam from its CTH holmium
laser unit to the surgical site.

      DISPOSABLE FIBEROPTIC DELIVERY SYSTEMS. SLT has designed disposable
optical quartz fibers to channel the laser beam from its laser unit to the fiber
end, the laser probe or the laser scalpel or to one of 24 interchangeable,
application-specific handpieces that hold the laser scalpel or laser probe. Many
of these proprietary optical fibers and handpieces are intended for single use,
while others are designed to be reusable, and range currently in list price from
$150 to $1,040.

      LASER PROBES AND LASER SCALPELS. SLT's proprietary laser probes and laser
scalpels are made of either synthetic sapphire or fused silica and have high
mechanical strength, high melting temperature and appropriate thermal
conductivity. Most of these laser probes and laser scalpels use SLT's patented
Wavelength Conversion effect treatments. SLT offers more than 60 interchangeable
laser probes and laser scalpels that provide different power densities through
various geometric configurations appropriate for cutting, coagulation or
vaporization. SLT's laser probes and laser scalpels are made with varying distal
tip diameters and surface treatments, each with a different balance between
cutting and coagulation, so that the instrument can be suited to the particular
tissue effect desired. Additionally, SLT markets side-firing and direct-firing
free-beam laser probes. Instead of changing laser units, surgeons may choose a
different laser probe or laser scalpel to perform a different procedure. The
laser probes and laser scalpels are intended for limited reuse, and the list
prices currently range from $415 to $545.

      DISPOSABLE GAS OR FLUID CARTRIDGE SYSTEMS. SLT's proprietary cartridge
system provides gas or fluid to cool the junction between the optical fiber and
the laser scalpel or the laser probe. These cartridges are sterile and used in
one set of procedures. The list price of these cartridges is currently $68.

      REUSABLE LASER ASPIRATION HANDPIECES. SLT's reusable stainless steel
handpieces are all used with interchangeable laser aspiration wands and flexible
endoscopic fibers. These proprietary handpieces are intended for
intra-nasal/endoscopic sinus and oropharyngeal procedures requiring smoke and/or
fluid evacuation. Wands have a list price of $95, and the handpiece list prices
currently range from $235 to $395.

      LASER UNITS. SLT markets the CLMD line of Nd:YAG laser units for use with
its contact laser delivery systems. The line consists of four units: the CLMD
25-watts to tissue, on 110 volts; the CLMD 40-watts to tissue, on 110 volts; the
CLMD Dual which operates up to 40-watts to tissue on 110 volts and up to
60-watts to tissue on 220 volts; and the CLMD 100-watts to tissue, on 220 volts.
The laser units feature a modular design that allows the customer to upgrade
from the 25-watt laser to the 40-watt or dual laser and from the 40-watt laser
to the dual laser. This modularity provides the customer the flexibility and
versatility to change its laser system easily to meet its changing surgery
needs. Current list prices for the lasers are as follows: CLMD 25-watts,
110-volts - $55,000; CLMD 40-watts, 110-volts - $70,000; CLMD Dual - $85,000;
and CLMD 100 watts - $95,000. These prices include a one-year warranty.

      SLT markets the CTH holmium laser unit for use with fiber-optic laser
delivery systems. The laser unit is 20-watts to tissue, and includes a variable
speed foot pedal for improved control of energy. The current list price for the
laser is $65,000, which includes a one-year warranty.

      SLT manufactures virtually all of its laser systems and laser delivery
systems (other than those manufactured by other companies that are utilized in
the provision of surgical services) at its Montgomeryville, Pennsylvania
facility. The raw materials SLT uses are generally available in adequate supply.
SLT obtains all of its partially finished laser probes and laser scalpels from
three suppliers in the United States. SLT performs materials processing and
final assembly on the laser probes and laser scalpels using proprietary and
patented treatment processes. SLT also manufactures the fiberoptic delivery
systems, with and without handpieces. A domestic supplier manufactures SLT's
sterile gas and fluid cartridge systems on an exclusive basis in accordance with
SLT's specifications.

      SURGICAL SERVICES. SLT provides its customers with the ability to utilize
SLT laser systems, as well as those of other companies, coupled with a
technician on a per-procedure basis. SLT provides these services for a variety
of surgical procedures utilizing various laser technologies. The per-procedure
prices SLT charges for surgical services vary based on the surgical procedure
performed and currently range from $100 to $3,500 per-procedure.

      HANDHELD SINUS INSTRUMENTATION. SLT markets a line of 27 precision
thru-cutting instruments used for minimally invasive sinus surgery. The line
includes instruments with cutting tips at several different angles to allow for
convenient access to difficult-to-reach anatomy. The instruments' list prices
range from $225 to $975.

      IRRIGATION AND SUCTION SYSTEM. SLT manufactures ClearESS, which provides
convenient and effective irrigation and suction to remove blood and debris for
enhanced visualization during endoscopic sinus surgery. SLT supplies this
product to Linvatec Corporation, which has exclusive worldwide marketing rights.

      CO(2) LASER ACCESSORIES. SLT manufactures and markets the Unimax(TM) laser
micro-manipulator and other laser accessories that are used primarily with a
CO(2) laser system for microscopic surgery. These products range in list price
from $2,750 to $17,250.

      MARKETING

      SLT sells its products and services to hospitals and surgery centers, and
to individual practitioners. SLT works closely with its customers to develop and
supply innovative technologies that advance therapeutic benefit. SLT designs its
products and services to improve cost-effectiveness and enhance access to and
ease of use of various technologies. Its marketing efforts include activities
designed to educate physicians and nurses in the use of its products and
services.

      SLT's sales organization provides consultation and assistance to customers
on the effective use of its products. The consultative sales effort varies
depending on many factors, which include the nature of the specialty involved
and complexity of the procedures. Maintaining this consultative effort allows
SLT to develop a long-term relationship with its customers. The length of the
sales cycle for a laser unit varies from one month to one year, with the average
sale requiring approximately six months. The length of the sales cycle for the
provision of services can range from immediate to several months depending on
the services desired.

      SLT's President and CEO and the President of SIS supervise the sales and
marketing activities. The sale and post-sale support SLT provides includes
region managers and clinical support specialists and marketing and technical
personnel. SLT trains the region managers and clinical support specialists in
the utilization of its products and services, which allows them to provide
clinical consultation regarding safety, efficacy and operating room procedures.
SLT's marketing and technology personnel provide the link to the customer to
create innovative solutions and identify new applications and product
opportunities. In some areas of the United States, SLT uses independent
distributors to provide this support.

      CONTRACT DEVELOPMENT AND PRIVATE LABEL MANUFACTURING. In the past, SLT has
augmented its sales to end-user customers by entering into specific contract
development and private label manufacturing agreements with other companies. SLT
expects to continue pursuing these efforts, which are designed to enhance its
product strengths and capabilities.

      INTERNATIONAL MARKETS. In addition to its domestic sales, SLT currently
sells its products internationally through distributors in Canada, and a number
of other countries in Western Europe, the Middle East and the Far East. During
fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999, domestic sales represented 87%, 89% and 89%,
respectively, of SLT's total sales. All export sales are transacted in U.S.
currency.

      RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

      SLT focuses its research and product development efforts on tissue effect
technologies that include laser and non-laser based technologies focused on
improving its product and service offerings. SLT's technological capabilities
are designed to be responsive to the surgeon's needs. SLT has the ability to
respond to development requirements in the areas of optical/materials
technology, laser and electrosurgical technology and mechanical and electronics
technology. During 2001, 2000, and 1999, SLT spent $562,000, $651,000 and
$741,000, respectively, on product development.

      SLT's facility in Montgomeryville, Pennsylvania houses its product
development activities. In addition to its internal product development
programs, SLT works closely with medical centers, universities and other
companies worldwide in an effort to develop additional products and
applications.

      SLT acquired its core laser probe and laser scalpel technology in 1985 in
consideration for royalty payments on net sales of probes and scalpels. SLT's
employees have developed the disposable fiberoptic delivery systems, with and
without handpieces, the disposable gas and fluid cartridge systems,
ceramic-enclosed probes, adjustable touch-control handpieces and ClearESS
irrigation and suction system. An outside consultant developed the handheld
sinus instrument line, which a domestic supplier manufactures.

      SLT continues to focus on developing new applications in minimally
invasive and open surgery procedures where precision and hemostasis are critical
to the procedure being performed and where its products and services can
demonstrate distinct clinical advantages and cost-effectiveness relative to
traditional surgical methods.

      COMPETITION

      SLT faces substantial competition from other manufacturers of surgical
systems, whose identity varies depending on the medical application for which
the surgical system is being used, and from traditional surgical methods. Other
companies are developing competitive surgical systems and related technologies.
Many of these companies are substantially larger and have substantially greater
resources than SLT. These efforts could result in additional competitive
pressures on SLT's operations.

      In addition, SLT faces competition from other surgical services companies
and from product manufacturers who may offer their products through a similar
per-procedure method.

      SLT faces substantial competition from well-established manufacturers of
non-laser products. These well-established companies have substantially greater
resources than SLT and could exert considerable competitive pressure on it.

      SLT continues to be aware that some companies have introduced into the
market concepts or products that draw on contact laser technology. However, SLT
does not believe that such concepts or products have a significant impact on it
sales.

      Through its patented contact laser delivery systems, SLT is able to
produce a wide range of temperature gradients, which address a broad range of
surgical procedures within multiple specialties. SLT's multiple specialty
capability reduces a hospital's need to purchase several lasers to meet its
specialists' varied requirements. These factors, coupled with the precision,
hemostasis, tactile feedback and control that its contact laser delivery systems
provide, are SLT's primary competitive strengths. SLT's non-laser products
employ novel features to differentiate them in the marketplace by facilitating
surgical procedures. Several of these products have patent applications pending.

      SLT's primary competitive strengths in surgical services are in the
training it provides its clinical service technicians, its adherence to quality
standards and its ability to integrate products, which it manufactures into the
range of services it provides. These strengths allow SLT to provide multiple
specialty capability on a cost-effective basis, which in turn reduces or
eliminates a hospital's need to purchase laser systems, associated delivery
systems and clinical support to meet its specialists' requirements.

      FDA AND RELATED MATTERS

      The FDA generally must approve the commercial sale of new medical devices.
Before SLT can sell medical lasers for commercial use, it generally must file a
pre-market notification pursuant to Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act, or the FDA must grant pre-market approval for a particular medical
device.

      The 510(k) notification filing must contain information that establishes
that the device in question is substantially equivalent to devices on the
market. SLT has received FDA clearance to commercially market its contact laser
system, including the laser unit, laser probes and laser scalpels and fiberoptic
delivery system, in a variety of surgical specialties and procedures in
gynecology, gastroenterology, urology, pulmonology, general and plastic surgery,
cardio-thoracic surgery, ENT surgery, ophthalmology, neurosurgery and head and
neck surgery. The FDA granted these clearances under Section 510(k) on the basis
of substantial equivalence to other laser or electrosurgical cutting devices
that had received prior clearances or were otherwise permitted to be used in
such areas.

      SLT has also received FDA clearance under Section 510(k) to commercially
market its holmium laser system, including the laser unit and fiberoptic
delivery systems, in a variety of surgical specialties and procedures in
urology, otorhinolarynogology, discectomy and percutaneous laser disc
decompression.

      SLT markets several Class I products that do not require 510(k) clearance
or pre-market approval. These products include ENT products, such as handheld
surgical instruments and suction/irrigation products.

      SLT anticipates that most of its new products will also be eligible for
the Section 510(k) clearance, although some new products, such as products for
which there are no or few substantially equivalent devices or uses, may be
subject to the lengthier pre-market approval process. SLT cannot provide any
assurance that the FDA will grant future clearances on a timely basis, if at
all. Failure to obtain FDA clearance or extensive delay in the FDA clearance
process for any new products, which represents a significant development for
SLT, would likely have a material adverse effect on its business.

      Following FDA clearance for commercial distribution, the primary form of
government regulation of medical products is the Quality System Regulations for
medical devices. These regulations, which the FDA administers, set forth
requirements for the design, manufacture, storage, quality control procedures
and installation of medical products for human use. In addition, there are a
variety of registration and reporting requirements with which SLT must comply.

      SLT is also subject to the regulations under the Radiation Control for
Health and Safety Act (1968) of the Center for Devices and Radiological Health
("CDRH") of the FDA. These regulations require laser manufacturers to file new
product and annual reports, to maintain quality control, product testing and
sales records, to incorporate certain design and operating features in lasers
sold to end-users and to certify and label each laser sold as belonging to one
of four classes, based on the level of radiation from the laser that is
accessible to users. Depending on the class of the product, SLT must affix
various warning labels and install specified protective devices. CDRH has the
authority to seek fines and other remedies for violations of the regulatory
requirements. To date, SLT has filed the documentation with CDRH for its laser
products requiring such filing, and has not experienced any difficulties or
incurred significant costs in complying with such regulations.

      Federal law requires Medicare to establish guidelines for hospital
reimbursement based on patient diagnosis ("Diagnostic Related Group" or "DRG").
Once a diagnosis is made, the payment to the hospital is fixed irrespective of
the length of the hospital stay, the method of treatment, the supplies used or
the tests carried out. This provides the hospital with an incentive to adopt
cost reduction methods. SLT believes that the contact laser system may reduce
costs to hospitals by reducing length of stay due primarily to the reduced need
for invasive surgery, general anesthesia or related medical treatments.

      The FDA and other governmental agencies, both in the United States and in
foreign countries, may adopt additional rules and regulations that may affect
SLT's operations and products.

      PATENTS

      SLT's patents offer significant protection to the differentiation of its
contact laser delivery systems from competitors' products. SLT has sought and
enjoys such protection principally in the United States. As of December 30,
2001, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office had issued 18 patents to SLT. These
patents generally expire 17 years from the following respective dates of
issuance: September 15, 1987 (laser scalpels); April 12, 1988 (coatings);
November 22, 1988 (two-piece disposable laser delivery system); April 18, 1989
(laser probes and scalpels); January 23, 1990 (supply system for sterile fluids
and gases); January 23, 1990 (two-piece disposable laser delivery system);
October 13, 1992 (unitary scalpel); June 22, 1993 (adjustable touch control
hand-piece); January 10, 1995 (contact or insertion laser probe having wide
angle radiation); May 16, 1995 (fused tip and fiber); May 28, 1996 (probe with
inclusions); March 4, 1997 (surgical tool for use with contact laser); September
5, 1998 (a continuation of surgical laser tool issued March 4, 1997); November
10, 1998 (laterally-emitting laser devices); August 31, 1999 (method of treating
a body cavity using an endoscopic surgical laser); September 28, 1999
(photooptic breakdown probe); February 15, 2000 (laser catheter); and August 28,
2001 (multifit handpiece ClearESS). SLT has several other patents pending before
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, as well as other patents and pending
applications overseas.

      SLT intends to continue its policy of defending vigorously the ownership
and protection of its proprietary technology against significant encroachments.
However, SLT cannot provide any assurance that such policy will be successful.
Many of SLT's products and services are offered under trademarks and service
marks, both registered and unregistered. SLT believes its trademarks encourage
customer loyalty and aid in the differentiation of its products from
competitors' products. Accordingly, SLT has registered seven trademarks with the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. SLT has also filed its intent to register
other trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, principally in areas
outside of contact laser surgery. SLT also has other trademark registrations
issued or pending abroad.

      EMPLOYEES

      As of October 17, 2002, SLT had 87 employees of whom 58 worked in
manufacturing, service and operations, seven in research and product
development, 12 in sales, marketing and customer service and 10 in general
administration. SLT's employees are not represented by a union. SLT consider its
relations with its employees to be good.

      DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES

      SLT leases a 42,000 sq. ft. facility in Montgomeryville, Pennsylvania that
houses all of its administrative and manufacturing operations. The term of the
lease runs until July 2006. In addition to this facility, SLT also leases
several offices throughout the southeastern United States. SLT's sales
representatives use these offices to perform their sales and training
responsibilities. With the exception of the Tuscaloosa, Alabama office, these
offices consist of one-room offices under various operating leases. The
Tuscaloosa, Alabama office is a 5,000 sq. ft. facility with a lease term
expiring in July 2003.

      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      SLT is involved in various legal actions arising in the normal course of
business, but management believes that these actions will not have a material
adverse effect on SLT's financial position or results of operations.

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

      OVERVIEW

      SLT develops, manufactures and sells proprietary laser systems for both
contact and non-contact surgery. In addition, SLT also delivers turn-key
surgical services, which include the provision of technicians, capital equipment
and disposable and reusable products for specific surgical procedures. SLT
provides these surgical services under both contractual agreements and
non-contracted arrangements. SLT charges all of its surgical service customers
for the services it provides on a per-procedure basis. SLT also supplements its
sales of laser systems and surgical services with several non-laser product
offerings.

      SLT's growth strategy includes a continued emphasis on identifying
surgical procedures that benefit from the precision and hemostatic capabilities
of its proprietary technology coupled with the development and sourcing of
products that provide the opportunity to expand through traditional sales
channels as well as through the provision of fee-based surgical services.

      SLT's net sales are generated primarily by three sources: sales of laser
delivery systems and related accessories; sales of Nd:YAG laser systems, CTH
holmium laser systems and related maintenance; and the provision of surgical
services. The U.S. market is serviced predominantly by a direct sales force,
while sales outside the United States are derived through a network of
distributors.

      ACQUISITION OF SURGICAL INNOVATIONS & SERVICES, INC.

      On June 1, 2000, SLT acquired Surgical Innovations & Services Inc., or
SIS, a closely held Alabama corporation that provides surgical services to
hospitals and surgery centers in the southeastern United States. The acquisition
of SIS significantly increased SLT's sales presence in the southeastern United
States and expanded SLT's service offerings to include the provision of other
companies' products for various types of surgical procedures.

      SLT accounted for the acquisition using the purchase accounting method and
has therefore included the results of operation of SIS from June 1, 2000 in the
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus. As consideration for the SIS business, SLT paid $300,000
in cash and issued 350,000 shares of common stock to the stockholders of SIS.
The purchase price also included approximately $2,702,000 of assumed
liabilities, comprised of $2,323,000 in debt obligations and $379,000 in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities.

      SLT allocated the purchase price to acquired assets based on their fair
values at the date of acquisition. SLT acquired assets valued at $3,193,000,
primarily comprised of the following: $2,763,000 in property and equipment;
$260,000

in accounts receivable; $107,000 in inventory; and $34,000 in other assets. The
property and equipment SLT acquired included $2,523,000 of lasers used in
providing the SIS rental services to customers. SLT allocated the excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired of approximately
$648,000 to goodwill.

      During 2001, SLT expanded the SIS geographic territories to include New
Orleans, LA, Augusta, GA, Milwaukee, WI, Washington DC and Baltimore, MD.

      SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

      The following table sets forth certain unaudited financial data for each
of the quarters within the twelve months ended December 30, 2001 and December
31, 2000 and the quarters in the six months ended June 30, 2002. This
information has been derived from the consolidated financial statements of SLT,
and in management's opinion, reflects all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation of the information for
the quarters presented. The operating results for any quarter are not
necessarily indicative of results for any future period:

                                                               (UNAUDITED)
                                                   (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
                                                   -------------------------------------
2002 QUARTER ENDED                                  MARCH 31         JUNE 30
                                                    --------         -------

Net sales                                           $  2,759         $  2,826
Gross profit                      