URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/28630/000095012302009990/0000950123-02-009990.txt

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 HEADQUARTERS PLZ N
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1421
		CITY:			MORRISTOWN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07960
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3217273672

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		89 HEADQUARTERS PLZ N
		CITY:			MORRISTOWN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07960

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PARAVANT COMPUTER SYSTEMS INC /FL/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950424

FILED BY:		

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DRS TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000028630
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEARCH, DETECTION, NAVIGATION, GUIDANCE, AERONAUTICAL SYS [3812]
		IRS NUMBER:				132632319
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		SC TO-T

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3RD FLOOR
		STREET 2:		5 SYLVAN WAY
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9738981500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16 THORNTON RD
		CITY:			OAKLAND
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07436

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIAGNOSTIC RETRIEVAL SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

SC TO-T

y64755tsctovt.txt

TENDER OFFER STATEMENT

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ---------------------

                                  SCHEDULE TO
           TENDER OFFER STATEMENT UNDER SECTION 14(D)(1) OR 13(E)(1)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                             ---------------------

                                 PARAVANT INC.
                       (NAME OF SUBJECT COMPANY (ISSUER))

                           PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION
                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                       (NAME OF FILING PERSON (OFFERORS))
                    COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.015 PER SHARE
                       (TITLES OF CLASSES OF SECURITIES)

                                   69937610 9
                    (CUSIP NUMBERS OF CLASSES OF SECURITIES)

                                  NINA L. DUNN
                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                  5 SYLVAN WAY
                              PARSIPPANY, NJ 07054
                                 (973) 898-1500
            (NAME, ADDRESS AND TELEPHONE NUMBER OF PERSON AUTHORIZED
     TO RECEIVE NOTICES AND COMMUNICATIONS ON BEHALF OF THE FILING PERSON)
                                    COPY TO:
                            JEFFREY W. TINDELL, ESQ.
                    SKADDEN, ARPS, SLATE, MEAGHER & FLOM LLP
                               FOUR TIMES SQUARE
                            NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10036
                                 (212) 735-3000
                           CALCULATION OF FILING FEE

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             TRANSACTION VALUATION*                               AMOUNT OF FILING FEE**
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                   $92,589,017                                           $8,518.19
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * Estimated for purposes of calculating the filing fee only. This calculation
   assumes the purchase of 17,378,290 shares of common stock of Paravant Inc.
   (based on the number of shares outstanding as of October 23, 2002, which was
   17,354,040, plus the number of shares of common stock to be issued under the
   Paravant Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which is 24,250) at the tender offer
   price of $4.75 per share of common stock. The transaction value also includes
   the offer price of $4.75 less $2.20 which is the weighted-average exercise
   price of outstanding options as of October 23, 2002, multiplied by 3,808,682
   the estimated number of options outstanding on such date. The transaction
   value further includes the offer price of $4.75 less $2.75 which is the
   exercise price of warrants as of October 23, 2002, multiplied by 165,000, the
   number of warrants outstanding on such date.

** The amount of the filing fee, calculated in accordance with Rule 0-11 of the
   Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Fee Advisory #6 for
   Fiscal Year 2003 issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October
   18, 2002, equals 0.0092% of the transaction valuation.

[ ]  Check the box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Rule
     0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing with which the offsetting fee was
     previously paid. Identify the previous filing by registration statement
     number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

   Amount Previously Paid:                                 Filing Party:
   Form or Registration No.:                               Date Filed:

[ ]  Check the box if the filing relates solely to preliminary communications
     made before the commencement of a tender offer.

Check the appropriate boxes below to designate any transactions to which the
statement relates:

[X]  third-party tender offer subject to Rule 14d-1.

[ ]  issuer tender offer subject to Rule 13e-4.

[ ]  going-private transaction subject to Rule 13e-3.

[ ]  amendment to Schedule 13D under Rule 13d-2.

     This Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO (this "Schedule TO") relates to
the offer by Prince Merger Corporation, a Florida corporation ("Purchaser") and
wholly owned subsidiary of DRS Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), to purchase all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value
$0.015, of Paravant Inc., a Florida corporation (the "Company"), at a purchase
price of $4.75 per share, net to the seller in cash, without interest thereon,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase,
dated October 28, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and in the related Letter of
Transmittal, copies of which are filed with this Schedule TO as Exhibits
(a)(1)(A) and (a)(1)(B), respectively. This Schedule TO is being filed on behalf
of Purchaser and Parent.

     The information set forth in the Offer to Purchase, including Schedule I
thereto, is hereby incorporated by reference in answer to items 1 through 11 of
this Schedule TO, and is supplemented by the information specifically provided
herein.

ITEM 1. SUMMARY TERM SHEET.

     The information set forth in the "Summary Term Sheet" of the Offer to
Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 2.  SUBJECT COMPANY INFORMATION.

     (a) The name of the subject company is Paravant Inc., a Florida
corporation. The Company's principal executive offices are located at 89
Headquarters Plaza North, Suite 1421, Morristown, NJ 07960. The Company's
telephone number is (973) 631-6190.

     (b) This Schedule TO relates to the Company's common stock, par value
$0.015 per share, of which there were 17,354,040 shares issued and outstanding
as of October 23, 2002. The information set forth in the "Introduction" of the
Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference.

     (c) The information set forth in Section 6 of the Offer to Purchase
entitled "Price Range of the Shares; Dividends on the Shares" is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 3.  IDENTITY AND BACKGROUND OF FILING PERSON.

     (a) This Schedule TO is filed by Purchaser and Parent. The information set
forth in Section 9 of the Offer to Purchase entitled "Certain Information
Concerning Parent and Purchaser" is incorporated herein by reference.

     (b) The information set forth in Section 9 of the Offer to Purchase
entitled "Certain Information Concerning Parent and Purchaser" is incorporated
herein by reference.

     (c) The information set forth in Section 9 of the Offer to Purchase
entitled "Certain Information Concerning Parent and Purchaser" is incorporated
herein by reference. Except as set forth below, during the last five years, none
of Purchaser or Parent or, to the best knowledge of Purchaser or Parent, any of
the persons listed on Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase (i) has been convicted
in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors)
or (ii) was a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for
matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) resulting in a
judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of,
or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or
finding of any violation of such laws.

ITEM 4.  TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION.

     (a)(1)(i)-(viii), (x)-(xii) The information set forth in the "Introduction"
and in Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 7 of the Offer to Purchase entitled "Terms of
the Offer," "Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares," "Procedure for
Tendering Shares," "Withdrawal Rights," "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences" and "Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares; Stock
Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulation," respectively, is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 5.  PAST CONTACTS, TRANSACTIONS, NEGOTIATIONS AND AGREEMENTS.

     The information set forth in Sections 9 and 11 of the Offer to Purchase
entitled "Certain Information Concerning Parent and Purchaser" and "Background
of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; the Merger Agreement and
Certain Other Agreements," respectively, is incorporated herein by reference.
Except as set forth therein, there have been no material contacts, negotiations
or transactions during the past two years which would be required to be
disclosed under this Item 5 between any of Purchaser or Parent or any of their
respective subsidiaries or, to the best knowledge of Purchaser or Parent, any of
those persons listed on Schedule I to the Offer to Purchase, on the one hand,
and the Company or its affiliates, on the other, concerning a merger,
consolidation or acquisition, a tender offer or other acquisition of securities,
an election of directors or sale or transfer of a material amount of assets.

ITEM 6.  PURPOSES OF THE TRANSACTION AND PLANS OR PROPOSALS.

     (a),(c)(1)-(7) The information set forth in the "Introduction" and Sections
7, 11 and 12 of the Offer to Purchase entitled "Effect of the Offer on the
Market for the Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin
Regulations," "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; the
Merger Agreement and Certain Other Agreements" and "Plans for the Company,"
respectively, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7.  SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS OR OTHER CONSIDERATION.

     The information set forth in Section 10 of the Offer to Purchase entitled
"Source and Amount of Funds" is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8.  INTEREST IN SECURITIES OF THE SUBJECT COMPANY.

     The information set forth in the "Introduction" and Sections 9 and 11 of
the Offer to Purchase entitled "Certain Information Concerning Parent and
Purchaser", "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; the
Merger Agreement and Certain Other Agreements," respectively, is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 9.  PERSONS/ASSETS, RETAINED, EMPLOYED, COMPENSATED OR USED.

     The information set forth in the "Introduction" and Section 15 of the Offer
to Purchase entitled "Fees and Expenses" is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 10.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

     Not applicable.

ITEM 11.  ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.

     The information set forth in Sections 11, 14 and 15 of the Offer to
Purchase entitled "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and the Merger;
the Merger Agreement and Certain Other Agreements," "Certain Legal Matters" and
"Fees and Expenses," respectively, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.  EXHIBITS.

    (a)(1)(A)   Offer to Purchase, dated October 28, 2002.
    (a)(1)(B)   Form of Letter of Transmittal.
    (a)(1)(C)   Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
    (a)(1)(D)   Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies
                and Other Nominees.
    (a)(1)(E)   Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers,
                Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.
    (a)(1)(F)   Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
                Number on Substitute Form W-9.

    (a)(1)(G)   Press Release issued by Parent on October 24, 2002
                (incorporated herein by reference to the pre-commencement
                Schedule TO filed by Parent and Purchaser on October 24,
                2002).
    (a)(1)(H)   Joint Press Release issued by Parent and the Company on
                October 28, 2002.
    (a)(1)(I)   Summary Advertisement published in The Wall Street Journal
                on October 28, 2002.
    (a)(1)(J)   Letter to Shareholders, dated October 28, 2002, from the
                President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
    (b)(1)      Credit Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2001, by and
                among Parent as borrower, the lenders referred to therein,
                Wachovia Bank, N.A. (formerly known as First Union National)
                as administrative agent, TD Securities (USA) Inc. as
                syndication agent and Mellon Investor Services LLC, N.A. as
                documentation agent, as amended by the First Amendment on
                March 26, 2002, the Second Amendment on May 23, 2002 and the
                Third Amendment on July 15, 2002.
    (b)(2)      Commitment Letter, dated October 27, 2002 among Parent,
                Wachovia Securities, Inc. and Wachovia Bank, N.A.
    (d)(1)      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                among Parent, Purchaser and the Company.
    (d)(2)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                by and among Parent, Purchaser and Krishan K. Joshi, Vicky
                M. Joshi and UES Inc.
    (d)(3)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                by and among Parent, Purchaser and William R. Craven.
    (d)(4)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                by and among Parent, Purchaser and Richard P. McNeight.
    (d)(5)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 2002, by
                and among Parent, Purchaser and James E. Clifford.
    (d)(6)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                by and among Parent, Purchaser and C. Hyland Schooley.
    (d)(7)      Confidentiality Agreement, dated April 24, 2002, by and
                between Parent and the Company.
    (g)         Not applicable.
    (h)         Not applicable.

                                   SIGNATURES

     After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify
that the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct.

                                          PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION

                                          By:      /s/ MARK S. NEWMAN
                                            ------------------------------------
                                              Name:  Mark S. Newman
                                              Title:  President

                                          DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                          By:      /s/ MARK S. NEWMAN
                                            ------------------------------------
                                              Name:  Mark S. Newman
                                              Title:  Chairman, President and
                                              Chief Executive Officer

Date:  October 28, 2002

                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS

     EXHIBIT
     NUMBER                               DOCUMENT
     -------                              --------

    (a)(1)(A)   Offer to Purchase, dated October 28, 2002.
    (a)(1)(B)   Form of Letter of Transmittal.
    (a)(1)(C)   Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.
    (a)(1)(D)   Form of Letter to Brokers, Dealers, Banks, Trust Companies
                and Other Nominees.
    (a)(1)(E)   Form of Letter to Clients for use by Brokers, Dealers,
                Banks, Trust Companies and Other Nominees.
    (a)(1)(F)   Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification
                Number on Substitute Form W-9.
    (a)(1)(G)   Press Release issued by Parent on October 24, 2002
                (incorporated herein by reference to the pre-commencement
                Schedule TO filed by Parent and Purchaser on October 24,
                2002).
    (a)(1)(H)   Joint Press Release issued by Parent and the Company on
                October 28, 2002.
    (a)(1)(I)   Summary Advertisement published in The Wall Street Journal
                on October 28, 2002.
    (a)(1)(J)   Letter to Shareholders, dated October 28, 2002, from the
                President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
    (b)(1)      Credit Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2001, by and
                among Parent as borrower, the lenders referred to therein,
                Wachovia Bank, N.A. (formerly known as First Union National)
                as administrative agent, TD Securities (USA) Inc. as
                syndication agent and Mellon Investor Services LLC, N.A. as
                documentation agent, as amended by the First Amendment on
                March 26, 2002, the Second Amendment on May 23, 2002 and the
                Third Amendment on July 15, 2002.
    (b)(2)      Commitment Letter, dated October 27, 2002 among Parent,
                Wachovia Securities, Inc. and Wachovia Bank, N.A.
    (d)(1)      Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                among Parent, Purchaser and the Company.
    (d)(2)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                by and among Parent, Purchaser and Krishan K. Joshi, Vicky
                M. Joshi and UES Inc.
    (d)(3)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                by and among Parent, Purchaser and William R. Craven.
    (d)(4)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                by and among Parent, Purchaser and Richard P. McNeight.
    (d)(5)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 2002, by
                and among Parent, Purchaser and James E. Clifford.
    (d)(6)      Tender and Voting Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2002,
                by and among Parent, Purchaser and C. Hyland Schooley.
    (d)(7)      Confidentiality Agreement, dated April 24, 2002, by and
                between Parent and the Company.
    (g)         Not applicable.
    (h)         Not applicable.

EX-99.A.1.A

y64755texv99waw1wa.txt

OFFER TO PURCHASE

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH
                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
                                       OF

                                 PARAVANT INC.
                                       BY

                           PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                       AT

                              $4.75 NET PER SHARE

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

THE OFFER IS BEING MADE PURSUANT TO AN AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED AS OF
OCTOBER 23, 2002 (THE "MERGER AGREEMENT"), BY AND AMONG DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
("PARENT"), PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION (THE "PURCHASER") AND PARAVANT INC. (THE
"COMPANY").

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY UNANIMOUSLY (I) HAS DETERMINED THAT THE
TERMS OF THE OFFER, THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE
BEST INTERESTS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, (II) HAS APPROVED AND ADOPTED
THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE
OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (III) RECOMMENDS THAT THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THERE BEING VALIDLY TENDERED
AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER, THAT NUMBER OF SHARES
WHICH REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY
DILUTED BASIS ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE, THE EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF ANY
APPLICABLE WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT
OF 1976, AS AMENDED, AND THE OTHER CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS OFFER TO
PURCHASE. SEE SECTION 13 -- "CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER".
                            ------------------------
                                   IMPORTANT

     Any shareholder who desires to tender all or any portion of such
shareholder's shares should either (i) complete and sign the Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof) in accordance with the instructions in the
Letter of Transmittal, mail or deliver it and any other required documents to
the Depositary (as defined herein) and either deliver the certificates for such
shares to the Depositary or tender such shares pursuant to the procedures for
book-entry transfer set forth in Section 3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares"
or (ii) request such shareholder's broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust
company or other nominee to effect the transaction for such shareholder. Any
shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a broker, dealer,
commercial bank, trust company or other nominee must contact such person to
tender their shares.

     Any shareholder who desires to tender shares and whose certificates
representing such shares are not immediately available, or who cannot comply
with the procedures for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, may tender such
shares by following the procedures for guaranteed delivery set forth in Section
3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares."

     Questions and requests for assistance may be directed to D.F. King & Co.,
Inc. (the "Information Agent") or Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. (the "Dealer
Manager") at their respective locations and telephone numbers set forth on the
back cover of this Offer to Purchase. Requests for additional copies of this
Offer to Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed
Delivery may be directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager, or to
brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies. A shareholder also may
contact brokers, dealers, commercial banks or trust companies for assistance
concerning the Offer.
                            ------------------------
                      The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:
                            BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.
                            ------------------------
October 28, 2002

                               

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

SUMMARY TERM SHEET..........................................    1
INTRODUCTION................................................    5
THE OFFER...................................................    7
      1.  Terms of the Offer................................    7
      2.  Acceptance for Payment and Payment for Shares.....    9
      3.  Procedure for Tendering Shares....................   10
      4.  Withdrawal Rights.................................   12
      5.  Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences......   13
      6.  Price Range of the Shares; Dividends on the
      Shares................................................   14
      7.  Effect of the Offer on the Market for the Shares;
          Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin
          Regulations.......................................   14
      8.  Certain Information Concerning the Company........   15
      9.  Certain Information Concerning Parent and
      Purchaser.............................................   18
     10.  Source and Amount of Funds........................   19
     11.  Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and
          the Merger; the Merger Agreement and Certain Other
          Agreements........................................   20
     12.  Plans For the Company.............................   34
     13.  Certain Conditions of the Offer...................   35
     14.  Certain Legal Matters.............................   37
     15.  Fees and Expenses.................................   40
     16.  Miscellaneous.....................................   40
SCHEDULE I -- Directors and Executive Officers of Parent and
  Purchaser.................................................   41

                                        i

                               SUMMARY TERM SHEET

     Prince Merger Corporation is offering to purchase all of the outstanding
common stock of Paravant Inc. for $4.75 per share in cash. The following are
some of the questions you, as a shareholder of Paravant Inc. may have and
answers to those questions. We urge you to carefully read the remainder of this
Offer to Purchase because the information in this summary is not complete and
additional important information is contained in the remainder of this Offer to
Purchase and the Letter of Transmittal.

WHO IS OFFERING TO BUY MY SHARES?

     Our name is Prince Merger Corporation. We are a Florida corporation formed
for the purpose of making a tender offer for all of the common stock of Paravant
Inc. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of DRS Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation. See "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 9 --
"Certain Information Concerning Parent and Purchaser."

WHAT SHARES ARE BEING SOUGHT IN THE OFFER?

     We are seeking to purchase all of the outstanding common stock of Paravant
Inc. See "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section 1 -- "Terms of the
Offer."

HOW MUCH ARE YOU OFFERING TO PAY? WHAT IS THE FORM OF PAYMENT? WILL I HAVE TO
PAY ANY FEES OR COMMISSIONS?

     We are offering to pay $4.75 per share, net to you, in cash. If you are the
record owner of your shares and you tender your shares to us in the offer, you
will not have to pay brokerage fees or similar expenses. If you own your shares
through a broker or other nominee, and your broker tenders your shares on your
behalf, your broker or nominee may charge you a fee for doing so. You should
consult your broker or nominee to determine whether any charges will apply. See
"Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase.

DO YOU HAVE THE FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO MAKE PAYMENT?

     DRS Technologies, Inc., our parent company, will provide us with sufficient
funds to purchase all shares validly tendered and not withdrawn in the offer and
to provide funding for the merger which is expected to follow the successful
completion of the offer (as discussed below). All of these funds are expected to
be obtained from DRS's generally available corporate funds and an existing
credit facility of DRS. The existing credit facility does not permit the
consummation of the Offer and the Merger, however, DRS has entered into a
commitment letter with the administrative agent of the existing credit facility
which provides for a waiver of the provisions in the existing credit facility
that prohibit the Offer and the Merger or, alternatively DRS entering into a
replacement credit facility that will permit the consummation of the Offer and
the Merger. The offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangement. See
Section 10 -- "Source and Amount of Funds."

IS YOUR FINANCIAL CONDITION RELEVANT TO MY DECISION TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

     We do not think that our financial condition is relevant to your decision
to tender in the offer because:

     - the form of payment consists solely of cash and the Offer is to purchase
       all outstanding Shares;

     - we, through our parent company DRS Technologies, Inc., are arranging for
       our funding from generally available corporate funds and an existing
       credit facility as discussed above;

     - the offer is not subject to any financing condition; and

     - if we consummate the offer, we will acquire all remaining shares for the
       same cash price in the merger as in the offer.

See Section 10 -- "Source and Amount of Funds."

HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO DECIDE WHETHER TO TENDER IN THE OFFER?

     You will have at least until 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on Friday,
November 22, 2002, to decide whether to tender your shares in the offer.
Further, if you cannot deliver everything that is required in order to make a
valid tender by that time, you may be able to use a guaranteed delivery
procedure, which is described later in this Offer to Purchase. See Section
1 -- "Terms of the Offer" and Section 3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares."

CAN THE OFFER BE EXTENDED AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES?

     Yes. The offer can be extended for varying lengths of time depending on the
circumstances. We have agreed in the merger agreement that:

     - We may, at our discretion, extend the expiration date of the offer if any
       of the conditions to our obligation to accept for payment and pay for
       shares tendered into the offer have not been satisfied or waived by us.

     - We may, at our discretion, extend the expiration date of the offer for up
       to ten (10) business days if less than 80% of the outstanding shares are
       tendered;

     - We may, at our discretion, elect to provide a subsequent offering period
       of three (3) to twenty (20) business days, beginning after we have
       purchased shares during the offer, during which shareholders may tender,
       but not withdraw, their shares and receive the offer consideration.

     - We may extend the expiration date of the offer upon an increase in the
       offer price for the shares as provided under federal securities laws.

     See Section 1 -- "Terms of the Offer."

HOW WILL I BE NOTIFIED IF THE OFFER IS EXTENDED?

     If we extend the offer, we will inform Mellon Investor Services LLC (which
is the depositary for the offer) of that fact and will make a public
announcement of the extension, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on
the business day after the day on which the offer was scheduled to expire. See
Section 1 -- "Terms of the Offer."

WHAT ARE THE MOST SIGNIFICANT CONDITIONS TO THE OFFER?

     - We are not obligated to purchase any shares which are validly tendered
       unless that number of shares represents at least a majority of the shares
       of Paravant Inc. outstanding on a fully diluted basis.

     - We are not obligated to purchase shares which are validly tendered if,
       among other things, Paravant Inc. shall have not satisfied the conditions
       set forth in the Merger Agreement (See Section 13 to this Offer to
       Purchase -- "Certain Conditions of the Offer"), including if the Board of
       Directors of Paravant Inc. shall have withdrawn its recommendation of the
       offer and merger.

     - We are not obligated to purchase shares unless and until the expiration
       or termination of applicable waiting periods or comparable provisions
       under any applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations under
       United States antitrust law.

HOW DO I TENDER MY SHARES?

     To tender shares, you must deliver the certificates representing your
shares, together with a completed letter of transmittal, to Mellon Investor
Services LLC, the depositary for the offer, not later than the time the tender
offer expires. If your shares are held in street name, the shares can be
tendered by your nominee through Mellon Investor Services LLC. If you cannot get
something that is required to the depositary by the expiration of the tender
offer, you may get a little extra time to do so by having a broker, a bank or
other fiduciary which is a member of the Securities Transfer Agents Medallion
Program or other eligible institution guarantee that the missing items will be
received by the depositary within three Nasdaq Stock Market trading

days. However, the depositary must receive the missing items within that three
trading day period or else your shares will not be validly tendered. See Section
3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares."

UNTIL WHAT TIME CAN I WITHDRAW PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES?

     You can withdraw shares at any time until the offer has expired. If we have
not agreed to accept your shares for payment by December 26, 2002, you can
withdraw them at any time after such time until we accept them for payment. This
right to withdraw will not apply to any subsequent offering period discussed in
Section 1. See Section 1 -- "Terms of the Offer" and Section 4 -- "Withdrawal
Rights."

HOW DO I WITHDRAW PREVIOUSLY TENDERED SHARES?

     To withdraw shares, you must deliver a written notice of withdrawal, or a
facsimile of one, with the required information to the depositary while you
still have the right to withdraw the shares. See Section 4 -- "Withdrawal
Rights."

WHAT DOES THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PARAVANT INC. THINK OF THE OFFER?

     We are making the offer pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger with
Paravant Inc., which has been approved by the board of directors of Paravant
Inc. The board of directors of Paravant Inc. has unanimously approved the Merger
Agreement, our tender offer and the proposed merger of us with and into Paravant
Inc. The board of directors of Paravant Inc. also has unanimously determined
that the Merger Agreement, the tender offer and the proposed merger are fair to
and in the best interests of shareholders and has recommended that shareholders
tender their shares. See "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section
11 -- "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; the Merger
Agreement and Certain Other Agreements."

HAVE ANY PARAVANT INC. SHAREHOLDERS AGREED TO TENDER THEIR SHARES?

     Yes. Certain shareholders owning approximately 22% of the Company's
outstanding shares who are all directors or executive officers of the Company or
its subsidiaries (or relatives of, or entities controlled by, such persons) have
agreed to tender their shares in the Offer pursuant to certain Shareholder
Tender and Voting Agreements which have been approved by the board of directors
of Paravant Inc. See "Introduction" to this Offer to Purchase and Section
11 -- "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; the Merger
Agreement and Certain Other Agreements."

IF A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES ARE TENDERED AND ACCEPTED FOR PAYMENT, WILL PARAVANT
INC. CONTINUE AS A PUBLIC COMPANY?

     No. If a majority of the outstanding shares of Paravant Inc. on a fully
diluted basis are tendered and accepted for payment, subject to the Merger
Agreement we will be merged with and into Paravant Inc. If the merger takes
place, Paravant Inc. no longer will be publicly owned. Even if the merger does
not take place, if we purchase all the tendered shares, there may be so few
remaining shareholders and publicly held shares that Paravant Inc. common stock
will no longer be eligible to be traded through a Nasdaq market or on a
securities exchange, there may not be a public trading market for Paravant Inc.,
and Paravant Inc. may cease making filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission or otherwise being required to comply with the SEC rules relating to
publicly held companies. See Section 7 -- "Effect of the Offer on the Market for
the Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations."

WILL THE TENDER OFFER BE FOLLOWED BY A MERGER IF ALL THE PARAVANT INC. SHARES
ARE NOT TENDERED IN THE OFFER?

     If we accept for payment and pay for at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of Paravant Inc. on a fully diluted basis, subject to the Merger
Agreement we will be merged with and into Paravant Inc. If that merger takes
place, DRS Technologies, Inc. will own all of the shares of Paravant Inc. and
all remaining shareholders of Paravant Inc. (other than us and DRS Technologies,
Inc.) will receive $4.75 per share in cash. See "Introduction" to this Offer to
Purchase.

IF I DECIDE NOT TO TENDER, HOW WILL THE OFFER AFFECT MY SHARES?

     If the merger described above takes place, shareholders not tendering in
the offer will receive the same amount of cash per share which they would have
received had they tendered their shares in the offer. Therefore, if the merger
takes place, the only difference to you between tendering your shares and not
tendering your shares is that you will be paid earlier if you tender your
shares. If you decide not to tender your shares in the offer and we purchase the
shares tendered by other shareholders, but the merger does not occur, the number
of shareholders and of shares of Paravant Inc. which are still in the hands of
the public may be so small that there no longer may be an active public trading
market (or, possibly, any public trading market) for the Paravant Inc. common
stock. Also, as described above, Paravant Inc. may cease making filings with the
SEC or otherwise being required to comply with the SEC rules relating to
publicly held companies. You do not have the right to assert dissenters' rights
as a result of the offer or merger described above. See "Introduction" to this
Offer to Purchase and Section 7 -- "Effect of the Offer on the Market for the
Shares; Stock Listing; Exchange Act Registration; Margin Regulations."

WHAT IS THE MARKET VALUE OF MY SHARES AS OF A RECENT DATE?

     On October 23, 2002, the last trading day before we announced the tender
offer and the possible subsequent merger, the last sale price of Paravant Inc.
common stock reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $3.60 per share. On
October 25, 2002, the last full day prior to commencement of the offer, the last
reported sales price of the shares on the Nasdaq National Market was $4.69 per
share of common stock. We advise you to obtain a recent quotation for shares of
Paravant Inc. common stock in deciding whether to tender your shares. See
Section 6 -- "Price Range of the Shares; Dividends on the Shares."

WHAT ARE THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF TENDERING SHARES
AND OF THE MERGER?

     The sale or exchange of shares pursuant to the offer and the merger will be
a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and possibly
for state, local and foreign tax purposes as well. In general, a shareholder who
sells shares for cash pursuant to the offer or receives cash in exchange for
shares pursuant to the merger will recognize gain or loss for United States
federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the amount
of cash received and the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the shares sold or
exchanged. See Section 5 -- "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences."

WHO CAN I TALK TO IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT THE TENDER OFFER?

     You can call D.F. King & Co., Inc. at (800) 628-8532 (toll free). D.F. King
& Co., Inc. is acting as the information agent for our tender offer.

To the Holders of Common Stock of Paravant Inc.:

                                  INTRODUCTION

     Prince Merger Corporation, a Florida corporation (the "Purchaser") and a
wholly owned subsidiary of DRS Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), hereby offers to purchase all issued and outstanding shares of
common stock ("Common Stock"), par value $0.015 per share (the "Shares"), of
Paravant Inc., a Florida corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $4.75 per
Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in this Offer to Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal
(which, together with any amendments or supplements hereto or thereto,
collectively constitute the "Offer").

     Tendering shareholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
commissions or, except as set forth in Instruction 6 of the Letter of
Transmittal, transfer taxes on the sale of Shares pursuant to the Offer.
Purchaser will pay all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Offer
of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., which is acting as the Dealer Manager, D.F. King &
Co., Inc., which is acting as the Information Agent (the "Information Agent"),
and Mellon Investor Securities LLC which is acting as the Depositary (the
"Depositary"). See Section 15 -- "Fees and Expenses."

     THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER, THAT NUMBER OF
SHARES WHICH REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY
DILUTED BASIS ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE (THE "MINIMUM CONDITION"). SEE SECTION
13 -- "CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER."

     The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
October 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Parent, Purchaser and
the Company pursuant to which, no later than the second business day after the
satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of all conditions to the Merger (as
defined below), Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company, with the
Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, and the
separate corporate existence of Purchaser will thereupon cease. The merger of
Purchaser with and into the Company as effected pursuant to the immediately
preceding sentence, is referred to herein as the "Merger," and the Company as
the Surviving Corporation of the Merger is sometimes herein referred to as the
"Surviving Corporation." At the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective
Time"), each Share (other than Shares held by Parent, Purchaser or any other
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent) will be cancelled and retired and converted
into the right to receive $4.75 per Share, net to the seller in cash (such
price, being referred to herein as the "Offer Price"), payable to the holder
thereof without interest (the "Merger Consideration"). The Merger Agreement is
more fully described in Section 11 -- "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the
Offer and the Merger; the Merger Agreement and Certain Other Agreements."

     The Company has informed Purchaser that, as of October 23, 2002, there were
(i) 17,354,040 Shares issued and outstanding; (ii) outstanding options
(including shares to be issued pursuant to the Company's Employee Stock Purchase
Plan) to purchase an aggregate of 3,832,932 Shares under the Company's stock
plans; and (iii) outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 165,000
Shares. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that the Company will
not, without the prior written consent of Parent, issue any additional Shares
(except on the exercise of outstanding options and other rights and securities).
Based on the foregoing, and after giving effect to the exercise of all
outstanding options and warrants, Purchaser believes that the Minimum Condition
would be satisfied if 10,697,338 Shares are validly tendered and not withdrawn
prior to the expiration of the Offer. If the Minimum Condition is satisfied and
Purchaser accepts for payment the Shares tendered pursuant to the offer,
Purchaser will be able to elect a majority of the members of the Company's Board
of Directors and to effect the Merger without the affirmative vote of any other
shareholder of the Company. See Section 11 -- "Background of the Offer; Purpose
of the Offer and the Merger; the Merger Agreement and Certain Other Agreements"
and Section 12 -- "Plans For the Company." As used in this Offer to Purchase,
"fully diluted basis" takes into account the conversion or exercise of all
outstanding options and other rights and securities exercisable or convertible
into Shares.

     As a condition and inducement to Parent and Purchaser entering into the
Merger Agreement and incurring the liabilities therein, certain shareholders of
the Company (each, a "Tendering Shareholder"), who hold voting and dispositive
power with respect to 3,780,835 Shares (representing approximately 22% of the
outstanding Shares), concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger
Agreement entered into Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements (the
"Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements"), dated October 23, 2002, with Parent
and Purchaser. Pursuant to the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements, the
Tendering Shareholders have agreed, among other things, to tender the Shares
held by them in the Offer, and to grant Parent a proxy with respect to the
voting of such Shares in favor of the Merger with respect to such Shares upon
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. The Board of
Directors of the Company has approved the Shareholder Tender and Voting
Agreements. See Section 11 -- "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and
the Merger; the Merger Agreement and Certain Other Agreements".

     THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY UNANIMOUSLY (I) HAS DETERMINED THAT
THE TERMS OF THE OFFER, THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO AND IN
THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, (II) HAS APPROVED AND
ADOPTED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY,
INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (III) RECOMMENDS THAT THE SHAREHOLDERS
OF THE COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

     Wachovia Securities, Inc. (previously First Union Securities, Inc.), the
Company's financial advisor ("Wachovia"), has delivered to the Company's Board
of Directors its written opinion (the "Fairness Opinion"), dated October 21,
2002, to the effect that, as of such date, the consideration to be received by
the holders of Shares pursuant to the Offer and under the terms of the Merger
Agreement, is fair from a financial point of view to such holders. Such opinion
is set forth in full as an exhibit to the Company's Solicitation/ Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (the "Schedule 14D-9") under the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which is being mailed to
shareholders of the Company with this Offer to Purchase. Shareholders are urged
to read the Schedule 14D-9 and such opinion carefully in their entirety.

     Consummation of the Merger is conditioned upon, among other things, the
approval and adoption by the requisite vote of shareholders of the Company of
the Merger Agreement, if required by applicable law in order to consummate the
Merger.

     If Purchaser obtains eighty percent (80%) or more of the outstanding Shares
in the Offer, Purchaser will effect the Merger pursuant to the short-form merger
provisions of the Florida Business Corporation Act ("FBCA") without obtaining
the approval of any other shareholder of the Company. See Section 14 -- "Certain
Legal Matters." If the Minimum Condition is satisfied, Purchaser would have
sufficient voting power to approve the Merger without the affirmative vote of
any other shareholder of the Company. The Company has agreed, if required, to
cause a meeting of its shareholders to be held following consummation of the
Offer for the purposes of considering and taking action upon the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement. Parent and Purchaser have agreed to vote the
Shares purchased in the Offer in favor of the approval and adoption of the
Merger Agreement. Under the FBCA, holders of the Shares do not have the right to
assert dissenters' rights as a result of the Offer or Merger. See Section
11 -- "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; the Merger
Agreement and Certain Other Agreements."

     THIS OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND SHOULD BE READ IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE ANY DECISION
IS MADE WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

                                   THE OFFER
1.  TERMS OF THE OFFER

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, Purchaser will
accept for payment and pay for all Shares validly tendered prior to the
Expiration Date and not theretofore withdrawn in accordance with Section
4 -- "Withdrawal Rights." The term "Expiration Date" shall mean 12:00 Midnight,
New York City time, on Friday, November 22, 2002, unless and until Purchaser, in
accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, shall have extended the
period of time for which the Offer is open, in which event the term "Expiration
Date" shall mean the latest time and date at which the Offer, as so extended by
Purchaser, shall expire.

     The Offer is conditioned upon, among other things, the satisfaction of the
Minimum Condition, and the expiration or termination of all waiting periods
imposed by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
and the regulations thereunder (the "HSR Act") and the other conditions set
forth in Section 13 -- "Certain Conditions of the Offer." If such conditions are
not satisfied prior to the Expiration Date, Purchaser reserves the right (but
shall not be obligated) to (i) decline to purchase any of the Shares tendered
and terminate the Offer, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (ii)
waive any of the conditions to the Offer, to the extent permitted by applicable
law and the provisions of the Merger Agreement, and, subject to complying with
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC"), purchase all Shares validly tendered, (iii) subject to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, extend the Offer or (iv) amend the Offer.

     Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser may, (i) extend the
period of time during which the Offer is open and thereby delay acceptance for
payment of, and the payment for, any Shares, by giving oral or written notice of
such extension to the Depositary and (ii) amend the Offer by giving oral or
written notice of such amendment to the Depositary. Any extension, amendment or
termination of the Offer will be followed as promptly as practicable by public
announcement thereof, the announcement in the case of an extension to be issued
no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the
previously scheduled Expiration Date in accordance with the public announcement
requirements of Rule 14d-4(d) under the Securities Exchange Act. Without
limiting the obligation of Purchaser under such Rule or the manner in which
Purchaser may choose to make any public announcement, Purchaser currently
intends to make announcements by issuing a press release to the Dow Jones News
Service.

     UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER PRICE TO BE PAID
BY PURCHASER FOR THE SHARES, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY
DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.

     The Merger Agreement provides that, except as described below, Purchaser
will not, without the prior written consent of the Company (i) decrease the
price per Share payable in the Offer, (ii) change the form of consideration
payable in the Offer, (iii) reduce the maximum number of Shares sought to be
purchased in the Offer, (iv) impose conditions to the Offer in addition to those
described in Section 13, (v) waive or change the Minimum Condition or make other
changes in the terms and conditions of the Offer that are in any manner adverse
to the holders of the Shares, or (vi) except as provided below, extend the Offer
beyond the date that is twenty (20) business days after the commencement of the
Offer (the "Initial Expiration Date"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser
may, without the consent of the Company (a) extend the Offer beyond the
scheduled Expiration Date, which initially shall be the Initial Expiration Date
if, as of such expiration, any of the Offer Conditions (as defined in the Merger
Agreement) shall not be satisfied or waived, (b) extend the Offer for any period
required by any rule, regulation or interpretation of the SEC, the staff thereof
or the Nasdaq National Market applicable to the Offer, (c) extend the Offer for
up to ten (10) business days if, as of the scheduled Expiration Date, there
shall not have been tendered at least eighty percent (80%) of the outstanding
Shares on a fully diluted basis and (d) provide a "Subsequent Offering Period"
in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under the Exchange Act.

     A Subsequent Offering Period would be an additional period of time from
three (3) to twenty (20) business days in length, following the expiration of
the Offer, during which shareholders may tender Shares for the Offer Price. Rule
14d-11 provides that Purchaser may include a Subsequent Offering Period so long
as, among other things, (i) the Offer remained open for a minimum of twenty (20)
business days and has

expired, (ii) Purchaser offers the same form and amount of consideration to
shareholders in both the initial and subsequent offering period, (iii) Purchaser
accepts and promptly pays for all Shares tendered during the Offer prior to the
Expiration Date, (iv) Purchaser announces the results of the Offer, including
the approximate number and percentage of Shares deposited in the Offer, no later
than 9:00 a.m. New York City time on the next business day after the Expiration
Date and immediately begins the Subsequent Offering Period, and (v) Purchaser
immediately accepts and promptly pays for Shares as they are tendered during the
Subsequent Offering Period.

     In a public release, the SEC has expressed the view that the inclusion of a
Subsequent Offering Period would constitute a material change to the terms of
the Offer requiring Purchaser to disseminate new information to shareholders in
a manner reasonably calculated to inform them of such change sufficiently in
advance of the Expiration Date (generally five (5) business days). The SEC,
however, has recently stated that such advance notice may not be required under
certain circumstances. In the event Purchaser elects to include a Subsequent
Offering Period, it will notify shareholders of the Company consistent with the
requirements of the SEC. Purchaser does not currently intend to include a
Subsequent Offering Period in the Offer, although it reserves the right to do so
in its sole discretion. Pursuant to Rule 14d-7 under the Exchange Act, no
withdrawal rights apply to Shares tendered during a Subsequent Offering Period,
and no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period with
respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. During a
Subsequent Offering Period, Purchaser will promptly purchase and pay for all
Shares tendered at the same price paid in the Offer. In addition, Purchaser may
increase the Offer Price and extend the Offer to the extent required by law in
connection with such increase, in each case in its sole discretion and without
Company's consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may, without the
consent of the Company, extend the Offer for any period required by any rule,
regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or the staff thereof
applicable to the Offer.

     If Purchaser extends the Offer, or if Purchaser (whether before or after
its acceptance for payment of Shares) is delayed in its purchase of or payment
for Shares or is unable to pay for Shares pursuant to the Offer for any reason,
then, without prejudice to Purchaser's rights under the Offer, the Depositary
may retain tendered Shares on behalf of Purchaser, and such Shares may not be
withdrawn except to the extent tendering shareholders are entitled to withdrawal
rights as described in Section 4 -- "Withdrawal Rights." However, the ability of
Purchaser to delay the payment for Shares which Purchaser has accepted for
payment is limited by Rule 14e-l(c) under the Exchange Act, which requires that
a bidder pay the consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or
on behalf of holders of securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal
of the Offer.

     If Purchaser makes a material change in the terms of the Offer or the
information concerning the Offer or waives a material condition of the Offer,
Purchaser will disseminate additional tender offer materials and extend the
Offer to the extent required by Rules 14d-4(d), 14d-6(c) and 14e-1 under the
Exchange Act. The minimum period during which the Offer must remain open
following material changes in the terms of the Offer or information concerning
the Offer, other than a change in price or a change in percentage of securities
sought, will depend upon the facts and circumstances then existing, including
the relative materiality of the changed terms or information. In the SEC's view,
an offer should remain open for a minimum of five (5) business days from the
date a material change is first published, sent or given to security holders and
that, if material changes are made with respect to information not materially
less significant than the offer price and the number of shares being sought, a
minimum of ten (10) business days may be required to allow adequate
dissemination and investor response. The requirement to extend the Offer will
not apply to the extent that the number of business days remaining between the
occurrence of the change and the then-scheduled Expiration Date equals or
exceeds the minimum extension period that would be required because of such
amendment. As used in this Offer to Purchase, "business day" has the meaning set
forth in Rule 14d-1 under the Exchange Act.

     PURSUANT TO RULE 14D-7 UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT, NO WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS APPLY
DURING THE SUBSEQUENT OFFERING PERIOD. FURTHERMORE, THE SAME CONSIDERATION, THE
OFFER PRICE, WILL BE PAID TO SHAREHOLDERS TENDERING SHARES IN THE OFFER OR IN A
SUBSEQUENT OFFERING PERIOD, IF ONE IS INCLUDED.

     The Company has provided Purchaser with the Company's shareholder lists and
security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer to holders
of Shares. This Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of Transmittal will be
mailed by Purchaser to record holders of Shares and will be furnished by
Purchaser to brokers, dealers, banks and similar persons whose names, or the
names of whose nominees, appear on the shareholder lists or, if applicable, who
are listed as participants in a clearing agency's security position listing, for
subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares.

2.  ACCEPTANCE FOR PAYMENT AND PAYMENT FOR SHARES

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension
or amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment and will pay, promptly after
the Expiration Date, for all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration
Date and not properly withdrawn in accordance with Section 4 -- "Withdrawal
Rights". All determinations concerning the satisfaction of such terms and
conditions will be within Purchaser's discretion, which determinations will be
final and binding. See Sections 1 -- "Terms of the Offer" and 13 -- "Certain
Conditions of the Offer." Subject to the Merger Agreement and compliance with
Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act (relating to a bidder's obligation to pay
the consideration offered or return the securities deposited by or on behalf of
holders of securities promptly after the termination or withdrawal of such
bidder's offer), Purchaser expressly reserves the right to delay acceptance for
payment for Shares in order to comply with any applicable law, including,
without limitation, the HSR Act. See Section 14 -- "Certain Legal Matters."

     In all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer
will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates for
such Shares (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation (as defined below) with respect
thereto), (ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly
completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or, in the
case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined below), and (iii)
any other documents required by the Letter of Transmittal. The per Share
consideration paid to any holder of Common Stock pursuant to the Offer will be
the highest per Share consideration paid to any other holder of such Shares
pursuant to the Offer.

     For purposes of the Offer, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted for
payment, and thereby purchased, Shares properly tendered to Purchaser and not
withdrawn as, if and when Purchaser gives oral or written notice to the
Depositary of Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such Shares pursuant to the
Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, payment for
Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be made by deposit of the
purchase price therefor with the Depositary, which will act as agent for
tendering shareholders for the purpose of receiving payment from Purchaser and
transmitting payment to tendering shareholders.

     If Purchaser is delayed in its acceptance for payment of, or payment for,
Shares or is unable to accept for payment or pay for Shares pursuant to the
Offer for any reason, then, without prejudice to Purchaser's rights under the
Offer (including such rights as are set forth in Sections 1 -- "Terms of the
Offer" and 13 -- "Certain Conditions of the Offer") (but subject to compliance
with Rule 14e-1(c) under the Exchange Act), the Depositary may, nevertheless, on
behalf of Purchaser, retain tendered Shares, and such Shares may not be
withdrawn except to the extent tendering shareholders are entitled to exercise,
and duly exercise, withdrawal rights as described in Section 4 -- "Withdrawal
Rights."

     UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER PRICE TO BE PAID
BY PURCHASER FOR THE SHARES, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY
DELAY IN MAKING SUCH PAYMENT.

     If any tendered Shares are not purchased pursuant to the Offer for any
reason, certificates for any such Shares will be returned, without expense to
the tendering shareholder (or, in the case of Shares delivered by book-entry
transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer
Facility (as defined below) pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section
3 -- "Procedures for Tendering Shares" such Shares will be credited to an
account maintained at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility), as promptly as
practicable after the expiration or termination of the Offer.

     Purchaser reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole or in part, to
Parent or to any affiliate of Parent, the right to purchase Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer, but any such transfer or assignment will not relieve
Purchaser of its obligations under the Offer and will in no way prejudice the
rights of tendering shareholders to receive payment for Shares validly tendered
and accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer.

3.  PROCEDURE FOR TENDERING SHARES

     Valid Tender.  For a shareholder to validly tender Shares pursuant to the
Offer, either (i) a properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal
(or facsimile thereof), together with any required signature guarantees, or in
the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message (as defined below), and
any other required documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the
Expiration Date, except with respect to any Subsequent Offering Period, and
either certificates for tendered Shares must be received by the Depositary at
one of such addresses or such Shares must be delivered pursuant to the
procedures for book-entry transfer set forth below (and a Book-Entry
Confirmation (as defined below) received by the Depositary), in each case, prior
to the Expiration Date or (ii) the tendering shareholder must comply with the
guaranteed delivery procedures set forth below.

     Book-Entry Transfer.  The Depositary will establish an account with respect
to the Shares at The Depository Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer
Facility") for purposes of the Offer within two (2) business days after the date
of this Offer to Purchase. Any financial institution that is a participant in
the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's systems may make book-entry delivery of
Shares by causing the Book-Entry Transfer Facility to transfer such Shares into
the Depositary's account in accordance with the Book-Entry Transfer Facility's
procedure for such transfer. However, although delivery of Shares may be
effected through book-entry transfer into the Depositary's account at the
Book-Entry Transfer Facility, the Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof),
properly completed and duly executed, with any required signature guarantees, or
an Agent's Message (as defined below), and any other required documents must, in
any case, be transmitted to, and received by, the Depositary at one of its
addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase prior to the
Expiration Date (except with respect to any Subsequent Offering Period, if one
is provided), or the tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed
delivery procedures described below. The confirmation of a book-entry transfer
of Shares into the Depositary's account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility as
described above is referred to herein as a "Book-Entry Confirmation."

     The term "Agent's Message" means a message transmitted by the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to, and received by, the Depositary and forming a part of a
Book-Entry Confirmation, which states that such Book-Entry Transfer Facility has
received an express acknowledgment from the participant in the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility tendering the Shares that such participant has received and
agrees to be bound by the terms of the Letter of Transmittal and that Purchaser
may enforce such agreement against the participant. For Shares to be validly
tendered during any Subsequent Offering Period, the tendering shareholder must
comply with the foregoing procedures except that the required documents and
certificates must be received during the Subsequent Offering Period.

     THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF SHARES, THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND ALL OTHER
REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY,
IS AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING SHAREHOLDER. DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS
TO THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
FACILITY'S PROCEDURES DOES NOT CONSTITUTE DELIVERY TO THE DEPOSITARY. SHARES
WILL BE DEEMED DELIVERED ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY
(INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY CONFIRMATION).
IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED, PROPERLY
INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO
ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

     Signature Guarantees.  No signature guarantee is required on the Letter of
Transmittal (i) if the Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered
holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this Section 3, includes any participant
in the Book Entry Transfer Facility's systems whose name appears on a security
position listing as the owner of the Shares) of Shares tendered therewith and
such registered holder has not completed either the box entitled "Special
Delivery Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" on the
Letter of Transmittal or (ii) if such Shares are tendered for the account of a
financial institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan
associations and brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security
Transfer Agent's Medallion Program, or by any other "eligible guarantor
institution," as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act
(each, an "Eligible Institution" and, collectively, "Eligible Institutions"). In
all other cases, all signatures on Letters of Transmittal must be guaranteed by
an Eligible Institution. See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal.
If the certificates for Shares are registered in the name of a person other than
the signer of the Letter of Transmittal, or if payment is to be made, or
certificates for Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be
returned, to a person other than the registered holder of the certificates
surrendered, then the tendered certificates for such Shares must be endorsed or
accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case, signed exactly as the
name or names of the registered holders or owners appear on the certificates,
with the signatures on the certificates or stock powers guaranteed as aforesaid.
See Instructions 1 and 5 to the Letter of Transmittal.

     Guaranteed Delivery.  If a shareholder desires to tender Shares pursuant to
the Offer and such shareholder's certificates for Shares are not immediately
available or the procedures for book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a
timely basis or time will not permit all required documents to reach the
Depositary prior to the Expiration Date, such shareholder's tender may be
effected if all the following conditions are met:

          (i)  such tender is made by or through an Eligible Institution;

          (ii)  a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed
     Delivery, substantially in the form provided by Purchaser, is received by
     the Depositary, as provided below, prior to the Expiration Date; and

          (iii)  the certificates for (or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect
     to) such Shares, together with a properly completed and duly executed
     Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), with any required signature
     guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message,
     and any other required documents are received by the Depositary within
     three trading days after the date of execution of such Notice of Guaranteed
     Delivery. A "trading day" is any day on which the National Association of
     Security Dealers Automated Quotation System, Inc. (the "Nasdaq") is open
     for business.

     The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand to the
Depositary or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the
Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form
set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery made available by Purchaser.

     Other Requirements.  Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, payment
for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will in all cases be made
only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates for (or a timely
Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to) such Shares, (ii) a Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with
any required signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an
Agent's Message, and (iii) any other documents required by the Letter of
Transmittal. Accordingly, tendering shareholders may be paid at different times
depending upon when certificates for Shares or Book-Entry Confirmations with
respect to Shares are actually received by the Depositary. UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES WILL INTEREST BE PAID ON THE OFFER PRICE TO BE PAID BY PURCHASER
FOR THE SHARES, REGARDLESS OF ANY EXTENSION OF THE OFFER OR ANY DELAY IN MAKING
SUCH PAYMENT.

     Appointment.  By executing the Letter of Transmittal as set forth above,
the tendering shareholder will irrevocably appoint designees of Purchaser, and
each of them, as such shareholder's attorneys-in-fact and proxies in the manner
set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, each with full power of substitution, to
the full extent of such shareholder's rights with respect to the Shares tendered
by such shareholder and accepted for payment by Purchaser and with respect to
any and all other Shares or other securities or rights issued or

issuable in respect of such Shares. All such proxies will be considered coupled
with an interest in the tendered Shares. Such appointment will be effective
when, and only to the extent that, Purchaser accepts for payment Shares tendered
by such shareholder as provided herein. Upon such appointment, all prior powers
of attorney, proxies and consents given by such shareholder with respect to such
Shares or other securities or rights will, without further action, be revoked
and no subsequent powers of attorney, proxies, consents or revocations may be
given by such shareholder (and, if given, will not be deemed effective). The
designees of Purchaser will thereby be empowered to exercise all voting and
other rights with respect to such Shares and other securities or rights,
including, without limitation, in respect of any annual, special or adjourned
meeting of the Company's shareholders, actions by written consent in lieu of any
such meeting or otherwise, as they in their sole discretion deem proper.
Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for Shares to be deemed
validly tendered, immediately upon Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such
Shares, Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting, consent and other rights
with respect to such Shares and other related securities or rights, including
voting at any meeting of shareholders.

     Determination of Validity.  All questions as to the validity, form,
eligibility (including time of receipt) and acceptance of any tender of Shares
will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion, which determination
will be final and binding. Purchaser reserves the absolute right to reject any
or all tenders of any Shares determined by it not to be in proper form or the
acceptance for payment of, or payment for, which may, in the opinion of
Purchaser's counsel, be unlawful. Purchaser also reserves the absolute right, in
its sole discretion, subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement, to waive
any of the conditions of the Offer or any defect or irregularity in the tender
of any Shares of any particular shareholder, whether or not similar defects or
irregularities are waived in the case of other shareholders. No tender of Shares
will be deemed to have been validly made until all defects or irregularities
relating thereto have been cured or waived. None of Purchaser, Parent, the
Depositary, the Information Agent, the Dealer Manager or any other person will
be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in
tenders or incur any liability for failure to give any such notification.
Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser's interpretation of the
terms and conditions of the Offer (including the Letter of Transmittal and the
instructions thereto) will be final and binding.

     Backup Withholding.  To prevent backup withholding with respect to payment
of the purchase price of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, a tendering
registered holder, or his assignee (in either case, the "Payee"), must provide
the Depository with such shareholder's correct taxpayer identification number
("TIN") and certify that such shareholder is not subject to backup withholding
by completing and signing the Substitute Form W-9 provided in the Letter of
Transmittal. If backup withholding applies with respect to a shareholder, the
Depository is required to withhold and deposit with the Internal Revenue Service
30%, or other applicable withholding percentage, of any payments made to such
shareholder. Certain shareholders (including, among others, all corporations and
certain foreign individuals and entities) are not subject to backup withholding.
In order for a foreign shareholder to qualify as an exempt recipient, the
shareholder must submit a Form W-8BEN, signed under penalties of perjury,
attesting to the shareholder's exempt status. See Instruction 9 of the Letter of
Transmittal

4.  WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS

     Except as otherwise provided in this Section 4, tenders of Shares pursuant
to the Offer are irrevocable. Except as provided in this Offer to Purchase with
respect to a Subsequent Offering Period, Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer
may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures set forth below at any time prior to
the Expiration Date and, unless theretofore accepted for payment and paid for by
Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may also be withdrawn at any time after
December 26, 2002.

     For a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile
transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at
one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of this Offer to Purchase and
must specify the name of the person having tendered the Shares to be withdrawn,
the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of
the Shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who
tendered the Shares. If certificates for Shares have been delivered or otherwise
identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of such
certificates, the serial numbers shown on

such certificates must be submitted to the Depositary and, unless such Shares
have been tendered by an Eligible Institution, the signatures on the notice of
withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If Shares have been
delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer as set forth in
Section 3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares", any notice of withdrawal must
also specify the name and number of the account at the appropriate Book-Entry
Transfer Facility to be credited with the withdrawn Shares and otherwise comply
with such Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures. Withdrawals of tenders of
Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly withdrawn will thereafter
be deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the Offer. However, withdrawn
Shares may be retendered by again following one of the procedures described in
Section 3 -- "Procedure for Tendering Shares" any time prior to the Expiration
Date or during any Subsequent Offering Period.

     No withdrawal rights will apply to Shares tendered in a Subsequent Offering
Period under Rule 14d-11 of the Exchange Act, and no withdrawal rights apply
during a Subsequent Offering Period under Rule 14d-11 with respect to Shares
tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. See Section 1 -- "Terms of the
Offer."

     All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt) of
notices of withdrawal will be determined by Purchaser, in its sole discretion,
which determination will be final and binding. None of Purchaser, Parent, the
Depositary, the Information Agent, the Dealer Manager or any other person will
be under any duty to give notification of any defects or irregularities in any
notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to give any such
notification.

5.  CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The following is a general summary of certain United States federal income
tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger relevant to a beneficial holder of
Shares whose Shares are sold for cash pursuant to the Offer or converted into
the right to receive cash in the Merger (a "Holder"). This discussion is for
general informational purposes only and does not address all aspects of United
States federal income taxation that may be relevant to particular Holders of
Shares in light of their specific investment or tax circumstances. The
discussion is based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the "Code"), Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, and
administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as in effect as of the
date hereof and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive
effect. This discussion applies only to Holders who hold Shares as "capital
assets" within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code and may not apply to
Holders who acquired their Shares pursuant to the exercise of employee stock
options or otherwise as compensation. In addition, this discussion does not
apply to certain types of Holders subject to special tax rules including, but
not limited to, insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial
institutions, broker dealers and persons who hold their Shares as a part of
"straddle," "hedge," "conversion transaction," "synthetic security" or other
integrated investment. The tax consequences of the Offer and the Merger to
Holders who hold their Shares through a partnership or other pass-through entity
generally will depend upon such Holder's status for United States federal income
tax purposes. This discussion does not address the United States federal income
tax consequences to a Holder that, for United States federal income tax
purposes, is: (i) an individual who is not a U.S. resident or citizen, (ii) a
foreign corporation, (iii) a foreign partnership, or (iv) a foreign estate or
trust, nor does it consider the effect of any state, local or foreign income tax
or other tax laws. EACH HOLDER IS URGED TO CONSULT SUCH HOLDER'S TAX ADVISOR
REGARDING THE SPECIFIC UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME
AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER IN LIGHT OF SUCH HOLDER'S
SPECIFIC TAX SITUATION.

     The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will be
a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and may also
be a taxable transaction under state, local, or foreign tax laws. In general, a
Holder who receives cash in exchange for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the
Merger will recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes
equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received by the
Holders and the Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Shares sold pursuant to the
Offer or surrendered for cash pursuant to the Merger. Gain or loss will be
determined separately for each block of Shares (i.e., Shares acquired at the
same cost in a single transaction) sold for cash pursuant to the Offer or
surrendered for cash pursuant to the Merger. Such gain or loss will generally be
capital gain or loss

and will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if such Shares have been
held for more than one year at the time of the consummation of the Offer or the
Merger, as the case may be. Certain limitations may apply to the use of capital
losses.

6.  PRICE RANGE OF THE SHARES; DIVIDENDS ON THE SHARES

     The Shares are traded through the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"PVAT". The following table sets forth, for each of the calendar quarters
indicated, the high and low reported sales price per Share on the Nasdaq
National Market based on published financial sources.

                                                              HIGH     LOW
                                                              -----   -----

  Fourth Quarter............................................  $2.94   $1.50

  First Quarter.............................................  $2.06   $1.58
  Second Quarter............................................  $1.95   $1.51
  Third Quarter.............................................  $2.37   $1.12
  Fourth Quarter............................................  $3.15   $1.84

  First Quarter.............................................  $3.55   $2.28
  Second Quarter............................................  $4.36   $2.92
  Third Quarter.............................................  $3.75   $2.20
  Fourth Quarter (through October 23).......................  $3.62   $3.06

     On October 23, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the execution of the Merger Agreement, the last reported sales
price of the Shares on the Nasdaq National Market was $3.60 per Share. On
October 25, 2002, the last full trading day prior to the commencement of the
Offer, the last reported sales price of the Shares on the Nasdaq National Market
was $4.69 per Share. Shareholders are urged to obtain a current market quotation
for the Shares.

     Dividends on the Shares.  The Company did not declare or pay any cash
dividends during the past two years. In addition, under the terms of the Merger
Agreement, the Company is not permitted to declare or pay dividends with respect
to the Shares without the prior written consent of Parent.

7.  EFFECT OF THE OFFER ON THE MARKET FOR THE SHARES; STOCK LISTING; EXCHANGE
    ACT REGISTRATION; MARGIN REGULATIONS

     Market for the Shares.  The purchase of Shares by Purchaser pursuant to the
Offer will reduce the number of Shares that might otherwise trade publicly and
could adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the remaining Shares
held by the public. The purchase of Shares pursuant to the Offer can also be
expected to reduce the number of holders of Shares.

     Stock Listing.  The Shares are traded through the Nasdaq National Market.
Depending upon the number of Shares purchased pursuant to the Offer, the Shares
may no longer meet the requirements of the National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. (the "NASD") for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq National
Market, which requires that an issuer either (i) have at least 750,000 publicly
held shares, held by at least 400 round-lot shareholders, with a market value of
at least $5,000,000, stockholders equity of $10,000,000 calculated pursuant to
SEC Regulation S-X (which excludes from the calculation any preferred stock with
a redemption feature), have two market makers for the shares, and have a minimum
bid price of $1 or (ii) have at least 1,100,000 publicly held shares, held by at
least 400 round-lot shareholders, with a market value of at least $15,000,000,
have four market makers for the shares, and have a minimum bid price of $3 and
have either (A) a market capitalization of at least $50,000,000 or (B) total
assets and revenues each of at least $50,000,000.

     If the Nasdaq National Market and the Nasdaq Smallcap Market were to cease
to publish quotations for the Shares, it is possible that the Shares would
continue to trade in the over-the-counter market and that price or other
quotations would be reported by other sources. The extent of the public market
for such Shares and the availability of such quotations would depend, however,
upon such factors as the number of shareholders and/or the aggregate market
value of such securities remaining at such time, the interest in maintaining a
market in the Shares on the part of securities firms, the possible termination
of registration under the Exchange Act as described below, and other factors.
Purchaser cannot predict whether the reduction in the number of Shares that
might otherwise trade publicly would have an adverse or beneficial effect on the
market price for, or marketability of, the Shares or whether it would cause
future market prices to be greater or lesser than the Offer Price.

     Exchange Act Registration.  The Shares are currently registered under the
Exchange Act. Registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act may be
terminated upon application of the Company to the SEC if the Shares are neither
listed on a national securities exchange nor held by 300 or more holders of
record. Termination of registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act,
assuming there are no other securities of the Company subject to registration,
would substantially reduce the information required to be furnished by the
Company to its shareholders and to the SEC and would make certain provisions of
the Exchange Act, such as the short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section
16(b), the requirement of furnishing a proxy statement pursuant to Section 14(a)
in connection with shareholders' meetings and the related requirement of
furnishing an annual report to shareholders and the requirements of Rule 13e-3
under the Exchange Act with respect to "going private" transactions, no longer
applicable to the Company. Furthermore, the ability of "affiliates" of the
Company and persons holding "restricted securities" of the Company to dispose of
such securities pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 144A promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be impaired or eliminated.

     Purchaser may seek to cause the Company to apply for termination of
registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act as soon after the completion
of the Offer as the requirements for such termination are met. If the Nasdaq
National Market listing and the Exchange Act registration of the Shares are not
terminated prior to the Merger, then the Shares will be delisted from the Nasdaq
National Market and the registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act will
be terminated following the consummation of the Merger.

     Margin Regulations.  The Shares currently are "margin securities" under the
regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
"Federal Reserve Board"), which status has the effect, among other things, of
allowing brokers to extend credit on the collateral of such securities.
Depending upon factors similar to those described above regarding listing and
market quotations, it is possible that, following the Offer, the Shares would no
longer constitute "margin securities" for the purposes of the margin regulations
of the Federal Reserve Board and therefore could no longer be used as collateral
for loans made by brokers. If registration of the Shares under the Exchange Act
were terminated, the Shares would no longer be "margin securities."

8.  CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY

     The information concerning the Company contained in this Offer to Purchase,
including that set forth below under the caption "Selected Financial
Information," has been furnished by the Company or has been taken from or based
upon publicly available documents and records on file with the SEC and other
public sources. Neither Parent nor Purchaser assumes responsibility for the
accuracy or completeness of the information concerning the Company contained in
such documents and records or for any failure by the Company to disclose events
which may have occurred or may affect the significance or accuracy of any such
information but which are unknown to Parent or Purchaser.

     The Company is a Florida corporation with its principal executive offices
at 89 Headquarters Plaza North, Suite 1421, Morristown, New Jersey 07960. The
telephone number of the Company at such offices is (973) 631-6190. The Company
serves the defense and national security industry with a range of electronic
commercial off-the-shelf products engineered to meet applications within
aircraft support, command and control, communications, radar and signal
intelligence. The Company also offers software design, integration

services and customization services to modify its standard products to the
specific needs of end users. The Company operates its business through its five
wholly owned subsidiaries, Paravant Computer Systems, Inc., Engineering
Development Laboratories, Incorporated, STL of Ohio, Inc., Tri-Plex Systems
Corporation and Catalina Systems Research, Inc.

     Selected Financial Information.  Set forth below is certain selected
consolidated financial information with respect to the Company, excerpted or
derived from the Company's Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal years
ended September 30, 2001 and September 30, 2000, and the Company's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the nine-months ended June 30, 2002. More comprehensive
financial information is included in such reports and in other documents filed
by the Company with the SEC. The following summary is qualified in its entirety
by reference to such reports and other documents and all of the financial
information (including any related notes) contained therein. Such reports and
other documents may be inspected and copies may be obtained from the SEC in the
manner set forth below.

                                 PARAVANT INC.
                  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                                                    NINE MONTHS
                                                  ENDED JUNE 30,      FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                 -----------------   ---------------------------------
                                                       2002            2001        2000        1999
                                                 -----------------   ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                   (IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

OPERATING DATA:
  Revenues.....................................       $40,063         $51,839     $40,410     $42,279
  Operating income.............................         4,350           3,374       3,387      10,237
  Net earnings.................................         2,139             445       1,584       5,886
  Basic net earnings per share.................           .12             .03         .09         .42
BALANCE SHEET DATA (AT END OF PERIOD):
  Total assets.................................       $59,740         $61,875     $67,520     $42,973
  Total liabilities............................        24,784          29,387      35,196      10,771
  Shareholders' equity.........................        34,956          32,488      32,324      32,202

     Based on the Company's preliminary results, the Company's revenues for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2002 were approximately $62.1 million, its
income from operations was approximately $8.3 million, its net earnings was
approximately $4.4 million and its basic and fully diluted earnings per Share
were approximately $0.26 and $0.25, respectively. These preliminary results have
been prepared by the Company's management and are subject to audit.

     Certain Company Projections.  Prior to entering into the Merger Agreement,
representatives of Parent conducted a due diligence review of the Company, and
in connection with such review received certain projections of the Company's
future operating performance. Parent analyzed the information in the
projections, certain publicly available information and additional information
obtained in Parent's due diligence review of the Company, along with Parent's
own estimates of potential cost savings and benefits and its own estimates with
respect to certain of the Company's programs. The projections provided to Parent
by the Company in connection with a possible acquisition of the Company in May
2002 included, among other things, the following forecasts of the Company's
revenues and earnings before interest and taxes (adjusted for cost savings
expected to be realized from the elimination of corporate headquarters expenses)
(in millions): $58.7 and $8.8 in fiscal 2002; $72.1 and $11.3 in fiscal 2003;
$95.5 and $15.9 in fiscal 2004; and $122.7 and $21.4 in fiscal 2005. The
financial projections in the Company's recently prepared fiscal 2003 strategic
plans, provided to Parent by the Company in September 2002 in connection with
the discussions concerning the Offer and the Merger, included, among other
things, the following forecasts of the Company's revenues and unadjusted
earnings before interest and taxes (in millions): $70.0 and $8.0 in fiscal 2003;
$79.9 and $9.6 in fiscal 2004; and $94.4 and $12.0 in fiscal 2005. Both sets of
financial projections are based on numerous

assumptions including assumptions concerning anticipated expansion of existing
contracts, new product introductions, new contracts and other growth
opportunities.

     THE PROJECTIONS WERE NOT PREPARED WITH A VIEW TO PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OR
COMPLIANCE WITH PUBLISHED GUIDELINES OF THE SEC OR THE GUIDELINES ESTABLISHED BY
THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS REGARDING PROJECTIONS OR
FORECASTS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS (AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN THE
PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995) ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS
AND UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE
PROJECTIONS. THE COMPANY HAS ADVISED PURCHASER AND PARENT THAT ITS INTERNAL
FINANCIAL FORECASTS (UPON WHICH THE PROJECTIONS PROVIDED TO PARENT WERE BASED IN
PART) ARE, IN GENERAL, PREPARED SOLELY FOR INTERNAL USE AND CAPITAL BUDGETING
AND OTHER MANAGEMENT DECISIONS, AND ARE SUBJECTIVE IN MANY RESPECTS AND THUS
SUSCEPTIBLE TO INTERPRETATIONS AND PERIODIC REVISION BASED ON ACTUAL EXPERIENCE
AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS. THE PROJECTIONS ALSO REFLECT NUMEROUS ASSUMPTIONS
(NOT ALL OF WHICH WERE PROVIDED TO PARENT), ALL MADE BY MANAGEMENT OF THE
COMPANY, WITH RESPECT TO INDUSTRY PERFORMANCE, GENERAL BUSINESS, ECONOMIC,
MARKET AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND OTHER MATTERS, INCLUDING EFFECTIVE TAX RATES
CONSISTENT WITH HISTORICAL LEVELS FOR THE COMPANY, ALL OF WHICH ARE DIFFICULT TO
PREDICT, MANY OF WHICH ARE BEYOND THE COMPANY'S CONTROL AND NONE OF WHICH WERE
SUBJECT TO APPROVAL BY PARENT OR PURCHASER. ACCORDINGLY, THERE CAN BE NO
ASSURANCE THAT THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE IN PREPARING THE PROJECTIONS WILL PROVE
ACCURATE, AND ACTUAL RESULTS MAY BE MATERIALLY GREATER OR LESS THAN THOSE
CONTAINED IN THE PROJECTIONS. THE INCLUSION OF THE PROJECTIONS HEREIN SHOULD NOT
BE REGARDED AS AN INDICATION THAT ANY OF PARENT, PURCHASER, THE COMPANY OR THEIR
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES CONSIDERED OR CONSIDER THE PROJECTIONS
TO BE A RELIABLE PREDICTION OF FUTURE EVENTS, AND THE PROJECTIONS SHOULD NOT BE
RELIED UPON AS SUCH. NONE OF PARENT, PURCHASER, THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THEIR
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES HAS MADE, OR MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION
TO ANY PERSON REGARDING THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE PROJECTIONS AND NONE OF
THEM INTENDS TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE PROJECTIONS TO REFLECT
CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AFTER THE DATE WHEN MADE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF
FUTURE EVENTS EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING
THE PROJECTIONS ARE SHOWN TO BE IN ERROR. IT IS EXPECTED THAT THERE WILL BE
DIFFERENCES BETWEEN ACTUAL AND PROJECTED RESULTS, AND ACTUAL RESULTS MAY BE
MATERIALLY HIGHER OR LOWER THAN THOSE PROJECTED.

     Available Information.  The Company is subject to the informational filing
requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, is obligated to
file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to
its business, financial condition and other matters. Information as of
particular dates concerning the Company's directors and officers, their
remuneration, options granted to them, the principal holders of the Company's
securities and any material interests of such persons in transactions with the
Company is required to be disclosed in proxy statements distributed to the
Company's shareholders and filed with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements
and other information should be available for inspection at the public reference
facilities of the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, and at
the regional offices of the SEC located at 233 Broadway, New York, New York
10279 and Citicorp Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago,
Illinois 60661. Copies of such information should be obtainable by mail, upon
payment of the SEC's customary charges, by writing to the SEC's principal office
at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The SEC also maintains a
website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information relating to the Company that have been filed via

the EDGAR System. Such material should also be available for inspection at the
offices of the Nasdaq National Market, located at 20 Broad Street, New York, New
York 10005.

9.  CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARENT AND PURCHASER

     Parent and Purchaser.  Parent is a Delaware corporation with its principal
executive offices at 5 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, New Jersey 07054. The telephone
number of Parent at such offices is (973) 898-1500. Parent is a leading supplier
of defense electronics products and systems. Parent provides high-technology
services to all branches of the U.S. military, major aerospace and defense prime
contractors, government intelligence agencies, international military forces and
industrial markets. Parent is a leading provider of thermal imaging devices,
combat display workstations, electronic sensor systems, ruggedized computers,
mission recorders and deployable flight incident recorders.

     Purchaser is a Florida corporation newly formed at the discretion of Parent
for the purpose of effecting the Offer and the Merger. Parent owns, directly,
all of the outstanding capital stock of Purchaser. It is not anticipated that,
prior to the consummation of the Offer, Purchaser will have any significant
assets or liabilities or will engage in any activities other than those incident
to the Offer and the Merger and the financing thereof. The offices of Purchaser
are located at 5 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, New Jersey 07054.

     The name, citizenship, business address, present principal occupation or
employment and five-year employment history of each of the directors and
executive officers of Purchaser and Parent are set forth in Schedule I hereto.

     Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase or Schedule I to this Offer
to Purchase, (a) none of Purchaser, Parent or, to the best knowledge of
Purchaser or Parent, any of the persons listed on Schedule I, or any associate
or majority-owned subsidiary of any of the foregoing, beneficially owns or has a
right to acquire any Shares or any other equity securities of the Company; and
(b) none of Purchaser, Parent, or, to the best knowledge of Purchaser or Parent,
any of the persons or entities referred to above, nor any of the respective
executive officers, directors or subsidiaries of any of the foregoing, has
effected any transaction in Shares or any other equity securities of the Company
during the past 60 days.

     Except as provided by the Merger Agreement or as set forth in this Offer to
Purchase, none of Purchaser, Parent or, to the best knowledge of Purchaser and
Parent, any of the persons listed on Schedule I, has any contract, arrangement,
understanding or relationship with any other person with respect to any
securities of the Company (including, but not limited to, any contract,
arrangement, understanding or relationship concerning the transfer or the voting
of any securities of the Company, joint ventures, loan or option arrangements,
puts or calls, guarantees of loans, guarantees against loss, or the giving or
withholding of proxies).

     Except as set forth in this Offer to Purchase, none of Purchaser, Parent or
any of their respective affiliates, or, to the best knowledge of Purchaser and
Parent, any of the persons listed on Schedule I, has had, any business
relationships or transactions with the Company or any of its executive officers,
directors or affiliates that would require reporting under the rules and
regulations of the SEC applicable to the Offer. Except as set forth in this
Offer to Purchase, during the past two years there have been no contacts,
negotiations or transactions between Purchaser or Parent, any of their
respective affiliates or, to the best knowledge of Purchaser or Parent, any of
the persons listed on Schedule I, and the Company or its affiliates concerning a
merger, consolidation or acquisition, tender offer or other acquisition of
securities, election of directors or a sale or other transfer of a material
amount of assets. None of the persons listed on Schedule I has, during the past
five years, been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations or similar misdemeanors). None of the persons listed in Schedule I
has, during the past five years, been a party to any judicial or administrative
proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or
settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the
person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal
or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state
securities laws.

     Available Information.  Pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange Act,
Parent and Purchaser filed with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO
(together with any amendments, supplements,

schedules, annexes and exhibits thereto, the "Schedule TO"), of which this Offer
to Purchase forms a part. Additionally, Parent is subject to the information and
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and is required to file periodic
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC relating to its
business, financial condition and other matters. Certain information, as of
particular dates, concerning Parent's business, principal physical properties,
capital structure, material pending legal proceedings, operating results,
financial condition, directors and officers (including their remuneration and
stock options granted to them), the principal holders of Parent's securities,
any material interests of such persons in transactions with Parent and certain
other matters is required to be disclosed in proxy statements and annual reports
distributed to Parent's shareholders and filed with the SEC. The Schedule TO and
the exhibits thereto, as well as these other reports, proxy statements and other
information, may be inspected and copied at the SEC's public reference
facilities in the same manner as set forth above with respect to the Company in
Section 8 -- "Certain Information Concerning the Company."

10.  SOURCE AND AMOUNT OF FUNDS

     The Offer is not conditioned upon any financing arrangements. The total
amount of funds required by Purchaser to consummate the Offer and the Merger,
and expected to be incurred by Parent, is estimated to be approximately $92
million plus any related transaction fees and expenses. Purchaser will acquire
all such funds from Parent, which intends to obtain funds from generally
available corporate funds, as well as in accordance with the terms of a Credit
Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2001 (the "Credit Agreement"), by and among
Parent as borrower, the lenders referred to therein, Wachovia Bank, N.A.
(formerly known as First Union National Bank) as administrative agent (the
"Administrative Agent"), TD Securities (USA) Inc. as syndication agent and
Mellon Bank, N.A. as documentation agent, as amended. Pursuant to the Credit
Agreement, the lenders therein have made available to Parent a $240,000,000
credit facility, consisting of a $100,000,000 revolving credit commitment and a
$140,000,000 term loan commitment. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the
consummation by Purchaser of the Offer and the Merger would not be permitted
unless, among other things, the approval of a majority of the lenders thereunder
is first obtained. On October 27, 2002, Parent entered into a Commitment Letter
(the "Commitment Letter") with the Administrative Agent and certain of its
affiliates, including Wachovia Securities, Inc., pursuant to which such parties
have agreed (i) to seek a waiver of, or an amendment to, the provisions in the
Credit Agreement that prohibit the consummation of the Offer and the Merger by
Purchaser or (ii) alternatively, to enter into a replacement credit facility
(the "Replacement Facility") which would permit the consummation of the Offer
and the Merger by Purchaser.

     The Credit Agreement contains representations and warranties, conditions
precedent, covenants, events of default and other provisions generally found in
similar agreements. In particular, the revolving loan component of the credit
facility has a termination date of the earliest of (a) September 30, 2006, (b)
such date chosen by Parent in accordance with the provisions of the Credit
Agreement concerning permanent reduction of the revolving credit commitment or
(c) such date chosen by the Administrative Agent in accordance with its remedies
under the Credit Agreement. The term loan component of the credit facility has a
maturity date of the first to occur of (a) September 30, 2008 or (b) the date of
termination set by the Administrative Agent in accordance with its remedies
under the Credit Agreement. Parent has the ability to choose between (i) a base
rate consisting of Wachovia, N.A.'s prime rate or the Federal Funds Rate (as
defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 1/2 of 1%, or (ii) a standard LIBOR Rate
(as defined in the Credit Agreement), plus the respective applicable margin
provided for (i) and (ii) within the Credit Agreement. This credit facility is
secured by all of the personal property, books and records and proceeds of
Parent and certain of its subsidiaries.

     The Replacement Facility, as contemplated by the Commitment Letter,
contains material terms substantially similar to the existing Credit Agreement;
provided, however, the Replacement Facility would permit the consummation of the
Offer and the Merger and would increase the term loan commitment up to
$213,600,000.

     Parent intends to repay any amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement or
the Replacement Facility through internally generated free cash flows or through
a refinancing.

     In the event that Parent is unable to borrow sufficient funds to allow
Purchaser to consummate the Offer and the Merger pursuant to the Commitment
Letter, Parent intends to seek to refinance its indebtedness through an
alternative replacement credit facility.

     Wachovia, the Company's financial advisor in connection with the Offer and
Merger, is the Lead Arranger and Book Manager under the Commitment Letter.

     This summary is not a complete description of the terms and conditions of
the Credit Agreement and the Commitment Letter, and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the Credit Agreement and the Commitment Letter,
respectively, which is incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which has
been filed with the SEC as an exhibit to the Schedule TO.

     Because (i) the only consideration in the Offer and Merger is cash, (ii)
the Offer is to purchase all outstanding Shares, (iii) there is an absence of a
financing condition and (iv) the amount of consideration payable in relation to
the financial capacity of Parent and its affiliates is not considered excessive,
Purchaser believes the financial condition of Purchaser is not material to a
decision by a holder of Shares whether to sell, tender or hold Shares pursuant
to the Offer.

11.  BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER; PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER; THE MERGER
     AGREEMENT AND CERTAIN OTHER AGREEMENTS

                            BACKGROUND OF THE OFFER

     The following information was prepared by Parent and the Company.
Information about the Company was provided by the Company, and neither Purchaser
nor Parent takes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any
information regarding meetings or discussions in which Parent or its
representatives did not participate.

     Parent continually explores and conducts discussions with regard to
acquisitions and other strategic corporate transactions that are consistent with
its corporate strategies.

     Mr. Mark S. Newman, Parent's Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
Executive Officer, and Mr. William R. Craven, the Company's President and Chief
Executive Officer, are acquainted and have had periodic informal discussions
over several years about their respective businesses and operations and the
potential for strategic alliances.

     On an ongoing basis, the Company's Board of Directors evaluates the
Company's financial performance against the Company's business plan and
strategic alternatives. In October 1999, the Company announced that it had
engaged Wachovia as its financial advisor to explore strategic alternatives to
enhance shareholder value.

     In late 1999, following an indication of interest from a third party, the
Company's Board of Directors authorized management to initiate discussions with
the third party regarding a possible strategic transaction with the Company.
These discussions were terminated in early 2000 after the Company and the third
party were unable to negotiate a mutually acceptable transaction.

     In the early 2001, a third party contacted the Company about the
possibility of a strategic transaction, but after preliminary discussions, the
Company determined that the valuation range did not meet the expectations of the
Company's Board of Directors and discussions were terminated in May 2001.

     In January 2002, another third party contacted the Company about a possible
transaction, and after a preliminary meeting in February 2002 the Company's
management proposed to the Company's Board of Directors that it consider
launching a process for a strategic transaction.

     On March 21, 2002, the Company's Board of Directors approved a process for
seeking and considering proposals for transactions involving the merger or sale
of the entire Company, which process was to be managed by Wachovia. In
connection with the sale process, Wachovia prepared a Confidential Information
Memorandum in April 2002 and contacted 15 companies which Wachovia and the
Company believed, based on a variety of factors, might be interested in
acquiring the Company. Wachovia delivered copies of the

Confidential Information Memorandum to eight of these companies, including
Parent, that expressed an interest in receiving it.

     On April 17, 2002, Parent was contacted by Wachovia in connection with this
process and on April 24, 2002, Parent and the Company executed a confidentiality
agreement in order to facilitate the disclosure of confidential business
information for the purpose of evaluating the acquisition of the Company. For a
summary of certain provisions of the confidentiality agreement, see below in
this Section 11.

     Of the parties contacted by Wachovia in connection with the process, three
companies, including Parent, expressed interest in submitting bids to acquire
the Company in May 2002. Prior to conducting due diligence, on May 20, 2002,
Parent submitted a non-binding, preliminary indication of interest to the
Company at a range between $4.00 and $5.00 per Share, subject to satisfactory
due diligence, Parent Board approval and other customary conditions. The three
prospective bidders were provided with access to the Company's senior management
during May and June 2002 for a detailed presentation regarding the Company's
business and operations. In late May 2002 the Company established a data room
containing certain business, operational and financial information in order to
make those materials available to any party interested in the Company. On May
28, 2002 representatives of Parent attended a presentation by the Company's
management with respect to its business and operations.

     In June 2002, based on the expressed interest of several potential bidders
during the process, the Company's management requested that Wachovia explore the
possible separate sale of certain of the Company's business units. On June 27,
2002, the Company's Board of Directors authorized Wachovia to contact an
additional five potential strategic buyers regarding a sale of the entire
Company and to contact three potential buyers regarding a separate sale of
certain of the Company's business units. Wachovia contacted these potential
buyers, distributing one additional Confidential Information Memorandum
regarding the sale of the entire Company. None of the potential buyers of any of
the Company's business units expressed interest in a separate purchase of a
business unit. The Company also responded to a previously unidentified potential
buyer of a business unit in July 2002.

     Parent did not ultimately submit a final bid to acquire the Company as it
was primarily engaged in exploring the possibility of another acquisition. In
August 2002, due to the lack of formal offers to acquire the entire Company, the
Company's Board of Directors decided to terminate the process of exploring a
sale for the Company.

     Throughout the summer of 2002, Parent continued to explore the possibility
of another acquisition. On September 19, 2002, a representative of Bear Stearns
contacted Mr. Craven to inquire whether the Company was still interested in
exploring a negotiated transaction and expressed its view that Parent might be
interested in a possible acquisition of the Company. Mr. Craven offered to
provide certain additional financial information, including updated forecasts
with respect to certain programs, to Parent and its representatives. On
September 20, 2002, Mr. Newman and Mr. Craven discussed, by telephone, the
possibility of an acquisition of the Company by Parent. Mr. Craven noted his
expectation that Parent's valuation should be at the high end of the range
indicated in Parent's May 20, 2002 preliminary indication of interest. Mr.
Newman indicated that Parent might be willing to affirm its valuation of the
Company if it were able to confirm certain assumptions during due diligence.
Beginning on or about September 30, 2002, Parent conducted two weeks of due
diligence.

     On September 24, 2002, Mr. Craven and Mr. James E. Clifford, Vice President
of Mergers and Acquisitions of the Company, met at Parent's facilities and
discussed Parent's valuation of the Company with Mr. Newman and other
representatives of Parent's management team. The parties discussed an
acquisition of the Company utilizing cash and stock alternatives within a range
of $4.00-$5.00 per Share. More specifically, Mr. Newman indicated that he would
be prepared to recommend an acquisition price of either $4.50 per Share in cash
or $5.00 per Share in Parent common stock subject to a so-called "collar"
arrangement with respect to the trading range of Parent's common stock.

     Over the next two weeks, representatives of Parent and the Company's
management teams held several meetings to discuss the proposed acquisition and
certain operational issues.

     On September 26, 2002, the Company's Board of Directors met with the
Company's management, Wachovia and a representative of its outside legal
counsel, Holland & Knight LLP ("Holland & Knight"), to discuss these proposals
from Parent. Wachovia reviewed with the Board the terms of the proposals and the
valuation methodologies it expected to use in evaluating the consideration to be
received under the proposals. Holland & Knight discussed with the Board its
fiduciary responsibilities in connection with the proposals. The Board engaged
in a detailed discussion regarding the proposals and authorized management and
its advisors to continue to negotiate with Parent with respect to the proposals,
and shortly thereafter, Mr. Craven indicated to Parent that a proposal involving
the use of Parent common stock would be preferable.

     On October 2, 2002, Parent's counsel delivered drafts of the Merger
Agreement and Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements to the Company's counsel.
Over the next several weeks, counsel engaged in discussions regarding the terms
of the Merger Agreement.

     On October 3, 2002 and October 9, 2002, the Company's Board of Directors
met to discuss the status of the negotiations with Parent. At each meeting the
Board discussed with its legal advisors and Wachovia the terms and structure of
the proposed transaction and the importance of a price protection floor with
respect to Parent's common stock below which either the consideration received
by the Company's shareholders would be converted to cash or the Company would
have a right to terminate the Merger Agreement. After lengthy discussion at each
meeting, the Board authorized continued negotiations with Parent.

     During October 2002, coincident with a decrease in the stock prices of
defense companies generally, Parent common stock began trading at a range that
was below the collar proposed to the Company. Accordingly, Mr. Newman and Mr.
Craven concluded that it would be preferable for both parties to proceed on the
basis of an all-cash deal. They concluded that each would recommend to their
respective Board of Directors the acquisition of the Company for cash at a price
of $4.75 per Share. In connection with agreeing to recommend the cash
alternative, Mr. Newman required that Mr. Craven use his best efforts to provide
for the rescission of certain severance payments which would otherwise have been
payable to Messrs. Craven, Richard P. McNeight, President of Paravant Computer
Systems, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, and Krishan K. Joshi, the Company's
Chairman.

     On October 17, 2002, the Board of Directors of Parent held a meeting at
which they discussed a number of factors concerning the potential acquisition of
the Company and considered certain business, operational and financial
information concerning the Company. At the meeting, representatives of Bear
Stearns made a detailed presentation to the Board of Directors concerning the
preliminary financial analysis of the Company and certain synergies that could
result from an acquisition. Bear Stearns responded to inquiries from the Board
of Directors as to specific aspects of their review and the remaining analysis
that Bear Stearns was still undertaking.

     On October 17, 2002, the Company's Board of Directors held a special
meeting at which representatives of Wachovia gave a detailed preliminary
presentation regarding valuation, valuation methodology, comparable
transactions, and the factors considered in connection with its rendering of a
fairness opinion. In addition, a representative of Holland & Knight, the
Company's legal counsel, reviewed with the Board in detail the main legal
principles, including the Board's fiduciary duties, applicable to the proposed
Merger Agreement, the Merger, and the Board's recommendation that the
shareholders of the Company accept the Offer. The Board authorized management to
negotiate a definitive agreement with Parent and present the same to the Board
as soon as it was available.

     On October 22, 2002, the Company's Board of Directors held a special
meeting at which representatives of Wachovia and Holland & Knight reviewed in
detail the principal terms of the proposed Merger Agreement and related
agreements. Representatives of Wachovia then delivered its oral opinion to the
Board of Directors, confirmed in writing as of October 21, 2002, that, based
upon and subject to various considerations, as of October 21, 2002, the Offer
Price proposed to be paid in the Offer and the Merger is fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Shares.

     After further deliberation, the Company's Board of Directors unanimously
determined that each of the Offer, the Merger Agreement and the Merger are
advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of the

Company and its shareholders; approved the Offer, the Merger Agreement, the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and the Shareholder
Tender and Voting Agreements; and resolved to recommend that shareholders of the
Company accept the Offer and tender their Shares pursuant to the Offer, and vote
in favor of adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and approval of the
Merger (if such approval would be required by applicable law).

     On October 22, 2002, the Board of Directors of Parent held a special
meeting at which representatives of Bear Stearns delivered an oral opinion to
the Board of Directors, confirmed in writing as of October 22, 2002, that, based
upon and subject to the various considerations, assumptions and conditions
contained in its opinion, the purchase price paid in the Offer and Merger is
fair, from a financial point of view, to Parent. After further discussion and
deliberation, the Parent's Board of Directors unanimously determined that each
of the Offer, the Merger Agreement, the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements
and the Merger are advisable and fair to, and in the best interests of Parent;
and approved the Offer, the Merger Agreement, and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the Merger.

     Following final negotiations over the terms of the Merger Agreement, the
Merger Agreement was executed on October 23, 2002 and on October 24, 2002 the
execution of the Merger Agreement was announced in separate press releases by
the Company and Parent.

                      PURPOSE OF THE OFFER AND THE MERGER

     The purpose of the Offer, the Merger and the Merger Agreement is to enable
Parent to acquire control of, and the entire equity interest in, the Company.
The Offer is being made pursuant to the Merger Agreement and is intended to
increase the likelihood that the Merger will be effected. The purpose of the
Merger is to acquire all outstanding Shares not purchased pursuant to the Offer.
The transaction is structured as a merger in order to ensure the acquisition by
Parent of all the outstanding Shares.

     If the Merger is consummated, Parent will have acquired 100% of the common
equity interest in the Company and Parent would be entitled to all benefits
resulting from that interest. These benefits include complete management with
regard to the future conduct of the Company's business and any increase in its
value. Similarly, Parent will also bear the risk of any losses incurred in the
operation of the Company and any decrease in the value of the Company.

     Shareholders of the Company who sell their Shares in the Offer will cease
to have any equity interest in the Company and to participate in its earnings
and any future growth. If the Merger is consummated, the shareholders will no
longer have an equity interest in the Company and instead will have only the
right to receive cash consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement. See
Section 12 -- "Plans for the Company." Similarly, the shareholders of the
Company will not bear the risk of any decrease in the value of the Company after
selling their Shares in the Offer or the subsequent Merger.

     The primary benefits of the Offer and the Merger to the shareholders of the
Company are that such shareholders are being afforded an opportunity to sell all
of their Shares for cash at a price which represents a premium of approximately
31.9% over the closing market price of the Common Stock on the last full trading
day prior to the public announcement that the Company, Parent and Purchaser
executed the Merger Agreement, and a more substantial premium over recent
historical trading prices.

     Under the FBCA, holders of the Shares do not have the right to assert
dissenters' rights as a result of the Offer or the Merger.

                                MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Merger Agreement.
The summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement,
which is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Merger Agreement has
been filed by Parent and Purchaser, pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the Exchange
Act, as exhibit (d)(1) to the Schedule TO. The Merger Agreement may be examined
and copies may be obtained at the places and in the manner set forth in Section
8 -- "Certain Information Concerning the Company."

Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.

     The Offer.  The Merger Agreement provides that Purchaser will commence the
Offer and as promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of the Merger
Agreement and that, upon the terms and subject to the prior satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions to the Offer described in Section 13 -- "Certain
Conditions of the Offer," Purchaser will purchase all Shares validly tendered
and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer. The Merger Agreement provides that,
without the written consent of the Company, Purchaser will not (i) decrease the
price per Share payable in the Offer, (ii) reduce the maximum number of Shares
sought to be purchased in the Offer, (iii) change the form of consideration
payable in the Offer, (iv) impose conditions to the Offer in addition to those
described in Section 13, or (v) waive or change the Minimum Condition or make
other changes in the terms and conditions of the Offer that are in any manner
adverse to the holders of the Shares. Purchaser may, without the consent of the
Company (a) extend the Offer beyond the Initial Expiration Date if, as of such
expiration, any of the Offer Conditions shall not be satisfied or, to the extent
permitted, waived, (b) extend the Offer for any period required by any rule,
regulation or interpretation of the SEC, the staff thereof or Nasdaq National
Market applicable to the Offer, (c) extend the Offer for a period not to exceed
ten (10) business days if, as of the scheduled Expiration Date, there shall not
have been tendered at least eighty percent (80%) of the outstanding Shares, and
(d) provide a Subsequent Offering Period in accordance with Rule 14d-11 under
the Exchange Act.

     The Merger.  The Merger Agreement provides that, following the consummation
of the Offer, subject to the terms and conditions thereof (i) Purchaser shall be
merged with and into the Company and, as a result of the Merger, the separate
corporate existence of Purchaser shall cease, (ii) the Company shall be the
successor or surviving corporation (sometimes referred to as the "Surviving
Corporation") in the Merger, and (iii) the separate corporate existence of the
Company with all its rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises shall
continue unaffected by the Merger.

     The respective obligations of each party to the Merger Agreement to effect
the Merger are subject to the satisfaction on or prior to the Closing Date of
each of the following conditions: (i) the Company shareholders' approval shall
have been obtained; provided that Parent may not assert this condition if it
fails to vote all Shares held by it or Purchaser in favor of the Merger and the
Company may not assert this condition if it fails to comply with its obligation
under the Merger Agreement to, among other things, call and hold a meeting of
its shareholders and distribute proxy materials, if such actions are required
under applicable laws to consummate the Merger, (ii) no governmental entity of
competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered any statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or
other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which (a) is in effect
and (b) has the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting
consummation of the Merger (which illegality or prohibition would have a
material impact on Parent and its subsidiaries, on a combined basis with the
Company and its subsidiaries, if the Merger were consummated notwithstanding
such statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or other
order), (iii) Parent or Purchaser shall have purchased Shares pursuant to the
Offer, except that this condition shall not be a condition to Parent's and
Purchaser's obligation to effect the Merger if Parent or Purchaser shall have
failed to purchase Shares pursuant to the Offer in breach of their obligations
under the Merger Agreement, and (iv) the applicable waiting period under the HSR
Act shall have expired or been terminated.

     At the Effective Time of the Merger (i) each issued and outstanding Share
will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price, without interest,
paid pursuant to the Offer, (ii) each Share that is owned by the Company as
treasury stock and each Share owned by Parent, Purchaser or any wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent, Purchaser or the Company will be cancelled and retired and
will cease to exist, and no consideration will be delivered in exchange
therefor, and (iii) each issued and outstanding share of common stock of
Purchaser will be converted into and become one fully paid and nonassessable
share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

     The Company's Board of Directors.  The Merger Agreement provides that
promptly upon the purchase of and payment for any Shares by Parent or Purchaser
which satisfies the Minimum Condition pursuant to the

Offer, Parent shall be entitled to designate such number of directors, rounded
up to the next whole number, on the Company's Board of Directors as is equal to
the product of the total number of directors on the Company's Board of Directors
(after giving effect to the directors to be designated by Parent) multiplied by
the percentage that the aggregate number of Shares so purchased and paid for
bears to the total number of Shares then outstanding. The Company shall, upon
Parent's request, promptly increase the size of the Company's Board of Directors
or use its reasonable best efforts to secure the resignations of such number of
its incumbent directors, or both, as is necessary to enable Parent's designees
to be so designated to the Company's Board of Directors. If Parent's designees
are appointed or elected to the Company's Board of Directors as set forth above,
until the Effective Time the Company and Parent shall use reasonable efforts to
have at least two (2) members of the Company's Board of Directors who are
directors on the date of the Merger Agreement and who are neither officers of
the Company nor designees of Parent. Following the election or appointment of
Parent's designees and until the Effective Time, the approval of a majority of
the directors then in office who were neither designated by Parent nor employed
by the Company shall be required to authorize any amendment of the Merger
Agreement or the Company's articles of incorporation and bylaws, any termination
of the Merger Agreement by the Company, any extension by the Company of the time
for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of Purchaser or
Parent, any waiver of any of the Company's rights under the Merger Agreement or
any action as to which consent or agreement of the Company is required under the
Merger Agreement. The Company's obligations with respect to this section of the
Merger Agreement are subject to Section 14(f) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14f-1
General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.

     Shareholders' Meeting.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company will,
if required by applicable law in order to consummate the Merger (i) duly call,
give notice of, convene and hold a special meeting of its shareholders and
submit the Merger Agreement to a vote of its shareholders, (ii) prepare and file
with the SEC a preliminary proxy or information statement (the "Proxy
Statement") relating to the Merger and the Merger Agreement which shall comply
as to form with all applicable legal requirements and which shall include all
information concerning the Company, Parent and Purchaser required to be set
forth therein pursuant to the Exchange Act, (iii) file a definitive form of the
Proxy Statement, which shall reflect compliance with or resolution of the
comments and requests in accordance with the Exchange Act from the SEC as the
Company and Parent shall deem appropriate and shall distribute the definitive
Proxy Statement to the Company's shareholders in accordance with applicable
legal requirements, and (iv) take all such other reasonable action necessary or
appropriate to obtain the lawful approval of the Merger Agreement by the
Company's shareholders, including soliciting from holders of Shares proxies in
favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger and the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     The Merger Agreement provides that Parent will vote, or cause to be voted,
all of the Shares then owned by it, Purchaser or any of its other subsidiaries
in favor of the approval of the Merger and the Merger Agreement.

     The Merger Agreement further provides that in the event that Parent,
Purchaser and any other subsidiaries of Parent shall acquire in the aggregate at
least 80% of the outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer or otherwise, the
parties hereto shall, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger
Agreement, take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to
become effective as soon as practicable after such acquisition, without a
meeting of the Company's shareholders, in accordance with the FBCA.

     Company Option Plans.  The Merger Agreement provides that as of the
Effective Time, each employee stock option, stock equivalent right or right to
acquire Shares granted under the Company's Incentive Stock Option Plan, as
amended June 4, 1999, the Company's Stock Incentive Plan or the Non-employee
Directors' Stock Plan, as amended August 30, 2001, that is outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then vested or
exercisable, shall, effective as of the Effective Time, be cancelled in exchange
for a single lump sum cash payment, to be paid by the Surviving Corporation as
soon as practicable following the Effective Time upon its receipt of a release
or other documentation by the holder of such Company option reasonably
satisfactory to the Parent and the Surviving Corporation, equal to the product
of (i) the number of Shares subject to such Company option and (ii) the excess,
if any, of the Offer Price per Share at the Effective Time over the exercise
price per share of such Company option.

     Warrants.  All warrants to purchase shares of Company common stock
outstanding as of the Effective Time shall be cancelled in exchange for a single
lump sum cash payment to be paid by the Surviving Company as soon as practicable
following the Closing to the holder of such warrant upon receipt by Parent of a
release or other documentation by the holder of such warrant reasonably
satisfactory to Parent relinquishing any right or benefit under the terms of the
warrant or any obligation on the part of Parent, Purchaser or Company after the
Effective Time equal to the product of (i) the number of Shares subject to such
warrant and (ii) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration for a Share at
the Effective Time over the exercise price per Share of such warrant.

     Interim Operations; Covenants.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the
Company has agreed that, except (i) as expressly contemplated by the Merger
Agreement or (ii) as agreed to in writing by Parent, after the date of execution
of the Merger Agreement, and prior to the earlier of (x) the termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms and (y) the time the designees of
Parent have been elected to and shall constitute a majority of the Company's
Board of Directors the Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries
to, carry on its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course, in
substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted, and use all reasonable
efforts consistent with past practices and policies to (x) preserve intact its
present business organization, (y) keep available the services of the Company's
key employees, and (z) preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers,
licensors, licensees, and others with which it has business dealings. In
addition, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, during the period
from the date of the Merger Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the
termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time,
except as set forth on the Company's budget delivered to Parent prior to the
execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company shall not do, and shall not
permit its subsidiaries to do, any of the following:

          (a) enter into any new line of business material to it and its
     subsidiaries taken as a whole;

          (b) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other
     distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property) in
     respect of any capital stock or split, combine or reclassify any capital
     stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect
     of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock (other than
     dividends or distributions paid by wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company
     to the Company or to other wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company);

          (c) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any
     shares of its capital stock or the capital stock of its subsidiaries,
     except repurchases of unvested shares at cost in connection with the
     termination of the employment relationship with any employee pursuant to
     stock option or purchase agreements in effect on the date hereof;

          (d) issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber any
     shares of capital stock, Voting Debt or any securities convertible into
     shares of capital stock or Voting Debt, or subscriptions, rights, warrants
     or options to acquire any shares of capital stock or Voting Debt or any
     securities convertible into shares of capital stock or Voting Debt, or
     enter into other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it
     to issue any such securities or rights, other than issuances of Company
     common stock upon the exercise of Company Options existing on the date
     hereof in accordance with their present terms (including cashless
     exercises);

          (e) cause, permit or propose any amendments to its Charter Documents
     or any of the Subsidiary Charter Documents of its Subsidiaries;

          (f) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or
     by purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by
     any other manner, any business or any person or division thereof, or
     otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are material,
     individually or in the aggregate, to its business, other than acquisitions
     of inventory and other assets in the ordinary course of business consistent
     with past practices;

          (g) enter into any joint ventures, strategic partnerships or alliances
     that are material to any of its divisions or business units if such entry
     would (A) present a material risk of delaying the Merger or make

     it more difficult to obtain any Necessary Consent required under the terms
     of the Merger Agreement or (B) require a consent of the other party thereto
     to consummate the Merger;

          (h) sell, pledge, dispose of, transfer, lease, license, or encumber,
     or authorize the sale, pledge, disposition, transfer, lease, license, or
     encumbrance of, any material property or assets of the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries, except (A) sales, pledges, dispositions, transfers,
     leases, licenses or encumbrances pursuant to existing Contracts which have
     been made available to Parent prior to the date hereof, or (B) sales or
     dispositions of inventory and other tangible current assets in the ordinary
     course of business consistent with past practices;

          (i) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or
     investments in, any other person, other than loans or investments by the
     Company or one of its subsidiaries to or in the Company or one of its
     wholly owned subsidiaries;

          (j) except as required by GAAP or the SEC as concurred in by its
     independent auditors, make any material change in its methods or principles
     of accounting;

          (k) make or change any material Tax election;

          (l) settle any material claim (including any Tax claim), action or
     proceeding involving money damages, except (A) in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice or (B) to the extent subject to
     reserves existing as of the date hereof in accordance with GAAP;

          (m) except as required by Legal Requirements or Contracts currently
     binding on the Company or its subsidiaries, (1) increase in any manner the
     amount of compensation or fringe benefits of, pay any bonus to or grant
     severance or termination pay to, any executive officer or director of the
     Company or any of the Company's Key Employees or materially increase the
     foregoing with respect to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
     generally, (2) make any increase in, or commitment to increase, any Company
     benefit plan (including any severance plan), adopt or amend, or make any
     commitment to adopt or amend, any Company benefit plan or make any
     contribution, other than regularly scheduled contributions, to any Company
     benefit plan, (3) waive any stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or
     change the period of exercisability of Company Options or restricted stock,
     or reprice any Company Options or authorize cash payments in exchange for
     any Company Options, (4) enter into any employment, severance, termination
     or indemnification agreement with any Company employee, (5) make any
     material oral or written representation or commitment with respect to any
     material aspect of any Company benefit plan that is not materially in
     accordance with the existing written terms and provision of such Company
     benefit plan, (6) grant any stock appreciation right, phantom stock award,
     stock-related award or performance award (whether payable in cash, shares
     or otherwise) to any person (including any Company employee), or (7) enter
     into any agreement with any Company employee the benefits of which are (in
     whole or in part) contingent or the terms of which are materially altered
     upon the occurrence of a transaction involving the Company of the nature
     contemplated hereby;

          (n) subject Parent or the Surviving Corporation or any of their
     respective subsidiaries to any non-compete or other material restriction on
     any of their respective businesses following the Closing;

          (o) enter into any agreement or commitment the effect of which would
     be to grant to a third party following the Merger any actual or potential
     right of license to any material Intellectual Property owned by Parent or
     any of its subsidiaries;

          (p) enter into, modify or amend in a manner adverse in any material
     respect to such party, or terminate any Company Material Contract or waive,
     release or assign any material rights or claims thereunder, in each case,
     in a manner adverse in any material respect to such party, other than any
     modification, amendment or termination of any such Company material
     contract in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

          (q) (i) incur any Indebtedness, except for Indebtedness for borrowed
     money under the Company's existing credit facilities or replacement credit
     facilities in an aggregate amount not materially larger than

     the Company's existing credit facilities, or (ii) make or authorize any
     capital expenditure materially in excess of the Company's budget as
     disclosed to Parent prior to the date of the Merger Agreement;

          (r) write up, write down or write off the book value of any assets
     other than in the ordinary course of business or otherwise not in excess of
     two million dollars ($2,000,000);

          (s) take any action to render inapplicable, or to exempt any third
     party from any state takeover law or state law that purports to limit or
     restrict business combinations or the ability to acquire or vote shares,
     except to the extent that the Company would be permitted to change the
     recommendation of the Company's Board of Directors that the shareholders of
     the Company accept the Offer, tender their Shares to Purchaser thereunder
     and, if required by Legal Requirement, approve and adopt the Merger
     Agreement and the Merger; or

          (t) agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described
     above.

     No Solicitation.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company has agreed
to immediately terminate, and cause each of its subsidiaries and its and their
representatives to immediately terminate, all activities, discussions or
negotiations, if any, with any third party with respect to, or any that could
reasonably be expected to lead to or contemplate the possibility of, an
Acquisition Proposal. For purposes of the Merger Agreement an "Acquisition
Proposal", with respect to the Company, shall mean any offer or proposal,
relating to any transaction or series of related transactions involving: (A) any
purchase from the Company or acquisition by any person or "group" (as defined
under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of more than a ten percent (10%)
interest in the total outstanding voting securities of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or any tender or exchange offer that if consummated would result in
any person or group beneficially owning ten percent (10%) or more of the total
outstanding voting securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any
merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, (B) any sale, lease (other than in the
ordinary course of business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the
ordinary course of business), acquisition or disposition of more than ten
percent (10%) of the assets of the Company (including its subsidiaries taken as
a whole), or (C) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company. Except as
provided below, from the date of the Merger Agreement until the earlier of
termination of the Merger Agreement or the Effective Time, the Company is not
permitted, and will not authorize or permit its officers, directors, employees,
investment bankers, attorneys, accountants or other agents, to directly or
indirectly: (i) solicit, initiate, encourage, knowingly facilitate or induce any
inquiry with respect to, or the making, submission or announcement of, any
Acquisition Proposal, (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations
regarding, or furnish to any person any nonpublic information with respect to,
or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any
proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any
Acquisition Proposal, (iii) engage in discussions with any person with respect
to any Acquisition Proposal, except as to the existence of the restrictions upon
the Company's activities in the Merger Agreement, (iv) approve, endorse or
recommend any Acquisition Proposal, or (v) enter into any letter of intent or
similar document or any contract, agreement or commitment contemplating or
otherwise relating to any Acquisition Proposal or any transaction contemplated
thereby.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the acceptance of a majority of the
then outstanding Shares pursuant to the Offer, the Company may furnish
information concerning its business, properties or assets to any person pursuant
to a confidentiality agreement with terms no less favorable to the Company than
those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2002
entered into between Parent and the Company (the "Confidentiality Agreement"),
and may negotiate and participate in discussions and negotiations with such
person concerning an Acquisition Proposal if (x) the Company receives an
unsolicited, bona fide written Acquisition Proposal from a third party that its
Board of Directors has in good faith concluded (following consultation with its
outside legal counsel and its financial advisor), is, or is reasonably likely to
result in, a Superior Offer (as defined below), (y) the Company's Board of
Directors concludes in good faith, following consultation with its outside legal
counsel, that there is a reasonable possibility that the failure to take such
actions would result in a breach of its fiduciary obligations under applicable
legal requirements, and (z) the Company has given a written notice to Parent
with respect to the Superior Offer as required pursuant to the Merger Agreement.
The Merger Agreement further provides that for a period of not less than three
(3) business days after Parent's receipt from the Company

of each such notice with respect to a Superior Offer, the Company shall, if
requested by Parent, negotiate in good faith with Parent to revise the Merger
Agreement so that the Acquisition Proposal that constituted a Superior Offer no
longer constitutes a Superior Offer.

     For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a "Superior Offer" shall mean an
unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third party to acquire, directly
or indirectly, pursuant to a tender or exchange offer, merger, consolidation or
other business combination, all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company or a majority of the total outstanding voting securities of the Company
and as a result of which the shareholders of the Company immediately preceding
such transaction would hold less than fifty percent (50%) of the equity
interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction or any direct
or indirect parent or subsidiary thereof, on terms that the Board of Directors
of the Company has in good faith concluded (following consultation with its
outside legal counsel and its financial advisor), taking into account, among
other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the offer
and the person making the offer, to be more favorable, from a financial point of
view, to the Company's shareholders (in their capacities as shareholders) than
the terms of the Offer and the Merger and is reasonably capable of being
consummated

     Neither the Company's Board of Directors nor any committee thereof shall
withdraw, modify or change, or propose publicly to withdraw, modify or change,
in a manner adverse to Parent, the Company's Board of Director's recommendation
that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer, tender their Shares to
Purchaser thereunder and, if required by Legal Requirements, approve and adopt
the Merger Agreement and the Merger. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company's Board of Directors may (A) withhold or withdraw its recommendation
that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer, tender their Shares to
Purchaser thereunder and, if required by Legal Requirements, approve and adopt
the Merger Agreement and the Merger in response to the receipt of a Superior
Offer, and (B) recommend that its shareholders accept a tender or exchange offer
in the case of a Superior Offer that is a tender or exchange offer made directly
to its shareholders, if in the case of (A) or (B) all of the following
conditions are met:

          (i) Purchaser shall not yet have accepted a majority of the then
     outstanding Shares in the Offer;

          (ii) the Company shall have (A) provided to Parent written notice
     which shall state expressly (1) that it has received a Superior Offer, (2)
     the material terms and conditions of the Superior Offer and the identity of
     the Person or group making the Superior Offer, and (3) that it intends to
     change the recommendation of the Company's Board of Directors that the
     shareholders of the Company accept the Offer, tender their Shares to
     Purchaser thereunder and, if required by Legal Requirement, approve and
     adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger; and the manner in which it
     intends to do so, and (B) provided to Parent a copy of all written
     materials delivered to the Person or group making the Superior Offer;

          (iii) the Company's Board of Directors has concluded in good faith,
     after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that, in light of such
     Superior Offer, there is a reasonable possibility that failure to change
     the recommendation of the Company's Board of Directors that the
     shareholders of the Company accept the Offer, tender their Shares to
     Purchaser thereunder and, if required by Legal Requirement, approve and
     adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger would result in a breach of
     fiduciary obligations of the Company's Board of Directors to its
     shareholders under applicable Legal Requirements; and

          (iv) the Company shall not have breached in any material respect
     certain provisions as set forth in the Merger Agreement with respect to
     Acquisition Proposals.

     Indemnification and Insurance.  The Merger Agreement provides that for a
period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, Parent shall indemnify and
hold harmless the Company's directors and officers immediately prior to the
Effective Time to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Legal
Requirements, with respect to all actions or omissions by them prior to the
Effective Time in their capacities as officers or directors of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries (including with respect to all acts or omissions by them
in their capacities as officers or directors of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries in connection with the adoption and approval of the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby).

     The Merger Agreement also provides that from and after the Effective Time,
Parent will, and will cause the Surviving Corporation to, fulfill and honor in
all respects the obligations of the Company pursuant to any indemnification
agreements between the Company and its directors and officers immediately prior
to the Effective Time, subject to applicable Legal Requirements. The articles of
incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation are required to contain
provisions with respect to exculpation and indemnification that are at least as
favorable to such indemnified parties as those contained in the articles of
incorporation and bylaws of the Company as in effect on the date of the Merger
Agreement, which provisions will not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified
for a period of six (6) years from the Effective Time in any manner that would
adversely affect the rights thereunder of individuals who, immediately prior to
the Effective Time, were directors, officers, employees or agents of the
Company, unless such modification is required by applicable Legal Requirements.

     Parent or the Surviving Corporation will maintain in effect for the benefit
of the Company's current directors and officers liability insurance covering
those persons who are covered by the Company's directors' and officers'
liability insurance policy as of the date of the Merger Agreement on terms no
less favorable to those applicable to the current directors and officers of the
Company for a period of six (6) years; provided, however, that in no event will
the Surviving Corporation be required to expend in excess of two hundred percent
(200%) of the annual premium paid by the Company as of the date of the Merger
Agreement for such coverage (and to the extent the annual premium would exceed
two hundred percent (200%) of the annual premium currently paid by the Company
for such coverage, the Surviving Corporation shall use all reasonable efforts to
cause to be maintained the maximum amount of coverage as is available for such
two hundred percent (200%) of such annual premium).

     Representations and Warranties.  Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the
Company has made customary representations and warranties to Parent and
Purchaser with respect to, among other things, its organization, subsidiaries,
capital structure, authority to enter into the Merger Agreement and consummate
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the "Transactions"), the
vote of its shareholders required to approve the Transactions, consents and
approvals necessary to consummate the Transactions, public filings, financial
statements, conduct of the Company's business, taxes, intellectual property,
compliance with applicable laws, permits, litigation involving the Company,
brokers that may be entitled to any fees from the Company, potential conflicts
of interest among the Company, the Company subsidiaries, and any of their
affiliates, employee benefit plans, environmental matters, the Company's
contracts, the information to be made in the Company's public disclosure with
respect to the Transactions, approvals by its Board of Directors, the opinion of
the Company's financial advisor, and actions taken with respect to takeover
statutes.

     Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each of Parent and Purchaser has made
customary representations and warranties to the Company with respect to, among
other things, its organization, authority to enter into the Merger Agreement and
consummate the Transactions, consents and approvals necessary to consummate the
Transactions, brokers that may be entitled to any fees from Parent or Purchaser,
the information in Parent's and Purchaser's public disclosure to be made with
respect to the Transactions, and funding for the Offer.

     Company and Parent representations are generally qualified as to "Material
Adverse Effect." For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the term "Material
Adverse Effect" means any fact, change, event, violation, inaccuracy,
circumstance or effect (any such item, an "Effect"), individually or when taken
together with all other Effects that have occurred prior to the date of
determination of the occurrence of the Material Adverse Effect, that is or could
be reasonably expected to (i) be materially adverse to the business, assets
(including intangible assets), capitalization, financial condition or results of
operations of such entity taken as a whole with its subsidiaries or (ii)
materially impede the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, including the Offer, in accordance with the terms thereof and
applicable Legal Requirements excluding with respect to clauses (i) and (ii)
Effects (A) generally affecting the industry in which such entity and its
subsidiaries operate or arising from changes in general business or economics
conditions, or (B) affecting the securities markets generally.

     Termination Fees.  The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior
to the Effective Time, whether before or after approval of the shareholders of
the Company:

          a.  by mutual written consent of Parent and the Company; or

          b.  by either the Company or Parent, if as a result of any of the
     Offer Conditions being incapable of being satisfied the Offer shall have
     expired without any Shares being purchased pursuant thereto; provided,
     however, that the right to terminate the Merger Agreement shall not be
     available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under the
     Merger Agreement or the Offer has been the cause of, or resulted in, the
     failure of the Shares to have been purchased pursuant to the Offer; or

          c.  by either the Company or Parent, if the Offer has not been
     consummated on or before April 30, 2003; provided, however, that the right
     to terminate the Merger Agreement shall not be available to any party whose
     failure to fulfill any obligation under the Merger Agreement or the Offer
     has been the cause of, or resulted in, the failure of the Offer to have
     been consummated by such date; or

          d.  by either the Company or Parent, if a Governmental Entity shall
     have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action (including
     the failure to have taken an action), in any case having the effect of
     permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Offer or
     the Merger, which order, decree, ruling or other action is final and
     nonappealable; or

          e.  by Parent, if a Company Triggering Event shall have occurred. For
     the purposes of the Merger Agreement, a "Company Triggering Event" shall be
     deemed to have occurred if: (i) the Company's Board of Directors shall have
     for any reason changed its recommendation that the shareholders of the
     Company accept the Offer, tender their Shares to Purchaser thereunder and,
     if required by Legal Requirements, approve and adopt the Merger Agreement
     and the Merger, (ii) the Company shall have failed to include in the Proxy
     Statement or the Schedule 14D-9 the Company's Board of Directors'
     recommendation that the shareholders of the Company accept the Offer,
     tender their Shares to Purchaser thereunder and, if required by Legal
     Requirement, approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the Merger, (iii)
     the Company's Board of Directors fails to reaffirm (publicly, if so
     requested) its recommendation within three (3) calendar days after Parent
     requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed, (iv) the
     Company's Board of Directors or any committee thereof shall have approved
     or recommended any Acquisition Proposal, (v) a tender or exchange offer
     relating to the Company's securities shall have been commenced by a Person
     unaffiliated with Parent, and (A) the Company shall not have sent to its
     securityholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act,
     within ten (10) business days after such tender or exchange offer is first
     published, sent or given, a statement disclosing that the Company's Board
     of Directors recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer or (B)
     such tender or exchange offer shall result in such Person beneficially
     owning fifty percent (50%) or greater of the Company's outstanding equity
     securities, or (vi) any person unaffiliated with Parent shall beneficially
     own twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the Company's outstanding equity
     securities; or

          f.  by the Company, (i) if Purchaser or Parent shall have materially
     breached any of their respective covenants, obligations or other agreements
     under the Merger Agreement, or (ii) if the representations and warranties
     of Parent and Purchaser set forth in the Merger Agreement shall not be true
     and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to "materiality" or
     "Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein) at and as of the date of the
     Merger Agreement and as of the expiration of the date of termination of the
     Merger Agreement (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier
     date, in which case as of such date), except where the failure to be so
     true and correct, individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent; provided, further
     that the breach of the covenant, obligation, agreement, representation or
     warranty is incapable of being or has not been cured by Parent or Purchaser
     prior to or on the date which is thirty (30) calendar days immediately
     following written notice by the Company to Parent of such breach or failure
     to perform; or

          g.  by Parent, (i) if the Company shall have materially breached any
     of its respective covenants, obligations or other agreements under the
     Merger Agreement, or (ii) if the representations and

     warranties of the Company set forth in Merger Agreement shall not be true
     and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to "materiality" or
     "Material Adverse Effect" set forth therein) at and as of the date of
     Merger Agreement and as of the expiration of the date of termination of
     Merger Agreement (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier
     date, in which case as of such date), except where the failure to be so
     true and correct, individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be
     expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company; provided,
     further that the breach of the covenant, obligation, agreement,
     representation or warranty is incapable of being or has not been cured by
     the Company prior to or on the date which is thirty (30) calendar days
     immediately following written notice by Parent to the Company of such
     breach or failure to perform.

     If Parent shall have terminated the Merger Agreement pursuant to clause b.
above or clause c. above, the Company shall pay Parent a fee equal to four
million dollars ($4,000,000) in immediately available funds (the "Company
Termination Fee"); provided, that (A) such payment shall be made only if
following the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to the termination of the
Merger Agreement, there has been public disclosure of an Acquisition Proposal
with respect to the Company and (1) within nine (9) months following the
termination of the Merger Agreement an Acquisition is consummated or (2) within
nine (9) months following the termination of the Merger Agreement the Company
enters into an agreement providing for an Acquisition of the Company and an
Acquisition is consummated within eighteen (18) months of the termination of the
Merger Agreement and (B) such payment shall be made promptly, but in no event
later than two (2) business days after the consummation of such Acquisition.

     For purposes of the Merger Agreement, "Acquisition" means any of the
following transactions (other than the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement): (i) a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving the Company pursuant
to which the shareholders of the Company immediately preceding such transaction
hold less than sixty percent (60%) of the aggregate equity interests in the
surviving or resulting entity of such transaction or any direct or indirect
parent thereof, (ii) a sale or other disposition by the Company of assets
representing in excess of forty percent (40%) of the aggregate fair market value
of the Company's business immediately prior to such sale, or (iii) the
acquisition by any person or group (including by way of a tender offer or an
exchange offer or issuance by the Company or such person or group), directly or
indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial ownership
of shares representing in excess of forty percent (40%) of the voting power of
then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company.

     If Parent shall have terminated the Merger Agreement pursuant to clause e.
above, the Company shall promptly, but in no event later than two (2) business
days after the date of such termination, pay Parent the Company Termination Fee.

     If (A) the Merger Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company, as
applicable, pursuant to clause b. above or clause c. above and following the
date hereof and prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement there has been
public disclosure of an Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company, or (B)
the Merger Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to clause e. above, then
the Company shall pay Parent promptly and from time to time (as applicable), an
amount equal to Parent's documented or documentable out-of-pocket expenses
(including attorneys', accountants' and financial advisors' fees and any fees
incurred by Parent in connection with the filing of the Schedule TO or the proxy
statement with the SEC and the filing of the Notification and Report Forms with
the FTC and DOJ under the HSR Act and any premerger notification and reports
forms under similar applicable legal requirements of other jurisdictions, in
each case pursuant to the Merger Agreement), but which amount shall in no event
exceed one million dollars ($1,000,000).

                    SHAREHOLDER TENDER AND VOTING AGREEMENTS

     The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Shareholder Tender
and Voting Agreements dated as of October 23, 2002 by and among Parent,
Purchaser and each of Krishan K. Joshi, Vicky M. Joshi and UES Inc., William K.
Craven, Richard P. McNeight, James E. Clifford and C. Hyland Schooley (each
referred to as a "Tendering Shareholder" and collectively as the "Tendering
Shareholders"). The Tendering

Shareholders include directors and executive officers of the Company or its
subsidiaries (or relatives of, or entities controlled by, such persons) and have
voting and dispositive power with respect to an aggregate of 3,780,835 Shares
(the "Subject Shares") representing approximately 22% of the Shares outstanding
on the date of the Merger Agreement. The summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements, which are
incorporated herein by reference and copies of which have been filed with the
SEC as exhibits to the Schedule TO. Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined have the meanings ascribed to them in the Shareholder Tender
and Voting Agreements.

     As a condition to the willingness of Parent to enter into the Merger
Agreement, and as inducement and in consideration therefor, each Tendering
Shareholder has entered into a Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreement. The
Tendering Shareholders include certain directors and officers of the Company.

     Each Tendering Shareholder has also agreed that unless the Shareholder
Tender and Voting Agreement is terminated as stated below, (i) each Tendering
Shareholder shall tender the Subject Shares to Purchaser in the Offer no later
than the tenth Business Day following the commencement of the Offer, and (ii)
each Tendering Shareholder shall not withdraw any Subject Shares tendered unless
the Offer is terminated or has expired without Parent purchasing all Shares
tendered in the Offer. Each Tendering Shareholder has agreed that, prior to the
termination of the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreement pursuant to its
terms, they will not (i) transfer, assign, sell, tender, gift-over, pledge,
encumber or otherwise dispose of ("Transfer"), any or all of the Subject Shares
or any right or interest therein, (ii) enter into any contract, option or other
agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to any Transfer, (iii)
grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization or consent with
respect to any of the Subject Shares, (iv) deposit any of the Subject Shares
into a voting trust, or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with
respect to any of the Subject Shares or (v) take any other action that would in
any way restrict, limit or interfere with the performance of such Tendering
Shareholder's obligations under the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements.

     (a) Each Tendering Shareholder has agreed that it shall not, nor shall it
permit any of its affiliates to, nor shall such Tendering Shareholder act in
concert with or permit any of its affiliates to act in concert with any person
to make, or in any manner participate in, directly or indirectly, a
"solicitation" of "proxies" (as such terms are used in the rules of the SEC) or
powers of attorney or similar rights to vote, or seek to advise or influence any
person with respect to the voting of, any Shares in connection with any vote or
other action on any matter, other than to recommend that shareholders of the
Company accept the Offer, tender their Shares in the Offer, vote in favor of the
Merger and the Merger Agreement and otherwise as expressly provided by the
Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements. Each Tendering Shareholder has agreed
that it shall not, nor shall it permit any of its affiliates to, nor shall such
Tendering Shareholder act in concert with or permit any of its affiliates to act
in concert with any person to, deposit any Shares in a voting trust or subject
any Shares to any arrangement or agreement with any person with respect to the
voting of such Shares. Each Shareholder has also agreed that it shall not, and
shall direct its representatives not to, directly or indirectly, enter into,
solicit, initiate, conduct or continue any discussions or negotiations with, or
knowingly encourage or respond to any inquiries or proposals by, or provide any
information to, any person, other than Parent, relating to any Acquisition
Proposal.

     Each Tendering Shareholder has granted Parent an irrevocable proxy with
respect to the voting of such Subject Shares in favor of the Merger and other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (and any actions required in
furtherance thereof).

     Each Tendering Shareholder has made certain representations and warranties
in the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements, including with respect to (i)
being the lawful owner of the Subject Shares, (ii) the authority to enter into
and perform the obligations under the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements
and the absence of required consents (except for filings under the HSR Act and
the Exchange Act) and statutory or contractual conflicts or violations, and
(iii) the absence of liens or any other encumbrances with regard to the Subject
Shares.

     The Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements, and all rights and
obligations of the parties thereto, shall terminate upon the earliest to occur
of (i) the mutual consent of Parent and each individual Tendering

Shareholder, (ii) the Effective Time, and (iii) the date of termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. Termination of the Shareholder
Tender and Voting Agreements shall not prevent any party thereunder from seeking
any remedies (at law or in equity) against any other party hereto for such
party's breach of any of the terms of the Shareholder Tender and Voting
Agreements.

     Each Tendering Shareholder has entered into a Shareholder Tender and Voting
Agreement solely in his, her or its capacity as a record and beneficial owner of
the Subject Shares, and, if applicable, nothing therein shall limit or affect
any actions taken in his, her or its capacity as an officer or director of the
Company.

                           CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Confidentiality
Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2002 (the "Confidentiality Agreement"), between
the Company and Parent. The following summary of the Confidentiality Agreement
does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the text of the
Confidentiality Agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.

     Under the Confidentiality Agreement, the Company agreed to furnish certain
confidential information (the "Confidential Evaluation Material") concerning its
business, operational and financial condition to Parent and its representatives
in connection with Parent's evaluation of a possible transaction with the
Company. Parent agreed that it would use the Confidential Evaluation Material
solely for the purpose of evaluating a possible transaction between itself and
the Company, and that Parent, its representatives, and anyone to whom Parent
disclosed the Confidential Evaluation Material as permitted under the
Confidentiality Agreement would keep such information confidential, unless such
information was publicly available, already known to Parent or becomes available
to Parent on a non-confidential basis from another source. Parent agrees to be
held responsible for any breach of the Confidentiality Agreement by its
officers, directors, advisors, employees, and/or affiliates or any of its
representatives. If Parent becomes legally compelled by deposition, subpoena, or
other governmental action to disclose any of the confidential information
covered by the Confidentiality Agreement, Parent will give Company prompt prior
written notice and will cooperate with the Company if it seeks to obtain a
protective order concerning such confidential information.

     The Company and Parent agreed that for a period of two (2) years from the
date of the Confidentiality Agreement, neither Parent nor any of its affiliates
would, without obtaining the Company's prior written consent, solicit for
employment any officer or management employee of the Company.

     Until the expiration of two (2) years from the date of the Confidentiality
Agreement, Parent agreed not to, without the prior written approval of the
Company's Board of Directors, (i) acquire or agree to acquire or make any
proposal to acquire directly or indirectly any of the Company's securities or
property; (ii) make, or in any way participate in any "solicitation" of
"proxies" (as such terms are used in the proxy rules of the SEC) to vote or to
influence any other person's voting of the Company's securities; (iii) form,
join or participate in a "group" (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act) with regard to the Company's voting securities; or (iv) otherwise
act alone or in concert with others, directly or indirectly, to control, advise,
or influence the management, Board of Directors, or policies of the Company.

     Parent agreed to take all precautions with regard to protecting any
Confidential Evaluation Material. Upon the Company's request, Parent agreed to
return all written information provided by the Company and to destroy all
materials prepared by Parent based on the Confidential Evaluation Material.

12.  PLANS FOR THE COMPANY

     Plans for the Company.  Parent intends to conduct a detailed review of the
Company and its assets, corporate structure, capitalization, operations,
properties, policies, management and personnel and will consider, subject to the
terms of the Merger Agreement, what, if any, changes would be desirable in light
of the circumstances which exist upon completion of the Offer. Such changes
could include changes in the Company's business, corporate structure, articles
of incorporation, by-laws, capitalization, Board of Directors, management or
dividend policy, although, except as disclosed in this Offer to Purchase, Parent
has no current plans with respect to any of such matters. The Merger Agreement
provides that promptly upon the purchase of

and payment for any Shares by Parent or Purchaser which satisfies the Minimum
Condition pursuant to the Offer, Parent shall be entitled to designate such
number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Company's Board
of Directors as is equal to the product of the total number of directors on the
Company's Board of Directors (after giving effect to the directors to be
designated by Parent) multiplied by the percentage that the aggregate number of
Shares so purchased and paid for bears to the total number of Shares then
outstanding. The Company shall, upon Parent's request, promptly increase the
size of the Company's Board of Directors or use its best efforts to secure the
resignations of such number of its incumbent directors, or both, as is necessary
to enable Parent's designees to be so designated to the Company's Board of
Directors. If Parent's designees are appointed or elected to the Company's Board
of Directors as set forth above, until the Effective Time the Company and Parent
shall use reasonable efforts to have at least two (2) members of the Company's
Board of Directors who were directors on the date of the execution of the Merger
Agreement and who are neither officers of the Company nor designees of Parent.
Following the election or appointment of Parent's designees and until the
Effective Time, the approval of a majority of the directors then in office who
were neither designated by Parent nor employed by the Company shall be required
to authorize any amendment of the Merger Agreement or the Company's articles of
incorporation and bylaws, any termination of the Merger Agreement by the
Company, any extension by the Company of the time for the performance of any of
the obligations or other acts of Purchaser or Parent, any waiver of any of the
Company's rights under the Merger Agreement or any action as to which consent or
agreement of the Company is required under the Merger Agreement. See Section
11 -- "Background of the Offer; Purpose of the Offer and the Merger; the Merger
Agreement and Certain Other Agreements." The Merger Agreement provides that the
directors of Purchaser and the officers of the Company at the Effective Time of
the Merger will, from and after the Effective Time, be the initial directors and
officers, respectively, of the Surviving Corporation.

     Except as disclosed in this Offer to Purchase, neither Parent nor Purchaser
has any present plans or proposals that would result in an extraordinary
corporate transaction, such as a merger, reorganization, liquidation, relocation
of operations, or sale or transfer of assets, involving the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, or any material changes in the Company's corporate structure,
business or composition of its management or personnel.

13.  CERTAIN CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Offer, and in addition to (and
not in limitation of) Purchaser's rights to extend and amend the Offer at any
time in its sole discretion (subject to the provisions of the Merger Agreement),
Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or, subject to any
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, including Rule 14e-l(c) under the
Exchange Act (relating to Purchaser's obligation to pay for or return tendered
Shares promptly after termination or withdrawal of the Offer), pay for, and may
delay the acceptance for payment of or, subject to the restriction referred to
above, the payment for, any validly tendered Shares unless the Minimum Condition
shall have been satisfied. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other provisions of
the Offer, Purchaser shall not be required to accept for payment or pay for any
validly tendered Shares if, at the scheduled Expiration Date (i) any applicable
waiting periods under the HSR Act and any comparable provisions under any
applicable pre-merger notification laws or regulations of foreign jurisdictions
have not expired or terminated prior to termination of the Offer, or (ii)
immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer, any of the following
conditions shall exist (capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement):

          (a) there shall have been instituted or be pending, by any
     Governmental Entity or any other Person or threatened by a Governmental
     Entity, any suit, action or proceeding against Parent, Purchaser or the
     Company challenging or seeking (i) to make illegal, restrain or prohibit or
     make materially more costly the making of the Offer, the acceptance for
     payment of, or payment for, any Shares by Parent or Purchaser, or the
     consummation of the Merger, (ii) to prohibit or limit materially the
     ownership or operation by the Company, Parent, Purchaser or any of their
     affiliates of all or any material portion of the business or assets of the
     Company, Parent or any of their affiliates, or compel the Company, Parent
     or any of their affiliates to effect an Action of Divestiture, (iii) to
     impose or confirm limitations on the ability of Parent, Purchaser or any
     other affiliate of Parent to exercise full rights of ownership of any
     Shares,

     including, without limitation, the right to vote any Shares acquired by
     Purchaser pursuant to the Offer or otherwise on all matters properly
     presented to the Company's shareholders, including, without limitation, the
     approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
     contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (iv) to require divestiture by Parent
     or Purchaser of any Shares; or (v) which otherwise seeks damages or relief
     which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
     Parent or the Company;

          (b) there shall have been entered, enforced, enacted or deemed
     applicable to (A) Parent, Purchaser or the Company or (B) the Merger
     Agreement, the Offer or the Merger, in any case, any statute, rule,
     regulation, legislation, judgment, order, injunction or decree by any
     Governmental Entity or any other Person that is reasonably likely to,
     directly or indirectly, result in any of the consequences referred to in
     clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (a) above;

          (c) a Company Triggering Event shall have occurred;

          (d) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in the
     Merger Agreement shall not be true and correct (without giving effect to
     any limitation as to "materiality" or "Material Adverse Effect" set forth
     therein) at and as of the date of the Merger Agreement and the expiration
     of the Offer (except to the extent that such representations and warranties
     speak as of a specific date, in which case as of such specific date),
     except where the failure to be so true and correct, individually or in the
     aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
     Effect on the Company;

          (e) the Company shall have materially breached any covenant,
     obligation or other agreement to be performed or complied by it under the
     Merger Agreement;

          (f) the Merger Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with
     its terms;

          (g) any of the following shall have occurred: (1) any general
     suspension of trading in, or limitation on prices for, securities on the
     New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq for a
     period in excess of 24 hours (excluding suspensions or limitations
     resulting solely from physical damage or interference with such exchanges
     not related to market conditions), (2) a declaration of a banking
     moratorium or any suspension of payments in respect of banks in the United
     States (whether or not mandatory), (3) a commencement or material worsening
     of a war, armed hostilities or other national or international calamity
     directly or indirectly involving the United States or any terrorist
     activities which materially and adversely affects Parent, Purchaser or the
     Company or the ability of financial institutions in the United States to
     extend credit or syndicate loans, (4) any limitation (whether or not
     mandatory) by any Governmental Entity on the extension of credit generally
     by banks or other financial institutions, or (5) a change in general
     financial, bank or capital market conditions which materially and adversely
     affects the ability of financial institutions in the United States to
     extend credit or syndicate loans;

          (h) Purchaser and the Company shall have agreed that Purchaser shall
     terminate the Offer or postpone the acceptance for payment of or payment
     for Shares thereunder; or

          (i) any party to the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements other
     than Purchaser and Parent shall have breached or failed to perform any of
     its covenants or agreements under such agreements or breached any of its
     representations and warranties in any of such agreements, or any of such
     agreements shall not be valid, binding and enforceable, except for such
     breaches or failures to be valid, binding and enforceable that do not
     materially and adversely affect the benefits expected to be received by
     Parent and Purchaser under the Merger Agreement or the Shareholder Tender
     and Voting Agreements.

     The foregoing conditions are for the benefit of Purchaser and Parent and
may be asserted by Purchaser or Parent regardless of the circumstances giving
rise to any such condition or may be waived by Purchaser or Parent in whole or
in part at any time and from time to time in their sole and absolute discretion.

     The failure by Parent or Purchaser at any time to exercise any of the
foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right; the waiver of
any such right with respect to particular facts and other circumstances

shall not be deemed a waiver with respect to any other facts and circumstances;
and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right that may be asserted at any
time and from time to time.

14.  CERTAIN LEGAL MATTERS

     Except as described in this Section 14, based on information provided by
the Company, none of the Company, Purchaser or Parent is aware of any license or
regulatory permit that appears to be material to the business of the Company
that might be adversely affected by Purchaser's acquisition of Shares as
contemplated herein or of any approval or other action by a domestic or foreign
governmental, administrative or regulatory agency or authority that would be
required for the acquisition and ownership of the Shares by Purchaser as
contemplated herein. Should any such approval or other action be required,
Purchaser and Parent presently contemplate that such approval or other action
will be sought, except as described below under "State Takeover Laws." While,
except as otherwise described in this Offer to Purchase, Purchaser does not
presently intend to delay the acceptance for payment of or payment for Shares
tendered pursuant to the Offer pending the outcome of any such matter, there can
be no assurance that any such approval or other action, if needed, would be
obtained or would be obtained without substantial conditions or that failure to
obtain any such approval or other action might not result in consequences
adverse to the Company's business or that certain parts of the Company's
business might not have to be disposed of or other substantial conditions
complied with in the event that such approvals were not obtained or such other
actions were not taken or in order to obtain any such approval or other action.
If certain types of adverse action are taken with respect to the matters
discussed below, Purchaser could decline to accept for payment or pay for any
Shares tendered. See Section 13 -- "Certain Conditions of the Offer" for certain
conditions to the Offer, including conditions with respect to governmental
actions.

     Affiliated Transaction Statute.  Because the Company is incorporated under
the laws of the State of Florida, it is subject to Section 607.0901 (the
"Affiliated Transactions Statute") of the FBCA. The Affiliated Transactions
Statute generally prohibits a Florida corporation from engaging in an
"affiliated transaction" with an "interested shareholder," unless (i) the
affiliated transaction is approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
or by the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the voting shares
other than the shares beneficially owned by the interested shareholder, (ii) the
corporation has not had more than 300 shareholders of record at any time for
three years prior to the public announcement relating to the affiliated
transaction, or (iii) the corporation complies with certain statutory fair price
provisions.

     Subject to certain exceptions, under the FBCA an "interested shareholder"
is a person who beneficially owns more than 10% of the corporation's outstanding
voting shares. In general terms, an "affiliated transaction" includes: (i) any
merger or consolidation with an interested shareholder; (ii) the transfer to any
interested shareholder of corporate assets with a fair market value equal to 5%
or more of the corporation's consolidated assets or outstanding shares or
representing 5% or more of the corporation's earning power or net income; (iii)
the issuance to any interested shareholder of shares with a fair market value
equal to 5% or more of the aggregate fair market value of all outstanding shares
of the corporation; (iv) any reclassification of securities or corporate
reorganization that will have the effect of increasing by more than 5% the
percentage of the corporation's outstanding voting shares beneficially owned by
any interested shareholder; (v) the liquidation or dissolution of the
corporation if proposed by any interested shareholder; and (vi) any receipt by
the interested shareholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guaranties,
pledges or other financial assistance or any tax credits or other tax advantages
provided by or through the corporation.

     At the October 22, 2002 meeting of the Company's Board of Directors, by
unanimous vote of all directors, including a majority of disinterested
directors, the Company's Board of Directors have approved the Merger Agreement
and the Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements and the transactions
contemplated by those agreements. As a result, the provisions of the Affiliated
Transactions Statute are not applicable to the Offer and the Merger and the
transactions contemplated by such agreements.

     Control Share Acquisition Statute.  The Company also may be subject to
Section 607.0902 of the FBCA (the "Control Share Acquisition Statute"). The
Control Share Acquisition Statute provides that shares of publicly held Florida
corporations that are acquired in a "control share acquisition" generally will
have no

voting rights unless such rights are conferred on those shares by the vote of
the holders of a majority of all the outstanding shares other than interested
shares. A control share acquisition is defined, with certain exceptions, as the
acquisition of the ownership of voting shares which would cause the acquirer to
have voting power within the following ranges or to move upward from one range
into another: (i) 20%, but less than 33 1/3%; (ii) 33 1/3%, but less than 50%;
or (iii) 50% or more of such votes.

     The Control Share Acquisition Statute does not apply to an acquisition of
shares of a publicly held Florida corporation (i) pursuant to a merger or share
exchange effected in compliance with the FBCA if the publicly held Florida
corporation is a party to the merger or share exchange agreement, or (ii) if
such acquisition has been approved by the board of directors of that corporation
before the acquisition.

     Because the Control Share Acquisition Statute specifically exempts (i) an
acquisition of shares of a publicly held Florida corporation which has been
approved by the board of directors of the such corporation before the
acquisition, and (ii) a merger effected in compliance with the FBCA if the
publicly held Florida corporation is a party to the merger agreement, the
provisions of the Control Share Acquisition Statute are not applicable to the
Offer or to the Merger. At the October 22, 2002 meeting of the Company's Board
of Directors, by unanimous vote of all directors, the Company's Board of
Directors approved the acquisition of the Subject Shares (as defined in the
Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements) pursuant to the Shareholder Tender and
Voting Agreements, the acquisition of Shares pursuant to the Offer, and the
Merger Agreement.

     Short-Form Merger.  Section 607.1104 of the FBCA provides that, if a parent
corporation owns at least 80% of the outstanding shares of each class of a
subsidiary corporation, the merger of the subsidiary corporation into another
80% owned subsidiary of the parent corporation may be effected by a plan of
merger adopted by the board of directors of the parent corporation and the
appropriate filings with the Florida Department of State, without the approval
of the shareholders of the subsidiary corporation (a "short-form merger"). In
accordance with the FBCA, if Purchaser acquires at least 80% of the outstanding
Shares, Purchaser will be able to effect the Merger without a vote of the other
shareholders of the Company. In such event, the Company has agreed in the Merger
Agreement to take, at the request of Purchaser, all necessary and appropriate
action to cause the Merger to become effective after such acquisition without a
meeting of the Company's shareholders.

     State Takeover Statutes.  A number of states have adopted laws which
purport, to varying degrees, to apply to attempts to acquire corporations that
are incorporated in, or which have substantial assets, shareholders, principal
executive offices or principal places of business or whose business operations
otherwise have substantial economic effects in, such states. The Company,
directly or through subsidiaries, conducts business in a number of states
throughout the United States, some of which have enacted such laws. Except as
described herein, we do not know whether any of these laws will, by their terms,
apply to the Offer or the Merger and have not complied with any such laws. To
the extent that certain provisions of these laws purport to apply to the Offer
or the Merger we believe that there are reasonable bases for contesting such
laws.

     In 1982, in Edgar v. MITE Corp., the Supreme Court of the United States
invalidated on constitutional grounds the Illinois Business Takeover Statute
which, as a matter of state securities law, made takeovers of corporations
meeting certain requirements more difficult. However, in 1987 in CTS Corp. v.
Dynamics Corp. of America, the Supreme Court held that the State of Indiana
could, as a matter of corporate law, constitutionally disqualify a potential
acquiror from voting shares of a target corporation without the prior approval
of the remaining stockholders where, among other things, the corporation is
incorporated, and has a substantial number of stockholders, in the state.
Subsequently, in TLX Acquisition Corp. v. Telex Corp., a Federal District Court
in Oklahoma ruled that the Oklahoma statutes were unconstitutional insofar as
they apply to corporations incorporated outside Oklahoma in that they would
subject such corporations to inconsistent regulations. Similarly, in Tyson
Foods, Inc. v. McReynolds, a Federal District Court in Tennessee ruled that four
Tennessee takeover statutes were unconstitutional as applied to corporations
incorporated outside Tennessee. This decision was affirmed by the United States
Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. In December 1988, a Federal District
Court in Florida held in Grand Metropolitan PLC v. Butterworth, that the

provisions of the Florida Affiliated Transactions Act and the Florida Control
Share Acquisition Act were unconstitutional as applied to corporations
incorporated outside of Florida.

     Based on information supplied by the Company and the approval by the Board
of Directors of the Company of the Merger Agreement, the Shareholder Tender and
Voting Agreements, the Merger and the Offer, Purchaser does not believe that any
state takeover statutes or similar laws purport to apply to the Offer or the
Merger. Neither Purchaser nor Parent has currently complied with any state
takeover statute or regulation other than as set forth in this Offer to
Purchase. If any government official or third party should seek to apply any
state takeover law to the Offer or the Merger or other business combination
between Purchaser or any of its affiliates and the Company, Purchaser will take
such action as then appears desirable, which action may include challenging the
applicability or validity of such statute in appropriate court proceedings. In
the event that it is asserted that one or more state takeover statutes is
applicable to the Offer or the Merger and an appropriate court does not
determine that it is inapplicable or invalid as applied to the Offer or the
Merger, Purchaser might be required to file certain information with, or to
receive approvals from, the relevant state authorities or holders of Shares, and
Purchaser might be unable to accept for payment or pay for Shares tendered
pursuant to the Offer, or be delayed in continuing or consummating the Offer or
the Merger. In such case, Purchaser may not be obligated to accept for payment
or pay for any tendered Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     Antitrust.  Under the HSR Act, and the rules that have been promulgated
thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC"), certain acquisition
transactions may not be consummated unless certain information has been
furnished to the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the "Antitrust
Division") and the FTC and certain waiting period requirements have been
satisfied.

     A Notification and Report Form with respect to the Offer is expected to be
filed under the HSR Act on or about October 28, 2002, and the waiting period
with respect to the Offer under the HSR Act will expire at 11:59 P.M., New York
City time, on the fifteenth day after such Notification and Report Form is
filed. Before such time, however, either the FTC or the Antitrust Division may
extend the waiting period by requesting additional information or material from
Purchaser. If such request is made, the waiting period will expire at 11:59
P.M., New York City time, on the tenth calendar day after Purchaser has
substantially complied with such request. Thereafter, the waiting period may be
extended only by court order or with Purchaser's consent.

     The FTC and the Antitrust Division frequently scrutinize the legality under
the antitrust laws of transactions such as Purchaser's acquisition of Shares
pursuant to the Offer and the Merger. At any time before or after Purchaser's
acquisition of Shares, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take such action
under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public
interest, including seeking to enjoin the acquisition of Shares pursuant to the
Offer or otherwise or seeking divestiture of Shares acquired by Purchaser or
divestiture of substantial assets of Parent or its subsidiaries. Private
parties, as well as state governments, may also bring legal action under the
antitrust laws under certain circumstances. Based upon an examination of
publicly available information relating to the businesses in which Parent and
the Company are engaged, Parent and Purchaser believe that the acquisition of
Shares by Purchaser will not violate the antitrust laws. Nevertheless, there can
be no assurance that a challenge to the Offer or other acquisition of Shares by
Purchaser on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is made,
of the result. See Section 13 -- "Certain Conditions of the Offer," including
conditions with respect to litigation and certain governmental actions.

     In addition to the United States, the antitrust and competition laws of
other countries may apply to the Offer and the Merger and additional filings and
notifications may be required. Parent and the Company are reviewing whether any
such filings are required and intend to make such filings promptly to the extent
required.

     Federal Reserve Board Regulations.  Regulations G, U and X (the "Margin
Regulations") of the Federal Reserve Board restrict the extension or maintenance
of credit for the purpose of buying or carrying margin stock, including the
Shares, if the credit is secured directly or indirectly by margin stock. Such
secured credit may not be extended or maintained in an amount that exceeds the
maximum loan value of all the direct

and indirect collateral securing the credit, including margin stock and other
collateral. All financing for the Offer will be structured so as to be in full
compliance with the Margin Regulations.

15.  FEES AND EXPENSES

     Except as set forth below, neither Purchaser nor Parent will pay any fees
or commissions to any broker, dealer or other person for soliciting tenders of
Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     Parent and Purchaser have retained D.F. King & Co., Inc. to act as the
Information Agent, Mellon Investor Services LLC to act as Depositary and Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc. to act as the Dealer Manager in connection with the Offer.
Such firms will each receive reasonable and customary compensation for their
services. Parent and Purchaser have also agreed to reimburse such firms for
certain reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify each such firm
against certain liabilities in connection with their services, including certain
liabilities under federal securities laws.

     Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to any broker or dealer or
other person (other than the Information Agent, Depository and the Dealer
Manager) for making solicitations or recommendations in connection with the
Offer. Brokers, dealers, banks and trust companies will be reimbursed by
Purchaser for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by them in
forwarding material to their customers.

16.  MISCELLANEOUS

     The Offer is being made to all holders of Shares other than the Company.
Purchaser is not aware of any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or
the tender of Shares in connection therewith would not be in compliance with the
laws of such jurisdiction. If Purchaser becomes aware of any jurisdiction in
which the making of the Offer would not be in compliance with applicable law,
Purchaser will make a good faith effort to comply with any such law. If, after
such good faith effort, Purchaser cannot comply with any such law, the Offer
will not be made to (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of) the
holders of Shares residing in such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where the
securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed
broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of Purchaser by
one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such
jurisdiction.

     NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATION ON BEHALF OF PARENT OR PURCHASER NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED.

     We have filed with the SEC the Schedule TO pursuant to Rule 14d-3 under the
Exchange Act furnishing certain additional information with respect to the
Offer. The Schedule TO and any amendments thereto, including exhibits, may be
examined and copies may be obtained from the offices of the SEC and the Nasdaq
National Market in the manner set forth in Section 8 -- "Certain Information
Concerning the Company" of this Offer to Purchase (except that they will not be
available at the regional offices of the SEC).

Prince Merger Corporation
October 28, 2002

                                                                      SCHEDULE I

                        DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
                                       OF
                           PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION
                                      AND
                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

1.  PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION

     Set forth below is the name, business address and present principal
occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or
employments for the past five years, of each director and executive officer of
the Prince Merger Corporation. Unless otherwise indicated, (a) each such person
is a citizen of the U.S., and (b) the business address of each such person is
c/o DRS Technologies, Inc. 5 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, NJ 07054.

                                          PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND ADDRESS                      MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- ----------------                      --------------------------------------------------

Mark S. Newman...................  Mr. Newman has been a Director and the President of
                                   Prince Merger Corporation since its formation on October
                                   17, 2002. Mr. Newman has been Chairman of the Board since
                                   August 1995 and President and Chief Executive Officer of
                                   DRS Technologies, Inc. since May 1994. Mr. Newman joined
                                   DRS Technologies, Inc. in 1973 and has been a director
                                   since 1988. Mr. Newman serves as Vice Chairman on the
                                   board of directors of the American Electronics
                                   Association, and is a director on the boards of the New
                                   Jersey Technology Council, SSG Precision Optronics, Inc.,
                                   Opticare Health Systems, Inc. and Congoleum Corporation,
                                   where he chairs the Audit Committee. Mr. Newman also
                                   serves on the Board of Governors of the Aerospace
                                   Industries Association of America.
Richard A. Schneider.............  Mr. Schneider has been the Vice President and Treasurer
                                   of Prince Merger Corporation since its formation on
                                   October 17, 2002. Mr. Schneider has been Executive Vice
                                   President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of DRS
                                   Technologies, Inc. since 1999. He held similar positions
                                   at NAI Technologies, Inc. (NAI) from November 1988 until
                                   February 1999 and was a member of its board of directors
                                   from 1996 until February 1999, when it was acquired by
                                   DRS Technologies. Mr. Schneider has over 25 years of
                                   experience in corporate financial management, including
                                   ten years with NAI.
Nina Laserson Dunn...............  Ms. Dunn has been a Director, and the Vice President and
                                   Secretary of Prince Merger Corporation since its
                                   formation on October 17, 2002. Ms. Dunn has been
                                   Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
                                   of DRS Technologies, Inc. since July 1997. From July 1993
                                   until June 1997, Ms. Dunn was a Director in the corporate
                                   law department of Hannoch Weisman, a Professional
                                   Corporation, where she served as DRS Technologies, Inc.'s
                                   outside legal counsel. Ms. Dunn is admitted to practice
                                   law in New York and New Jersey and is a member of the
                                   American, New York State and New Jersey State Bar
                                   Associations.

2.  DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

     Set forth below is the name, business address and present principal
occupation or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or
employments for the past five years, of the directors and executive officers of
DRS Technologies, Inc. Unless otherwise indicated, (a) each such person is a
citizen of the U.S., and (b) the business address of each such person is c/o DRS
Technologies, Inc. 5 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, NJ 07054.

                                          PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND ADDRESS                      MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- ----------------                      --------------------------------------------------

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Mark S. Newman...................  See Part 1 of this Schedule I
Richard A. Schneider.............  See Part 1 of this Schedule I
Paul G. Casner, Jr. .............  Mr. Casner has been Executive Vice President and Chief
                                   Operating Officer of DRS Technologies, Inc. since May
                                   2000. Mr. Casner joined DRS Technologies, Inc. in 1993 as
                                   President of Technology Applications and Service Company,
                                   now DRS Electronic Systems, Inc. From 1994 until 1998,
                                   Mr. Casner was one of DRS Technologies, Inc.'s Vice
                                   Presidents and President of the DRS Electronic Systems
                                   Group. Thereafter, Mr. Casner was Executive Vice
                                   President, Operations from 1998 until 2000. Mr. Casner
                                   has over 30 years of experience in the defense
                                   electronics industry and has held positions in
                                   engineering, marketing and general management. Mr. Casner
                                   is a director of ACE-COMM Corporation and Mikros Systems
                                   Corporation.
Nina Laserson Dunn...............  See Part 1 of this Schedule I
Robert F. Mehmel.................  Mr. Mehmel has been Executive Vice President, Business
                                   Operations and Strategy since January 2001. Before
                                   joining DRS Technologies, Inc., he was Director,
                                   Corporate Development, at Jabil Circuit, Inc. from July
                                   2000 until December 2000. Prior to that, he was Vice
                                   President, Planning, at L-3 Communications Corporation
                                   from its inception in April 1997 until June 2000.
                                   Earlier, Mr. Mehmel held various positions in divisional
                                   and corporate financial management with Lockheed Martin
                                   Corporation from April 1996 until April 1997, with Loral
                                   Corporation from September 1984 until March 1996 and with
                                   Lear Siegler, Inc. from June 1982 until August 1994.
DIRECTORS
Mark S. Newman...................  See Part 1 of this Schedule I
Ira Albom........................  Mr. Albom has been a director of DRS Technologies, Inc.
630 W. Germantown Pike, Ste. 450   since February 1997. Additionally, Mr. Albom has been
Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462         employed since 1977 by Teleflex, Inc., a defense and
                                   aerospace company, and has been Senior Vice President at
                                   Teleflex since 1987. Mr. Albom has over forty years of
                                   operations and management experience in the defense and
                                   aerospace industry. Since 1987, he has been actively
                                   involved in leading diligence teams and negotiating terms
                                   of mergers and acquisitions, as well as negotiating major
                                   contracts for Teleflex's Defense/Aerospace Group. Mr.
                                   Albom also serves as a director of Klune Industries, Inc.

                                          PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND ADDRESS                      MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- ----------------                      --------------------------------------------------

Donald C. Fraser.................  Mr. Fraser has been a director of DRS Technologies, Inc.
8 St Mary's Street                 since 1993. He currently serves as Director of the Boston
Boston, MA 02215                   University Photonics Center since November 1993 and as
                                   Professor of Engineering and Physics at that university
                                   since November 1993. From 1991 until 1993, Mr. Fraser was
                                   the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense,
                                   Acquisition, with primary responsibility for managing the
                                   Department of Defense acquisition process, including
                                   setting policy and executing programs. He also served as
                                   Deputy Director of Operational Test and Evaluation for
                                   Command, Control, Communication and Intelligence from
                                   1990 to 1991, a position which included top level
                                   management and oversight of the operational test and
                                   evaluation of all major Department of Defense
                                   communication, command and control, intelligence,
                                   electronic warfare, space and information management
                                   system programs. From 1981 to 1988, Dr. Fraser was
                                   employed as Vice President, Technical Operations at
                                   Charles Stark Draper Laboratory and, from 1988 to 1990,
                                   as its Executive Vice President.
William F. Heitmann..............  Mr. Heitmann has been a director of DRS Technologies,
1095 Avenue of the Americas        Inc. since February 1997. Mr. Heitmann is currently
New York, NY 10036                 Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Verizon
                                   Communications, Inc. since July 2000. He has been
                                   employed by Verizon Communications, Inc. since its
                                   formation in June 2000 through the merger of Bell
                                   Atlantic Corp. and GTE Corp. He was employed by Bell
                                   Atlantic Corp. and its predecessors since 1971, serving
                                   as a Vice President from 1996 until July 2000 and as
                                   Treasurer from June 1999 until July 2000. Previously, he
                                   was Chief Investment Officer of NYNEX Asset Management
                                   Company from March 1991 until September 1995 and of Bell
                                   Atlantic Asset Management Company from June 1996 until
                                   July 2000. Mr. Heitmann has also served as Chairman of
                                   Bell Atlantic Credit Company (BACC) from September 1997
                                   until December 1998 and as Chairman and Chief Executive
                                   Officer from December 1998 until July 2000. Mr. Heitmann
                                   currently serves as Chairman of Verizon Capital Corp.
                                   since July 2000. He also serves as Director of Exchange
                                   Indemnity Corp since October 1996 and of GTE Reinsurance
                                   since November 2000. Mr. Heitmann is a member of the Real
                                   Estate Advisory Board of the New York Common Fund and The
                                   Financial Executives Institute and a Director of its New
                                   York City chapter.

                                          PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND ADDRESS                      MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- ----------------                      --------------------------------------------------

Steven S. Honigman...............  Mr. Honigman has been a director of DRS Technologies,
40 West 57th Street                Inc. since 1998. Mr. Honigman has been a partner of the
New York, NY 10019                 law firm of Thelen Reid & Priest LLP since August 1998.
                                   Previously, he served as General Counsel to the
                                   Department of the Navy from 1993 until 1998. As chief
                                   legal officer of the Department of the Navy and the
                                   principal legal advisor to the Secretary of the Navy, Mr.
                                   Honigman was recognized as a leader in acquisition
                                   reform, procurement related litigation and the
                                   accomplishment of national security objectives in the
                                   context of environmental compliance. He also exercised
                                   Secretariat oversight of the Naval Criminal Investigative
                                   Service and served as the Department's Designated Agency
                                   Ethics Officer and Contractor Suspension and Department
                                   Official from 1993 until 1998. For his service, Mr.
                                   Honigman received the Department of the Navy
                                   Distinguished Public Service Award. Prior to that, he was
                                   a partner of the law firm of Miller, Singer, Raives &
                                   Brandes from 1982 until 1993. Mr. Honigman also serves as
                                   a director of The Wornick Company, a producer of combat
                                   rations for the Department of Defense.
C. Shelton James.................  Mr. James has been a director of DRS Technologies, Inc
310 East Royal Palm Rd.            since February 1999. Mr. James is currently President of
Boca Raton, FL 33432               C.S. James Associates, business advisors, and has served
                                   in that position since May 2000. From December 2001 until
                                   July 2002 Mr. James was Chief Executive Officer of
                                   Technisource, Inc., a provider of information technology
                                   staffing, outsourced solutions and computer systems.
                                   Until June 1999, he served as President of Fundamental
                                   Management Corporation, an investment management company.
                                   Additionally, from May 1992 until February 2000, Mr.
                                   James was Chairman of the Board of Elcotel, Inc., a
                                   public communications company. He serves as a director of
                                   Concurrent Computer Systems, Inc., SK Technologies, CSPI,
                                   Inc. and Technisource, Inc.
Mark N. Kaplan...................  Mr. Kaplan has been a director of DRS Technologies, Inc.
Four Times Square                  since 1986. Mr. Kaplan was a member of the law firm of
New York, NY 10036                 Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP from 1979 to
                                   1998 and is now of counsel to the firm. Mr. Kaplan also
                                   serves as a director of American Biltrite Inc., Autobytel
                                   Inc., Grey Advertising Inc., REFAC Technology Inc.,
                                   Congoleum Corporation and Volt Information Sciences, Inc.
Stuart F. Platt..................  Mr. Platt has been a director of DRS Technologies, Inc
14679 Henderson Road NE            since 1991. From May 1994 until 1999, he served as a Vice
Bainbridge Island, WA 98110        President and also as the President of our Data Systems
                                   Group. Admiral Platt also served as President of our
                                   wholly owned subsidiary, DRS Precision Echo, Inc. from
                                   July 1992 to August 1998. Mr. Platt has been Chairman of
                                   The Wornick Company, a producer of combat rations for the
                                   Department of Defense, since 2000 and Chairman of CDCOM,
                                   a Washington State based data storage company, since
                                   1999. Admiral Platt held various high level positions as
                                   a military officer in the Department of the Navy,
                                   retiring as Competition Advocate General of the Navy in
                                   1987. He has also served as Chairman of The Historic
                                   Battleship Society since 1996 and Chairman of Hydro Wing
                                   Hawaii since 2000.

                                          PRESENT PRINCIPAL OCCUPATION OR EMPLOYMENT;
NAME AND ADDRESS                      MATERIAL POSITIONS HELD DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS
- ----------------                      --------------------------------------------------

Dennis J. Reimer.................  Mr. Reimer has been a director of DRS Technologies, Inc.
P.O. Box 889                       since 2000. He has served as Director of the National
204 North Robinson, Suite 1404     Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism,
Oklahoma City, OK 73101            located in Oklahoma City, OK, since April 2000. General
                                   Reimer served as the 33rd Chief of Staff, U.S. Army, from
                                   June 20, 1995 until June 21, 1999. Prior to that, he was
                                   Commanding General of United States Army Forces Command,
                                   Fort McPherson, Georgia, from August 1, 1999 until March
                                   31, 2000. Additionally, General Reimer has served as
                                   Distinguished Fellow of the Association of the U.S. Army
                                   since 1999. He is a member of the Editorial Board of the
                                   Armed Forces Journal and the Advisory Committee for Media
                                   and Security of the Fund for Peace Project. General
                                   Reimer also serves as a director of Microvision, Inc.,
                                   Mutual of America and Plato Learning, Inc.
Eric J. Rosen....................  Mr. Rosen has been a director of DRS Technologies, Inc.
712 5th Ave FL 40                  since August 1998. He is a Managing Director of Onex
New York, NY 10019-4108            Investment Corp. since 1992 and has been with Onex
                                   Investment Corp. since 1989. Previously, he worked at
                                   Kidder, Peabody & Co. in both the Mergers and
                                   Acquisitions group from 1983 until 1985 and the Merchant
                                   Banking group from 1987 until 1989. Mr. Rosen also serves
                                   as a director of Dura Automotive Systems. Mr. Rosen and
                                   Mark S. Newman, our Chairman of the Board, President and
                                   Chief Executive Officer, are first cousins.

     Facsimile copies of the Letter of Transmittal, properly completed and duly
signed, will be accepted. The Letter of Transmittal, certificates for Shares and
any other required documents should be sent or delivered by each shareholder of
the Company or his broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other
nominee to the Depositary, at one of the addresses set forth below:

                          Depositary for the Offer is:

                          MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC

BY MAIL                     BY HAND                       BY OVERNIGHT DELIVERY
Mellon Investor Services    Mellon Investor Services LLC  Mellon Investor Services LLC
LLC                         120 Broadway, 13th Floor      85 Challenger Road
P.O. Box 3301               New York, NY 10271            Mail Stop-Reorg
South Hackensack, NJ 07606                                Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660
                                                          Attn: Reorganization Department

   BY FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION:     CONFIRM RECEIPT OF FACSIMILE
(FOR ELIGIBLE INSTITUTIONS ONLY)         BY TELEPHONE:
         (201) 296-4293                  (201) 296-4860

     Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of this Offer to
Purchase, the Letter of Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification on Substitute Form W-9
may be directed to the Information Agent at the locations and telephone numbers
set forth below. Shareholders may also contact Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., Dealer
Manager for the Offer, or their broker, dealer, commercial bank or trust company
for assistance concerning the Offer.

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                             D.F. KING & CO., INC.

                                77 Water Street
                               New York, NY 10005

                Banks and Brokers (Call Collect): (212) 269-5550

                   All Others Call Toll-Free: (800) 628-8532

                      The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:

                            BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.

                               383 Madison Avenue
                               New York, NY 10179

                         Call Toll-Free (866) 413-0658

EX-99.A.1.B

y64755texv99waw1wb.txt

FORM OF LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                             LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL

                                   TO TENDER

                             SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 PARAVANT INC.

                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                             DATED OCTOBER 28, 2002

                                       BY

                           PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION
                          A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

         THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT,
NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                         MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC.

        By First Class Mail:                        By Hand:                      By Overnight, Certified or
                                                                                        Express Mail:
    Mellon Investor Services LLC          Mellon Investor Services LLC           Mellon Investor Services LLC
           P.O. BOX 3301                    120 Broadway, 13th Floor                  85 Challenger Road
     South Hackensack, NJ 07606                New York, NY 10271                      Mail Stop-Reorg
                                                                                  Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660
                                                                               Attn: Reorganization Department

                           By Facsimile Transmission:
                        (For Eligible Institutions Only)
                                 (201) 296-4293
                         Conform Receipt by Telephone:
                                 (201) 296-4860

     DELIVERY OF THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS SET
FORTH ABOVE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY. YOU MUST SIGN THIS LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL IN THE APPROPRIATE SPACE PROVIDED THEREFOR AND COMPLETE THE
SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 PROVIDED BELOW.

     THE INSTRUCTIONS ACCOMPANYING THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL SHOULD BE READ
CAREFULLY BEFORE THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS COMPLETED.

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                             DESCRIPTION OF SHARES TENDERED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                  NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES)
                  OF REGISTERED HOLDER(S)
                 (PLEASE FILL IN, IF BLANK,
                EXACTLY AS NAME(S) APPEAR(S)                           SHARE CERTIFICATES AND SHARES TENDERED
                   ON SHARE CERTIFICATES)                           (ATTACH ADDITIONAL SIGNED LIST IF NECESSARY)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                    TOTAL NUMBER
                                                                                      OF SHARES            NUMBER
                                                                    SHARE             EVIDENCED           OF SHARES
                                                                 CERTIFICATE          BY SHARE           TENDERED**
                                                                 NUMBER(S)*        CERTIFICATE(S)*   -------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------

                                                             ------------------------------------------------------
                                                                Total Shares
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 * Need not be completed by shareholders delivering Shares by Book-Entry
   Transfer.
** Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares evidenced by
   each Share Certificate delivered to the Depositary are being tendered hereby.
   See Instruction 4.

     This Letter of Transmittal is to be used either if certificates are to be
forwarded herewith or if delivery of Shares (as defined below) is to be made by
book-entry transfer to an account maintained by the Depositary at The Depository
Trust Company (the "Book-Entry Transfer Facility") pursuant to the procedures
set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase (as defined below). Delivery of
documents to the Book-Entry Transfer Facility does not constitute delivery to
the Depositary. Shareholders who deliver Shares by book-entry transfer are
referred to herein as "Book-Entry Shareholders" and other shareholders are
referred to herein as "Certificate Shareholders."

     Shareholders whose certificates evidencing Shares ("Share Certificates")
are not immediately available or who cannot deliver their Share Certificates and
all other documents required hereby to the Depositary or complete the procedures
for book-entry transfer prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in Section 1 of
the Offer to Purchase) must tender their Shares according to the guaranteed
delivery procedure set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. See
Instruction 2.

[ ]    CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED BY BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER
       MADE TO AN ACCOUNT MAINTAINED BY THE DEPOSITARY AT THE BOOK-ENTRY
       TRANSFER FACILITY AND COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING (ONLY PARTICIPANTS IN THE
       SYSTEM OF THE BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER FACILITY MAY DELIVER SHARES BY
       BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER):

     Name of Tendering Institution:

     Account Number:

     Transaction Code Number:

[ ]    CHECK HERE IF TENDERED SHARES ARE BEING DELIVERED PURSUANT TO A NOTICE OF
       GUARANTEED DELIVERY PREVIOUSLY SENT TO THE DEPOSITARY AND COMPLETE THE
       FOLLOWING:

     Name(s) of Registered Holder(s):

     Window Ticket No. (if any):

     Date of Execution of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery:

     Name of Institution which Guaranteed Delivery:

     Account Number (if delivered by Book-Entry Transfer):

     Transaction Code Number:

[ ]    CHECK HERE IF ANY OF YOUR SHARE CERTIFICATES HAVE BEEN LOST, DESTROYED OR
       STOLEN AND CALL CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER AND TRUST CO. AT (212)
       509-4000 TO OBTAIN AN AFFIDAVIT OF LOSS. SEE INSTRUCTION 10.

     Number of Shares represented by lost, destroyed or stolen Share
Certificates:

               BOXES ABOVE FOR USE BY ELIGIBLE INSTITUTIONS ONLY.

                    NOTE: SIGNATURES MUST BE PROVIDED BELOW.
              PLEASE READ THE ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Prince Merger Corporation, a Florida
corporation (the "Purchaser"), and a wholly owned subsidiary of DRS
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), the above-described
shares of Common Stock, par value $0.015 per share (the "Shares"), pursuant to
Purchaser's offer to purchase all outstanding Shares at a price of $4.75 per
Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions
set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated October 28, 2002 (the "Offer to
Purchase"), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and in this Letter of
Transmittal (which, together with the Offer to Purchase and any amendments or
supplements hereto or thereto, constitute the "Offer"). The undersigned
understands that Purchaser reserves the right to transfer or assign, in whole or
in part from time to time, to Parent or any affiliate of Parent, the right to
purchase Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer.

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension
or amendment), effective upon acceptance for payment of and payment for the
Shares tendered herewith, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers
to, or upon the order of Purchaser, all right, title and interest in and to all
the Shares that are being tendered hereby (and any and all other Shares or other
securities issued or issuable in respect thereof (collectively,
"Distributions")), and irrevocably constitutes and appoints the Depositary the
true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of the undersigned with respect to
such Shares and all Distributions, with full power of substitution (such power
of attorney being deemed to be an irrevocable power coupled with an interest),
to (a) deliver certificates for such Shares and all Distributions, or transfer
ownership of such Shares and all Distributions on the account books maintained
by the Book-Entry Transfer Facility, together, in any such case, with all
accompanying evidences of transfer and authenticity, to or upon the order of
Purchaser, upon receipt by the Depositary, as the undersigned's agent, of the
purchase price (adjusted, if appropriate, as provided in the Offer to Purchase),
(b) present such Shares and all Distributions for cancellation and transfer on
the Company's books and (c) receive all benefits and otherwise exercise all
rights of beneficial ownership of such Shares and all Distributions, all in
accordance with the terms of the Offer.

     The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the undersigned has
full power and authority to tender, sell, assign and transfer the tendered
Shares and all Distributions and that, when the same are accepted for payment by
the Purchaser, Purchaser will acquire good, marketable and unencumbered title
thereto, free and clear of all liens, restrictions, claims, charges and
encumbrances, and the same will not be subject to any adverse claims. The
undersigned will, upon request, execute any signature guarantees or additional
documents deemed by the Depositary or the Purchaser to be necessary or desirable
to complete the sale, assignment and transfer of the tendered Shares and all
Distributions. In addition, the undersigned shall promptly remit and transfer to
the Depositary for the account of the Purchaser any such Distributions issued to
the undersigned, in respect of the tendered Shares, accompanied by documentation
of transfer, and pending such remittance or appropriate assurance thereof,
Purchaser shall be entitled to all rights and privileges as owner of any such
Distributions and, subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement (as defined in
the Offer to Purchase), may withhold the entire purchase price or deduct from
the purchase price the amount or value thereof, as determined by Purchaser, in
its sole discretion.

     All authority conferred or agreed to be conferred in this Letter of
Transmittal shall be binding upon the successors, assigns, heirs, executors,
administrators and legal representatives of the undersigned and shall not be
affected by, and shall survive, the death or incapacity of the undersigned.
Except as stated in the Offer to Purchase, this tender is irrevocable.

     The undersigned hereby irrevocably appoints Mark S. Newman and Nina
Laserson Dunn, and each of them, acting unanimously if more than one be present,
and any other designees of Purchaser, the attorneys and proxies of the
undersigned, each with full power of substitution, to vote at any annual,
special or adjourned meeting of the Company's shareholders or otherwise act in
such manner as each such attorney and proxy or his or her substitute shall in
his or her sole discretion deem proper and to otherwise act with respect to all
the Shares tendered hereby which have been accepted for payment by Purchaser
prior to the time any such vote or action is taken (and any and all
Distributions issued or issuable in respect thereof) and with respect to which
the undersigned is entitled to vote. This appointment is effective when, and
only to the extent that, the Purchaser accepts for payment such Shares as
provided in the Offer to Purchase.

     This power of attorney and proxy is coupled with an interest in the
tendered Shares, is irrevocable and is granted in consideration of the
acceptance for payment of such Shares in accordance with the terms of the Offer.
Such acceptance for payment shall revoke all prior powers of attorney and
proxies given by the undersigned at any time with respect to such Shares and no
subsequent powers of attorney or proxies may be given by the undersigned (and,
if given, will not be

deemed effective). Purchaser reserves the right to require that, in order for
Shares to be deemed validly tendered, immediately upon Purchaser's acceptance
for payment of such Shares, Purchaser must be able to exercise full voting and
other rights with respect to such Shares, including voting at any shareholders'
meeting then scheduled.

     The undersigned understands that the valid tender of Shares to Purchaser
pursuant to any one of the procedures described in Section 3 of the Offer to
Purchase and in the instructions hereto will constitute a binding agreement
between the undersigned and Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer. The undersigned recognizes that under certain
circumstances set forth in the Offer to Purchase, Purchaser may not be required
to accept for payment any of the tendered Shares. Purchaser's acceptance for
payment of Shares pursuant to the Offer will constitute a binding agreement
between the undersigned and Purchaser upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Offer.

     Unless otherwise indicated herein under "Special Payment Instructions,"
please issue the check for the purchase price of any Shares purchased, and/or
return any certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for payment, in the
name(s) of the registered holder(s) appearing under "Description of Shares
Tendered." Similarly, unless otherwise indicated under "Special Delivery
Instructions," please mail the check for the purchase price of any Shares
purchased, and/or any certificates for Shares not tendered or accepted for
payment (and accompanying documents, as appropriate), to the address(es) of the
registered holder(s) appearing under "Description of Shares Tendered." In the
event that both the Special Delivery Instructions and the Special Payment
Instructions are completed, please issue the check for the purchase price of any
Shares purchased, and/or return any certificates for Shares not tendered or
accepted for payment in the name(s) of, and mail said check and/or any
certificates to, the person or persons so indicated. In the case of a book-
entry delivery of Shares, please credit the account maintained at the Book-Entry
Transfer Facility indicated above with any Shares not accepted for payment. The
undersigned recognizes that Purchaser has no obligation pursuant to the Special
Payment Instructions to transfer any Shares from the name of the registered
holder(s) thereof if Purchaser does not accept for payment any of the Shares so
tendered.

                          SPECIAL PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

     To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Shares or Share
Certificates evidencing Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be issued in
the name of someone other than the undersigned.

Issue check and/or certificate(s) to:

Name: --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Address: -----------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION OR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER
                           (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)

                         SPECIAL DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS
                        (SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1, 5, 6 AND 7)

     To be completed ONLY if the check for the purchase price of Shares or Share
Certificates evidencing Shares not tendered or not purchased are to be issued in
the name of someone other than the undersigned, or to the undersigned at an
address other than that shown under "Description of Shares Tendered."

Mail check and/or certificate(s) to:

Name: --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Address: -----------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION OR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER
                           (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9)

                                  INSTRUCTIONS

             FORMING PART OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER

     1.  Guarantee of Signatures.  Except as otherwise provided below, all
signatures on this Letter of Transmittal must be guaranteed by a financial
institution (including most commercial banks, savings and loan associations and
brokerage houses) that is a participant in the Security Transfer Agent's
Medallion Program, the New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Guarantee
Program or the Stock Exchange Medallion Program (each an "Eligible Institution,"
and collectively, "Eligible Institutions"). No signature guarantee is required
on this Letter of Transmittal (i) if this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the
registered holder(s) (which term, for purposes of this document, shall include
any participant in the Book-Entry Transfer Facility whose name appears on a
security position listing as the owner of Shares) of Shares tendered herewith,
unless such holder(s) has completed either the box entitled "Special Delivery
Instructions" or the box entitled "Special Payment Instructions" in this Letter
of Transmittal or (ii) if such Shares are tendered for the account of an
Eligible Institution. See Instruction 5.

     2.  Delivery of Letter of Transmittal and Certificates; Guaranteed Delivery
Procedures.  This Letter of Transmittal is to be completed by shareholders
either if Share Certificates are to be forwarded herewith or if a tender of
Shares is to be made pursuant to the procedures for delivery by book-entry
transfer set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. For Shares to be
validly tendered pursuant to the Offer, either (i) a properly completed and duly
executed Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), together with any
required signature guarantees, or in the case of a book-entry transfer, an
Agent's Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), and any other required
documents, must be received by the Depositary at one of the Depositary's
addresses set forth herein prior to the Expiration Date (as defined in the Offer
to Purchase) and either certificates for tendered Shares must be received by the
Depositary at one of such addresses or such Shares must be delivered pursuant to
the procedures for book-entry transfer (and a Book-Entry Confirmation received
by the Depositary), in each case, prior to the Expiration Date, or (ii) the
tendering shareholder must comply with the guaranteed delivery procedure set
forth below.

     Shareholders whose Share Certificates are not immediately available or who
cannot complete the procedures for book-entry transfer on a timely basis, or if
time will not permit all required documents to reach the Depositary prior to the
Expiration Date, may tender their Shares pursuant to the guaranteed delivery
procedure set forth in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase. Pursuant to such
procedures, (i) such tender must be made by or through an Eligible Institution,
(ii) a properly completed and duly executed Notice of Guaranteed Delivery,
substantially in the form provided by the Purchaser (or facsimile thereof), must
be received by the Depositary prior to the Expiration Date and (iii) the
certificates for (or a Book-Entry Confirmation with respect to) such Shares,
together with this properly completed and duly executed Letter of Transmittal
(or facsimile thereof), with any required signature guarantees, or, in the case
of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's Message, and any other required documents
are received by the Depositary within three trading days after the date of
execution of such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, all as provided in Section 3 of
the Offer to Purchase. A "trading day" is any day on which the National
Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System, Inc. is open for
business. The Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand to the
Depositary or transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the
Depositary and must include a guarantee by an Eligible Institution in the form
set forth in such Notice of Guaranteed Delivery.

     THE METHOD OF DELIVERY OF SHARE CERTIFICATES, THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL
AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS, INCLUDING DELIVERY THROUGH A BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER FACILITY, IS AT THE ELECTION AND RISK OF THE TENDERING SHAREHOLDER.
SHARE CERTIFICATES WILL BE DEEMED DELIVERED ONLY WHEN ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY THE
DEPOSITARY (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF A BOOK-ENTRY TRANSFER, BY BOOK-ENTRY
CONFIRMATION). IF DELIVERY IS BY MAIL, REGISTERED MAIL WITH RETURN RECEIPT
REQUESTED, PROPERLY INSURED, IS RECOMMENDED. IN ALL CASES, SUFFICIENT TIME
SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY.

     No alternative, conditional or contingent tenders will be accepted and no
fractional Shares will be purchased. All tendering shareholders, by execution of
this Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), waive any right to receive
any notice of the acceptance of their Shares for payment.

     3.  Inadequate Space.  If the space provided herein under "Description of
Shares Tendered" is inadequate, the Share Certificate numbers and/or the number
of Shares evidenced by such Share Certificates and the number of Shares tendered
should be listed on a separate schedule attached hereto.

     4.  Partial Tenders.  If fewer than all the Shares evidenced by any Share
Certificate delivered to the Depositary herewith are to be tendered, fill in the
number of Shares which are to be tendered in the box entitled "Number of Shares
Tendered." In such case, new Share Certificate(s) for the remainder of the
Shares that were evidenced by the Share Certificate(s) delivered to the
Depositary herewith will be sent to the person(s) signing this Letter of
Transmittal, unless otherwise provided in the box entitled "Special Delivery
Instructions" on page 5, as soon as practicable after the expiration or
termination of the Offer. All Shares represented by Share Certificates delivered
to the Depositary will be deemed to have been tendered unless otherwise
indicated.

     5.  Signatures on Letter of Transmittal, Stock Powers and Endorsements.  If
this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered holder(s) of the Shares
tendered hereby, the signature(s) must correspond with the name(s) as written on
the face of the Share Certificate(s) evidencing such Shares without any change
whatsoever.

     If any of the Shares tendered hereby are owned of record by two or more
joint owners, all such owners must sign this Letter of Transmittal.

     If any of the Shares tendered hereby are registered in different names on
several certificates, it will be necessary to complete, sign and submit as many
separate Letters of Transmittal as there are different registrations of such
Shares.

     If this Letter of Transmittal or any Share Certificates or stock powers are
signed by trustees, executors, administrators, guardians, attorneys-in-fact,
officers of corporations or others acting in a fiduciary or representative
capacity, such persons should so indicate when signing, and proper evidence
satisfactory to Purchaser of such person's authority so to act must be
submitted.

     When this Letter of Transmittal is signed by the registered owner(s) of the
Shares listed and tendered hereby, no endorsements of Share Certificates or
separate stock powers are required unless payment or Share Certificates
evidencing Shares not tendered or not accepted for payment are to be issued in
the name of a person other than the registered holder(s), in which case the
Share Certificate(s) evidencing the Shares tendered hereby must be endorsed or
accompanied by appropriate stock powers, in either case signed exactly as the
name(s) of the registered holder(s) appear(s) on such Share Certificate(s).
Signatures on such Share Certificate(s) or stock powers must be guaranteed by an
Eligible Institution. See Instruction 1.

     If this Letter of Transmittal is signed by a person other than the
registered holder(s) of the Shares tendered hereby, the certificates evidencing
the Shares tendered hereby must be endorsed or accompanied by appropriate stock
powers, in either case, signed exactly as the name(s) of the registered
holder(s) appear(s) on such Share Certificates. Signatures on such Share
Certificate(s) or stock powers must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution.
See Instruction 1.

     6.  Stock Transfer Taxes.  Except as set forth in this Instruction 6,
Purchaser will pay, or cause to be paid, any stock transfer taxes with respect
to the transfer and sale of Shares to it or its assignee pursuant to the Offer.
If, however, payment of the purchase price for any Shares is to be made to, or
if Share Certificates evidencing Shares not tendered or accepted for payment are
to be issued in the name of, a person other than the registered holder(s), or if
tendered Share Certificates are registered in the name of a person other than
the person(s) signing this Letter of Transmittal, the amount of any stock
transfer taxes (whether imposed on the registered holder(s), such person or
otherwise) payable on the account of the transfer to such other person will be
deducted from the purchase price of such Shares purchased, unless evidence
satisfactory to Purchaser of the payment of such taxes, or exemption therefrom,
is submitted. Except as provided in this Instruction 6, it will not be necessary
for transfer tax stamps to be affixed to the Share Certificates evidencing the
Shares tendered hereby.

     7.  Special Payment and Delivery Instructions.  If a check is to be issued
in the name of and/or Share Certificates not accepted for payment are to be
returned to a person other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal or if a
check is to be sent and/or such Share Certificates are to be returned to a
person other than the signer of this Letter of Transmittal or to an address
other than that shown in the box entitled "Description of Shares Tendered" on
page 1, the appropriate boxes on page 5 of this Letter of Transmittal should be
completed. Any shareholder tendering Shares by book-entry transfer will have any
Shares not accepted for payment returned by crediting the account maintained by
such shareholder at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility from which such transfer
was made.

     8.  Waiver of Conditions.  Except as otherwise provided in the Offer to
Purchase, Purchaser reserves the absolute right, in its sole discretion, to
waive any of the conditions of the Offer or any defect or irregularity in the
tender of any Shares of any particular shareholder, whether or not similar
defects or irregularities are waived in the case of other shareholders.

     9.  Taxpayer Identification Number and Backup Withholding.  U.S. federal
income tax law generally requires that a shareholder tendering Shares pursuant
to the Offer must provide the Depositary (the "Payor") with his correct Taxpayer
Identification Number ("TIN"), which, in the case of a shareholder who is an
individual, is his social security number. If the Payor is not provided with the
correct TIN or an adequate basis for an exemption, such shareholder may be
subject to a $50 penalty imposed by the Internal Revenue Service and backup
withholding at the rate of 30% (or other applicable percentage) may be imposed
upon the gross proceeds of any payment received hereunder. If withholding
results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund may be obtained.

     To prevent backup withholding, each tendering shareholder must provide his
correct TIN by completing the "Substitute Form W-9" set forth herein, which
requires such shareholder to certify that the TIN provided is correct (or that
such shareholder is awaiting a TIN) and that (i) the shareholder has not been
notified by the Internal Revenue Service that he is subject to backup
withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends or (ii)
the Internal Revenue Service has notified the shareholder that he is no longer
subject to backup withholding.

     Exempt shareholders (including, among others, all corporations and certain
foreign individuals) are not subject to these backup withholding and reporting
requirements. To prevent possible erroneous backup withholding, an exempt
shareholder must enter its correct TIN in Part 1 of Substitute Form W-9, write
"Exempt" in Part 2 of such form, and sign and date the form. See the enclosed
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number of Substitute
Form W-9 (the "W-9 Guidelines") for additional instructions. In order for a
nonresident alien or foreign entity to qualify as exempt, such person must
submit a completed Form W-8BEN signed under penalties of perjury attesting to
such exempt status. Such forms may be obtained from the Payor.

     If Shares are held in more than one name or are not in the name of the
actual owner, consult the W-9 Guidelines for information on which TIN to report.

     If you do not have a TIN, consult the W-9 Guidelines for instructions on
applying for a TIN, write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN in Part 1 of
the Substitute Form W-9, and sign and date the Substitute Form W-9 and the
Certificate of Awaiting Taxpayer Identification Number set forth herein. If you
do not provide your TIN to the Payor within 60 days, backup withholding will
begin and continue until you furnish your TIN to the Payor. NOTE: WRITING
"APPLIED FOR" ON THE FORM MEANS THAT YOU HAVE ALREADY APPLIED FOR A TIN OR THAT
YOU INTEND TO APPLY FOR ONE IN THE NEAR FUTURE.

     10.  Lost or Destroyed Certificates.  If any Share Certificate has been
lost or destroyed, the shareholder should check the appropriate box on page 2 of
this Letter of Transmittal. The Company's stock transfer agent will then
instruct such shareholder as to the procedure to be followed in order to replace
the Share Certificate. The shareholder will have to post a surety bond of
approximately 2% of the current market value of the stock. This Letter of
Transmittal and related documents cannot be processed until procedures for
replacing lost or destroyed Share Certificates have been followed.

     11.  Requests for Assistance or Additional Copies.  Questions and requests
for assistance or additional copies of the Offer to Purchase, the Letter of
Transmittal, the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery and the Guidelines for
Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9 may be
directed to the Information Agent at the locations and telephone numbers set
forth below.

     IMPORTANT: THIS LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL (OR A FACSIMILE COPY THEREOF),
TOGETHER WITH ANY REQUIRED SIGNATURE GUARANTEES, OR IN THE CASE OR A BOOK-ENTRY
TRANSFER, AN AGENT'S MESSAGE, AND SHARE CERTIFICATES, OR A BOOK-ENTRY
CONFIRMATION, FOR SHARES AND ALL OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTS MUST BE RECEIVED BY
THE DEPOSITARY, OR THE NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY (OR A FACSIMILE COPY
THEREOF) MUST BE RECEIVED BY THE DEPOSITARY, ON OR PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION DATE
(AS DEFINED IN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE).

                                   IMPORTANT

                           SHAREHOLDER(S): SIGN HERE
                (PLEASE COMPLETE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 ON REVERSE)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           SIGNATURE(S) OF HOLDER(S)

Dated: ------------------------------ , 2002

(Must be signed by registered holder(s) exactly as name(s) appear(s) on Share
Certificates or on a security position listing or by a person(s) authorized to
become registered holder(s) by certificates and documents transmitted herewith.
If signature is by a trustee, executor, administrator, guardian,
attorney-in-fact, officer of a corporation or other person acting in a fiduciary
or representative capacity, please provide the following information. See
Instruction 5.)

Name(s): -----------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 (PLEASE PRINT)

Capacity: ----------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          (PLEASE PROVIDE FULL TITLE)

Address: -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

Telephone
No.: ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                              (INCLUDE AREA CODE)

Taxpayer Identification or Social Security Number:
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                            (SEE SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9 ON REVERSE
                                            SIDE)

                           GUARANTEE OF SIGNATURE(S)
                   (IF REQUIRED -- SEE INSTRUCTIONS 1 AND 5)

Authorized Signature: ----------------------------------------

Name: ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Name of
Firm: ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Address: -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                               (INCLUDE ZIP CODE)

Title: ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Telephone No.: ------------------------------------------------------------
                              (INCLUDE AREA CODE)

Dated: ------------------------------ , 2002

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               PAYOR'S NAME: MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC, AS DEPOSITARY
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SUBSTITUTE                          PART I -- Taxpayer Identification Num-        --------------------------------------
FORM W-9                            ber -- For All Accounts                       Social Security Number
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY          Enter your TIN in the box at right. (For      OR---------------------------------
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE            most individuals, this is your social         Employer Identification
                                    security number. If you do not have a TIN,    Number
                                    see Obtaining a Number in the enclosed
                                    Guidelines). Certify by signing and dating    (If awaiting TIN, write
                                    below.                                        "Applied For")
                                    Note: If the account is in more than one
                                    name, see the chart in the enclosed Guide-
                                    lines to determine which number to give the
                                    payor.
                                   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAYOR'S REQUEST FOR TAXPAYER        PART II -- For Payees Exempt from Backup Withholding, see the enclosed Guidelines
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (TIN)         and complete as instructed therein.
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 PART III -- CERTIFICATION -- Under penalties of perjury, I certify that:
 (1) The number shown on this form is my correct Taxpayer Identification Number (or I am waiting for a number to be
     issued to me), and
 (2) I am not subject to backup withholding either because (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, (b) I have not been
     notified by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of failure
     to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup
     withholding.
 CERTIFICATION INSTRUCTIONS -- You must cross out item (2) above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are
 subject to backup withholding because of underreporting interest or dividends on your tax return. However, if after
 being notified by the IRS that you were subject to backup withholding you received another notification from the IRS
 that you are no longer subject to backup withholding, do not cross out item (2). (Also see instructions in the enclosed
 Guidelines.)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Signature -------------------------------------------------- Date -------------------------------------------- , 2002
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE:  FAILURE TO COMPLETE AND RETURN THIS FORM MAY RESULT IN A $50 PENALTY
       IMPOSED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE AND IN BACKUP WITHHOLDING OF 30%
       (OR OTHER APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE) OF ANY PAYMENTS MADE TO YOU PURSUANT TO
       THE OFFER. PLEASE REVIEW THE ENCLOSED "GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF
       TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9" FOR ADDITIONAL
       DETAILS.

YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING CERTIFICATE IF YOU WROTE "APPLIED FOR" IN PART I
                            OF SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9.

             CERTIFICATE OF AWAITING TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER

I certify under the penalties of perjury that a taxpayer identification number
has not been issued to me, and either (a) I have mailed or delivered an
application to receive a taxpayer identification number to the appropriate
Internal Revenue Service Center or Social Security Administration Office, or (b)
I intend to mail or deliver an application in the near future. I understand that
if I do not provide a taxpayer identification number by the time of payment, 30%
of all reportable payments made to me thereafter will be withheld until I
provide a number.

Signature ---------------------------------------------------- Date ------------------------------------------------ , 2002

     Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer to
Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer materials may be directed
to the Dealer Manager and the Information Agent at the locations and telephone
numbers set forth below:

                    The Information Agent for the Offer is:
                             D.F. KING & CO., INC.
                                77 Water Street
                            New York, New York 10005
                Banks and Brokers (Call Collect): (212) 269-5550
                   All Others Call Toll-Free: (800) 628-8532
                      The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:
                            BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.
                               383 Madison Avenue
                               New York, NY 10179
                         Call Toll-Free (866) 413-0658

EX-99.A.1.C

y64755texv99waw1wc.txt

FORM OF NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                         NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY

                                      FOR

                        TENDER OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 PARAVANT INC.

                       PURSUANT TO THE OFFER TO PURCHASE
                             DATED OCTOBER 28, 2002

                                       TO

                           PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION

                                       A

                           WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                   (NOT TO BE USED FOR SIGNATURE GUARANTEES)

     This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, or one substantially in the form
hereof, must be used to accept the Offer (as defined below) if certificates
evidencing shares (the "Shares") of common stock, par value $0.015 per share, of
Paravant Inc., a Florida corporation (the "Company"), are not immediately
available or time will not permit all required documents to reach Mellon
Investor Services LLC, as Depositary (the "Depositary"), prior to the Expiration
Date (as defined in Section 1 of the Offer to Purchase (as defined below)) or
the procedure for delivery by book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a
timely basis. This Notice of Guaranteed Delivery may be delivered by hand or
transmitted by telegram, facsimile transmission or mail to the Depositary. See
Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

                        The Depositary for the Offer is:

                          MELLON INVESTOR SERVICES LLC

       By First Class Mail:                     By Hand:                  By Overnight, Certified or
   Mellon Investor Services LLC       Mellon Investor Services LLC              Express Mail:
          P.O. Box 3301                 120 Broadway, 13th Floor         Mellon Investor Services LLC
    South Hackensack, NJ 07606             New York, NY 10271                 85 Challenger Road
                                                                               Mail Stop-Reorg
                                                                          Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660
                                                                       Attn: Reorganization Department

                                       By Facsimile Transmission:
                                    (For Eligible Institutions only)
                                             (201) 296-4293

                                     Confirm Receipt by Telephone:
                                             (201) 296-4860

     DELIVERY OF THIS NOTICE OF GUARANTEED DELIVERY TO AN ADDRESS OTHER THAN AS
SET FORTH ABOVE, AND TRANSMISSION OF INSTRUCTIONS VIA FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION
OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH ABOVE, WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A VALID DELIVERY.

     THIS FORM IS NOT TO BE USED TO GUARANTEE SIGNATURES. IF A SIGNATURE ON A
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS REQUIRED TO BE GUARANTEED BY AN "ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION"
UNDER THE INSTRUCTIONS THERETO, SUCH SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MUST APPEAR IN THE
APPLICABLE SPACE PROVIDED IN THE SIGNATURE BOX ON THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

     SHARES MAY NOT BE TENDERED PURSUANT TO THE GUARANTEED DELIVERY PROCEDURES.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby tenders to Prince Merger Corporation, a Florida
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of DRS Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer
to Purchase, dated October 28, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and the related
Letter of Transmittal (which, as amended or supplemented from time to time,
together constitute the "Offer"), receipt of each of which is hereby
acknowledged, the number of Shares specified below pursuant to the guaranteed
delivery procedure described in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

Series and Certificate Nos. of Shares (if available):

Name(s) of Record Holder(s)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT

Address(s):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        ZIP CODE

Area Code and Tel. No.:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, par value $0.015 per share

Certificate Nos.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Number of Shares Tendered
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If Share(s) will be delivered by book-entry transfer, check this box  [ ]

Account number:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Signature(s):
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dated:
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   GUARANTEE
                  (NOT TO BE USED FOR THE SIGNATURE GUARANTEE)

     The undersigned, an Eligible Institution (as defined in the Offer to
Purchase), hereby guarantees delivery to the Depositary, at one of its addresses
set forth above, certificates ("Share Certificates") evidencing the Shares
tendered hereby, in proper form for transfer, or confirmation of book-entry
transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account at The Depository Trust
Company, in each case with delivery of a Letter of Transmittal (or facsimile
thereof) properly completed and duly executed, or an Agent's Message (as defined
in the Offer to Purchase) in the case of a book-entry delivery, and any other
required documents, all within three days on which the National Association of
Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System, Inc. is open for business after
the date hereof.

     The Eligible Institution that completes this form must communicate the
guarantee to the Depositary and must deliver the Letter of Transmittal and Share
Certificates to the Depositary within the time period set forth above. Failure
to do so could result in a financial loss to such Eligible Institution.

Name of Firm:
- ----------------------------------------

Address:
- -----------------------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------
                            (CITY, STATE, ZIP CODE)

Area Code and
Telephone Number:
- -----------------------------------

- ---------------------------------------------------------
                             (AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE)

Name:
- -------------------------------------------------

Title:
- --------------------------------------------------

Dated:
- ------------------------------------------, 2002

DO NOT SEND SHARE CERTIFICATES WITH THIS NOTICE. SHARE CERTIFICATES SHOULD BE
SENT WITH YOUR LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL.

EX-99.A.1.D

y64755texv99waw1wd.txt

FORM OF LETTER TO BROKERS, DEALERS

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 PARAVANT INC.

                                       AT

                              $4.75 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION

                                       A

                           WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), UNLESS THE OFFER IS
                                   EXTENDED.

                                                                October 28, 2002

To Brokers, Dealers, Commercial Banks,
Trust Companies and Other Nominees:

     We have been appointed by Prince Merger Corporation, a Florida corporation
(the "Purchaser") and a wholly owned subsidiary of DRS Technologies, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), to act as Dealer Manager in connection with
Purchaser's offer to purchase all outstanding shares (the "Shares") of common
stock, par value $0.015 per share (the "Common Stock") of Paravant Inc., a
Florida corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $4.75 per Share (the "Offer
Price"), net to the seller in cash, without interest, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in the Purchaser's Offer to Purchase, dated October
28, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and the related Letter of Transmittal
(which, as amended or supplemented from time to time, together constitute the
"Offer") enclosed herewith. The Offer is being made in connection with the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 23, 2002, by and among Parent,
Purchaser and the Company. Please furnish copies of the enclosed materials to
those of your clients for whose accounts you hold Shares registered in your name
or in the name of your nominee.

     For your information and for forwarding to your clients for whom you hold
Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, we are enclosing
copies of the following documents:

     1.  Offer to Purchase;

     2.  Letter of Transmittal to tender Shares for your use and for the
         information of your clients;

     3.  Notice of Guaranteed Delivery to be used to accept the Offer if
         certificates for Shares are not immediately available or time will not
         permit all required documents to reach the Depositary by the Expiration
         Date (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) or if the procedure for
         book-entry transfer cannot be completed on a timely basis;

     4.  A letter to the shareholders of the Company from William R. Craven,
         President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, together with a
         Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission by the Company;

     5.  A letter which may be sent to your clients for whose accounts you hold
         Shares registered in your name or in the name of your nominee, with
         space provided for obtaining such clients' instructions with regard to
         the Offer;

     6.  Guidelines of the Internal Revenue Service for Certification of
         Taxpayer Identification Number on Substitute Form W-9; and

     7.  Return envelope addressed to Mellon Investor Services LLC (the
         "Depositary").

     WE URGE YOU TO CONTACT YOUR CLIENTS AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE. PLEASE NOTE
THAT THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002 UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

     The Offer is being made pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
October 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Parent, Purchaser and
the Company. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, no later than the second business
day after the satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of all conditions to the
Merger (as defined below), Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company,
with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent
(the "Merger") and the separate corporate existence of Purchaser will thereupon
cease. At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding Share (other than
Shares held by Parent, Purchaser, the Company or any wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent or the Company) will be converted into the right to receive the Offer
Price, without interest thereon, as set forth in the Merger Agreement and
described in the Offer to Purchase.

     Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer (including, if
the Offer is extended or amended, the terms and conditions of any such extension
or amendment), Purchaser will accept for payment and will pay, promptly after
the Expiration Date, for all Shares validly tendered prior to the Expiration
Date and not properly withdrawn in accordance with Section 4 of the Offer to
Purchase.

     In all cases, payment for Shares tendered and accepted for payment pursuant
to the Offer will be made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) the
certificates evidencing such Shares or timely confirmation of a book-entry
transfer of such Shares into the Depositary's account at one of the Book-Entry
Transfer Facilities (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), (ii) a Letter of
Transmittal (or facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with
any required signature guarantees, or an Agent's Message (as defined in the
Offer to Purchase) in connection with a book-entry delivery, and (iii) any other
documents required by the Letter of Transmittal.

     If holders of Shares wish to tender Shares, but cannot deliver such
holders' certificates or other required documents, or cannot comply with the
procedure for book-entry transfer, prior to the expiration of the Offer, a
tender may be effected by following the guaranteed delivery procedure described
in Section 3 of the Offer to Purchase.

     Neither Purchaser nor Parent will pay any fees or commissions to any
broker, dealer or other person (other than Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. (the "Dealer
Manager") and D.F. King & Co., Inc. (the "Information Agent")) for soliciting
tenders of Shares pursuant to the Offer. However, upon request, Purchaser will
reimburse you for customary mailing and handling expenses incurred by you in
forwarding any of the enclosed materials to your clients. Purchaser will pay or
cause to be paid any stock transfer taxes payable with respect to the transfer
of Shares to it, except as otherwise provided in the Letter of Transmittal.

     Any inquiries you may have with respect to the Offer should be addressed to
the Information Agent or to the Dealer Manager, at the respective addresses and
telephone numbers set forth on the back cover page of the Offer to Purchase.

     Additional copies of the enclosed material may be obtained from the
Information Agent at the address and telephone number set forth on the back
cover page of the Offer to Purchase.

                                         Very truly yours,

                                         BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.
                                              as Dealer Manager
                                         383 Madison Avenue
                                         New York, NY 10179
                                         Call Toll-Free: (866) 413-0658

     NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS SHALL AUTHORIZE YOU
OR ANY OTHER PERSON TO ACT ON BEHALF OF OR AS THE AGENT OF PARENT, THE
PURCHASER, THE COMPANY, THE DEALER MANAGER, THE INFORMATION AGENT OR THE
DEPOSITARY, OR OF ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THEM, OR AUTHORIZE YOU OR ANY OTHER
PERSON TO USE ANY DOCUMENT OR TO MAKE ANY STATEMENT ON BEHALF OF ANY OF THEM IN
CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OTHER THAN THE ENCLOSED DOCUMENTS AND THE STATEMENTS
CONTAINED THEREIN.

EX-99.A.1.E

y64755texv99waw1we.txt

FORM OF LETTER TO CLIENTS

                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 PARAVANT INC.

                                       AT

                              $4.75 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                           PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION

                                       A

                           WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

  THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY
TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002 (THE "EXPIRATION DATE"), UNLESS THE OFFER IS
                                   EXTENDED.

                                                                October 28, 2002

To Our Clients:

     Enclosed for your consideration are an Offer to Purchase, dated October 28,
2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and a related Letter of Transmittal (which, as
amended or supplemented from time to time, together constitute the "Offer")
relating to the offer by Prince Merger Corporation, a Florida corporation (the
"Purchaser") and wholly owned subsidiary of DRS Technologies Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("Parent"), to purchase all outstanding shares (the "Shares") of
common stock, par value $0.015 per Share, of Paravant Inc., a Florida
corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $4.75 per Share, net to the seller in
cash (the "Offer Price"), without interest, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Offer. The Offer is being made in connection with
the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 23, 2002, by and among Parent,
Purchaser and the Company (the "Merger Agreement"). Also enclosed is the Letter
to Shareholders of the Company from William R. Craven, President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, together with a Solicitation/Recommendation
Statement on Schedule 14D-9 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
the Company.

     WE ARE (OR OUR NOMINEE IS) THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF SHARES HELD BY US FOR
YOUR ACCOUNT. A TENDER OF SUCH SHARES CAN BE MADE ONLY BY US AS THE HOLDER OF
RECORD AND PURSUANT TO YOUR INSTRUCTIONS. THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL IS FURNISHED
TO YOU FOR YOUR INFORMATION ONLY AND CANNOT BE USED BY YOU TO TENDER SHARES HELD
BY US FOR YOUR ACCOUNT.

     Accordingly, we request instructions as to whether you wish to have us
tender on your behalf any or all of the Shares held by us (or our nominee) for
your account, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Offer.

     Your attention is invited to the following:

          1.  The tender price is $4.75 per Share, net to the seller in cash,
     without interest.

          2.  The Offer is being made for all outstanding Shares.

          3.  The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of
     Merger, dated October 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), among Parent,
     Purchaser and the Company. The Merger Agreement provides, among other
     things, that Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company (the
     "Merger") following the satisfaction or waiver of each of the conditions to
     the Merger set forth in the Merger Agreement.

          4.  The Board of Directors of the Company has determined that each of
     the Offer, the Merger Agreement and the Merger is fair to and in the best
     interests of the shareholders of the Company and recommends that the
     shareholders of the Company accept the Offer and tender their Shares to
     Purchaser pursuant to the Offer.

          5.  The Offer and withdrawal rights will expire at 12:00 midnight, New
     York City time, on Friday, November 22, 2002, unless the Offer is extended.

          6.  Tendering shareholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees
     or commissions or, except as otherwise provided in the Letter of
     Transmittal, stock transfer taxes with respect to the purchase of Shares by
     Purchaser pursuant to the Offer. However, U.S. federal income tax backup
     withholding at a rate of 30% (or other applicable percentage) may be
     required, unless an exemption is provided or unless the required taxpayer
     identification information is provided. See Instruction 9 of the Letter of
     Transmittal.

     If you wish to have us tender any or all of your Shares, please so instruct
us by completing, executing, detaching and returning to us the instruction form
contained in this letter. An envelope in which to return your instructions to us
is enclosed. If you authorize the tender of your Shares, all such Shares will be
tendered unless otherwise specified in your instructions. YOUR INSTRUCTIONS
SHOULD BE FORWARDED TO US IN AMPLE TIME TO PERMIT US TO SUBMIT A TENDER ON YOUR
BEHALF PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER.

     The Offer is made solely by the Offer to Purchase and the related Letter of
Transmittal and any supplements or amendments thereto, and is being made to all
holders of Shares. The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted
from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making
of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws
of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction where the securities, blue sky or
other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the
Offer shall be deemed to be made on behalf of Purchaser by Bear, Stearns & Co.
Inc. or one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of
such jurisdiction.

                        INSTRUCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE
                           OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                 PARAVANT INC.

                                       BY

                           PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION

                                       A
                           WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

     The undersigned acknowledge(s) receipt of your letter and the enclosed
Offer to Purchase, dated October 28, 2002, and the related Letter of Transmittal
(which, as amended or supplemented from time to time, together constitute the
"Offer") in connection with the offer by Prince Merger Corporation, a Florida
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of DRS Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, to purchase all outstanding shares (the "Shares") of common stock,
par value $0.015 per share (the "Common Stock") of Paravant Inc., a Florida
corporation (the "Company").

     This will instruct you to tender the number of Shares indicated below (or,
if no number is indicated below, all Shares) that are held by you for the
account of the undersigned, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Offer.

DATE:
- -----------------------------------------, 2002

NUMBER OF SHARES TO BE TENDERED:
COMMON STOCK*

SIGN HERE

- ------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------
                           SIGNATURE(S) OF HOLDER(S)

             ------------------------------------------------------
                              NAME(S) OF HOLDER(S)
                                      SHARES OF

- ------------------------------------------------------
                              PLEASE TYPE OR PRINT
ADDRESS
- ---------------------------------------------
ZIP CODE
- -------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------
                         AREA CODE AND TELEPHONE NUMBER

- ------------------------------------------------------
               TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION OR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

- ---------------

* Unless otherwise indicated, it will be assumed that all Shares held by us for
  your account are to be tendered.

EX-99.A.1.F

y64755texv99waw1wf.txt

GUIDLINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAX ID #

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

GUIDELINES FOR DETERMINING THE PROPER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER TO GIVE THE
PAYER. -- Social Security numbers have nine digits separated by two hyphens:
i.e. 000-00-0000. Employer identification numbers have nine digits separated by
one hyphen: i.e. 00-0000000. The table below will help determine the number to
give the payer.

- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                              GIVE THE
                                           SOCIAL SECURITY
       FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:            NUMBER OF --
- ------------------------------------------------------------

 1.  An individual                       The individual
 2.  Two or more individuals (joint      The actual owner of
     account)                            the account or, if
                                         combined funds, the
                                         first individual on
                                         the account(1)
 3.  Custodian account of a minor        The minor(2)
     (Uniform Gift to Minors Act)
 4.  a. The usual revocable savings      The grantor-
        trust (grantor is also trustee)  trustee(1)
     b. So-called trust account that is  The actual owner(1)
        not a legal or valid trust
        under state law
 5.  Sole proprietorship                 The owner(3)
 6.  Account in the name of guardian or  The ward, minor or
     committee for a designated ward,    incompetent person
     minor or incompetent person(4)
- ------------------------------------------------------------

- ------------------------------------------------------------
                                          GIVE THE EMPLOYER
                                           IDENTIFICATION
       FOR THIS TYPE OF ACCOUNT:            NUMBER OF --
- ------------------------------------------------------------

 7.  A valid trust, estate or pension    Legal entity(5)
     trust
 8.  Corporate                           The corporation
 9.  Association, club, religious,       The organization
     charitable, educational, or other
     tax-exempt organization
10.  Partnership                         The partnership
11.  A broker or registered nominee      The broker or
                                         nominee
12.  Account with the Department of      The public entity
     Agriculture in the name of a
     public entity (such as a state or
     local government, school district,
     or prison) that receives
     agricultural program payments

- ------------------------------------------------------------

(1) List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. If
    only one person on a joint account has a social security number, that
    person's number must be furnished.
(2) Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's social security number.
(3) You must show your individual name, but you may also enter your business or
    "doing business as" name. You may use either your social security number or
    employer identification number.
(4) Circle the ward's, minor's or incompetent person's name and furnish such
    person's social security number.
(5) List first and circle the name of the legal trust, estate, or pension trust.
    (Do not furnish the identifying number of the person, representative or
    trustee unless the legal entity itself is not designated in the account
    title.)

NOTE: If no name is circled when more than one name is listed, the number will
      be considered to be that of the first name listed.

            GUIDELINES FOR CERTIFICATION OF TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION
                         NUMBER ON SUBSTITUTE FORM W-9

                                     PAGE 2

OBTAINING A NUMBER
If you do not have a taxpayer identification number or you do not know your
number, obtain Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security Number Card, at the
local office of the Social Security Administration or Form SS-4. Applications
for Employer Identification Number at the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS")
and apply for a number.

If you do not have a number, write "Applied For" in the space for the taxpayer
identification number in Part 1, sign and date the substitute Form W-9 and
return it to the payor. You must provide a payor with a taxpayer identification
number within 60 days. During this 60-day period, a payor has two options for
withholding on reportable interest or dividend payments:
(1) a payor must backup withhold on any withdrawals you make from the account
    after 7 business days after a payor receives the substitute Form W-9: or
(2) a payor must backup withhold on any reportable interest or dividend payments
    made to your account, regardless of whether you make any withdrawals. Under
    this option, backup withholding must begin no later than 7 business days
    after a payor receives the Substitute Form W-9. Under this option, a payor
    must refund the amounts withheld if a payor receives your certified taxpayer
    identification number within the 60-day period and you are not otherwise
    subject to backup withholding during the period.

With respect to other reportable payments, if a payor does not receive your
taxpayer identification number within the 60 days, a payor must backup withhold
until you furnish your taxpayor identification number.

CERTIFICATION
For interest, dividends and broker transactions, you must sign the certification
or backup withholding will apply. If you are subject to backup withholding and
you are merely providing your correct taxpayer identification number to a payor,
you must cross out item 2 in Part III before signing the form.

PAYEES AND PAYMENTS EXEMPT FROM BACKUP WITHHOLDING
Payees specifically exempted from backup withholding on ALL payments include the
following:
  - An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue
    Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or an individual retirement account
    or a custodial account under section 403(b)(7) of the Code if the account
    satisfies the requirements of section 401(1)(2) of the Code.
  - The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities.
  - A State, the District of Columbia, a possession of the United States, or any
    of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities.
  - A foreign government or any of its political subdivisions, agencies or
    instrumentalities.
  - An international organization or any of its agencies or instrumentalities.
  Other payees that may be exempt from backup withholding include the following:
  - A corporation.
  - A financial institution.
  - A dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the United
    States, the District of Columbia, or a possession of the United States.
  - A real estate investment trust.
  - A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a) of the Code.
  - An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment
    Company Act of 1940.
  - A foreign central bank of issue.
  Payments of interest not generally subject to backup withholding include the
following:
  - Payments of interest on obligations issued by individuals. Note: You may be
    subject to backup withholding if this interest is $600 or more and is paid
    in the course of the payor's trade or business and you have not provided
    your current taxpayer identification number to the payor.
  - Payments of tax-exempt interest (including exempt interest dividends under
    section 852 of the Code).
  - Payments described in section 6049(b)(5) of the Code to non-resident aliens.
  - Payments on tax-free covenant funds under section 1451 of the Code.
  - Payments made by certain foreign organizations.
Exempt payees described above should file Form W-9 to avoid possible erroneous
backup withholding. FILE THIS FORM WITH THE PAYOR. FURNISH YOUR TAXPAYER
IDENTIFICATION NUMBER. ALSO SIGN AND DATE THE FORM.

  Certain payments other than interest, dividends and patronage dividends that
are not subject to information reporting are also not subject to backup
withholding. For details, see sections 6041, 6041A, 6042, 6044, 6045, 6049,
6050A and 6050N of the Code and their regulations.

PRIVACY ACT NOTICE. -- Section 6109 of the Code requires recipients of dividend,
interest, or other payments to give taxpayer identification numbers to payors
who must report the payments to IRS. The IRS uses the numbers for identification
purposes. The Payor must be given the numbers whether or not recipients are
required to the tax returns. Payors must generally withhold 30% (or other
applicable percentage) of taxable interest, dividend and certain other payments
to a payee who does not furnish a taxpayer identification number to a payor.
Certain penalties may also apply.

PENALTIES
(1) PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FURNISH TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER. -- If you
fail to furnish your taxpayer identification number to a payor, you are subject
to a penalty of $50 for each such failure unless your failure is due to
reasonable cause and not to willful neglect.
(2) CIVIL PENALTY FOR FALSE INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO WITHHOLDING. -- If you
make a false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no backup
withholding, you are subject to a penalty of $500.
(3) CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR FALSIFYING INFORMATION. -- Willfully falsifying
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties including
fines and/or imprisonment.

                  FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR TAX
                              ADVISOR OR THE IRS.

EX-99.A.1.H

y64755texv99waw1wh.txt

JOINT PRESS RELEASE

                                                               Exhibit (a)(1)(H)

[DRS TECHNOLOGIES LETTERHEAD]

NEWS RELEASE

For information contact:
PATRICIA M. WILLIAMSON                                                  #51 FY03
DRS Technologies, Inc.
(973) 898-1500
or
JOHN ZISKO
Paravant Inc.
(973) 631-6190

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Monday, October 28, 2002

                    DRS TECHNOLOGIES BEGINS TENDER OFFER FOR
                    ALL OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES OF PARAVANT

      PARSIPPANY AND MORRISTOWN, N.J., OCTOBER 28 -- DRS Technologies, Inc.
(NYSE: DRS) and Paravant Inc. (Nasdaq: PVAT) announced today that Prince Merger
Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DRS, commenced a cash tender offer for
all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Paravant at a price of $4.75
per share in cash.

      The tender offer is being made pursuant to an Offer to Purchase, dated
October 28, 2002, and in connection with an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
October 23, 2002, between DRS, Prince Merger Corporation and Paravant. The
tender offer is scheduled to expire at 12:00 midnight, New York City time, on
Friday, November 22, 2002, unless the offer is extended. Following the
completion of the tender offer, Prince Merger Corporation will be merged with
and into Paravant. Holders of any remaining outstanding common stock of Paravant
will receive in the merger the $4.75 price per share in cash.

      Paravant's board of directors has unanimously recommended that its
shareholders tender their shares, pursuant to the tender offer. Certain
shareholders owning approximately 22 percent of the outstanding common stock of
Paravant have agreed to tender their shares in the offer.

      The tender offer is subject to customary regulatory approvals and other
closing conditions, including a majority of the fully diluted shares being
deposited for tender and not withdrawn.

      The depositary for the tender offer is Mellon Investor Services, LLC, 85
Challenger Road, Ridgefield Park, New Jersey 07660.

      The dealer manager for the tender offer is Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., 383
Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179.

                                    - more -

      The information agent for the tender offer is D.F. King & Co., Inc., 77
Water Street, New York, New York 10005.

      The tender offer statement and related materials may be obtained free of
charge by directing such requests to the information agent, D.F. King & Co.,
Inc., 77 Water Street, Floor 20, New York, New York 10005, toll free phone (800)
628-8532 or (212) 269-5550.

      The tender offer statement was filed by DRS with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC) on Schedule TO, and the solicitation/ recommendation
statement was filed by Paravant with the SEC on Schedule 14D-9. Investors and
security holders are advised to carefully read these materials, as they will
contain important information on deciding whether to tender their shares, as
well as on the process for tendering shares. Investors and security holders may
obtain these and other documents filed by DRS and Paravant free of charge from
either company or from the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov.

      Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. is serving as financial advisor to DRS on the
acquisition.

      DRS Technologies provides leading edge products and services to government
and commercial customers worldwide. Focused on defense electronics, the company
develops and manufactures a broad range of mission critical systems and
components in the areas of communications, combat systems, rugged computers,
electro-optics, power conversion, data storage, digital imaging, flight safety
and space. For more information about DRS Technologies, please visit the
company's web site at www.drs.com.

      Paravant is a leading designer and manufacturer of highly engineered,
technically advanced, defense electronics for U.S. and allied international
military and intelligence agency applications. Headquartered in Morristown, New
Jersey, it manufactures rugged computer systems and communications interfaces
serving military Command, Control, Communications, Computer, Intelligence and
Surveillance (C4ISR) initiatives. Paravant also produces high-speed processing
equipment for the intelligence community and offers modernization design and
installation services for select rotary- and fixed-wing military aircraft. For
more information about Paravant, please visit the company's web site at
www.paravant.com.

Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995: Except for historical information contained herein, the matters set forth
in this news release are forward-looking statements The forward-looking
statements set forth above involve a number of risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from any such statement, and
include, without limitation, demand and competition for the Company's products
and other risks or uncertainties detailed in the Company's Securities and
Exchange Commission filings.

                                      # # #

EX-99.A.1.I

y64755texv99waw1wi.txt

SUMMARY ADVERTISEMENT

                                                              Exhibit (a)(1)(I)

This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer
to sell Shares (as defined below). The Offer (as defined below) is made solely
by the Offer to Purchase, dated October 28, 2002 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and
the related Letter of Transmittal and is being made to all holders of Shares (as
defined below). The Offer is not being made to (nor will tenders be accepted
from or on behalf of) holders of Shares in any jurisdiction in which the making
of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the laws
of such jurisdiction or any administrative or judicial action pursuant thereto.
In any jurisdiction where securities, blue sky or other laws require the Offer
to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer shall be deemed to be made
on behalf of the Purchaser (as defined below) by the Dealer Manager
(as defined below) or one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under
the laws of such jurisdiction.

                      NOTICE OF OFFER TO PURCHASE FOR CASH

                     ALL OUTSTANDING SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

                                       OF

                                  PARAVANT INC.

                                       AT

                               $4.75 NET PER SHARE

                                       BY

                            PRINCE MERGER CORPORATION

                          A WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF

                             DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

         Prince Merger Corporation, a Florida corporation (the "Purchaser") and
a wholly owned subsidiary of DRS Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), is offering to purchase all issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, par value $0.015 per share (the "Shares"), of Paravant Inc., a Florida
corporation (the "Company"), at a price of $4.75 per Share, net to the seller in
cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offer to
Purchase and in the related Letter of Transmittal (which, together with any
amendments or supplements thereto, collectively constitute the "Offer").
Tendering shareholders will not be obligated to pay brokerage fees or
commissions or, except as set forth in the Letter of Transmittal, transfer taxes
on the sale of Shares pursuant to the Offer. The Purchaser will pay all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the Offer of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.,
which is acting as the Dealer Manager (the "Dealer Manager"), D.F. King & Co.,
Inc., which is acting as the Information Agent (the "Information Agent"), and
Mellon Investor Services LLC, which is acting as the Depositary (the
"Depositary"). The Purchaser is offering to acquire all Shares as a first step
in acquiring the entire equity interest in the Company. Following consummation
of the Offer, the Purchaser intends to effect the merger described below.

    THE OFFER AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK
     CITY TIME, ON FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 2002, UNLESS THE OFFER IS EXTENDED.

         The Offer is being made pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of October 23, 2002 (the "Merger Agreement"), by and among Parent, the
Purchaser and the Company, pursuant to which, after the completion of the Offer
and satisfaction or waiver, if permissible, of all conditions to the merger, the
Purchaser will be merged with and into the Company and the separate corporate
existence of the Purchaser will thereupon cease. The merger of the Purchaser
with and into the Company, as effected pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence, is referred to herein as the "Merger." At the effective time of the
Merger, each Share then outstanding (other than Shares held by Parent, the
Purchaser, the Company or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary
of such person) will be canceled and retired and converted into the right to
receive $4.75 per Share, net to the seller in cash, (such price being referred
to herein as the "Offer Price"), without interest thereon.

         THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY UNANIMOUSLY (I) HAS DETERMINED
THAT THE TERMS OF THE OFFER, THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE FAIR TO AND
IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY, (II) HAS APPROVED AND
ADOPTED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY,
INCLUDING THE OFFER AND THE MERGER, AND (III) RECOMMENDS THAT THE SHAREHOLDERS
OF THE COMPANY ACCEPT THE OFFER AND TENDER THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER.

         THE OFFER IS CONDITIONED UPON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THERE BEING VALIDLY
TENDERED AND NOT WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE OFFER, THAT NUMBER OF
SHARES WHICH REPRESENTS AT LEAST A MAJORITY OF THE SHARES OUTSTANDING ON A FULLY
DILUTED BASIS ON THE DATE OF PURCHASE, THE EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF ANY
APPLICABLE WAITING PERIOD UNDER THE HART-SCOTT-RODINO ANTITRUST IMPROVEMENTS ACT
OF 1976, AS AMENDED, AND THE OTHER CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE OFFER TO
PURCHASE.

         As a condition and inducement to Parent and the Purchaser entering into
the Merger Agreement and incurring the liabilities therein, certain shareholders
of the Company, who hold voting and dispositive power with respect to 3,780,835
Shares (approximately 22% of the outstanding Shares), concurrently with the
execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement entered into Shareholder Tender
and Voting Agreements (the "Shareholder Tender and Voting Agreements"), dated as
of October 23, 2002, with Parent and the Purchaser. Pursuant to the Shareholder
Tender and Voting Agreements, such shareholders have agreed, among other things,
to tender the Shares held by them in the Offer and to grant Parent a proxy with
respect to the voting of such Shares in favor of the Merger upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth therein.

         For purposes of the Offer, the Purchaser will be deemed to have
accepted for payment, and thereby purchased, Shares properly tendered to the
Purchaser and not withdrawn as, if and when the Purchaser gives oral or written
notice to the Depositary of the Purchaser's acceptance for payment of such
Shares. Payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be
made by deposit of the Offer Price therefor with the Depositary, which will act
as agent for tendering shareholders for the purpose of receiving payment from
the Purchaser and transmitting payment to tendering shareholders. Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the Offer Price for the Shares,
regardless of any extension of the Offer or any delay in making such payment. In
all cases, payment for Shares accepted for payment pursuant to the Offer will be
made only after timely receipt by the Depositary of (i) certificates
representing such Shares (or a timely Book-Entry Confirmation) (as defined in
the Offer to Purchase) with respect thereto, (ii) a Letter of Transmittal (or
facsimile thereof), properly completed and duly executed, with any required
signature guarantees, or, in the case of a book-entry transfer, an Agent's
Message (as defined in the Offer to Purchase) and (iii) any other documents
required by the Letter of Transmittal. The per Share consideration paid to any
holder pursuant to the Offer will be the highest per Share consideration paid to
any other holder pursuant to the Offer. Except as otherwise provided in the
Offer to Purchase, tenders of Shares are irrevocable. Except as provided below
with respect to a Subsequent Offering Period, Shares tendered pursuant to the
Offer may be withdrawn pursuant to the procedures set forth below at any time
prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) and, unless theretofore accepted
for payment and paid for by the Purchaser pursuant to the Offer, may, as
described in the Offer to Purchase, also be withdrawn at any time after December
26, 2002.

         For a withdrawal to be effective, a written, telegraphic or facsimile
transmission notice of withdrawal must be timely received by the Depositary at
one of its addresses set forth on the back cover of the Offer to Purchase and
must specify the name of the person having tendered the Shares to be withdrawn,
the number of Shares to be withdrawn and the name of the registered holder of
the Shares to be withdrawn, if different from the name of the person who
tendered the Shares. If certificates representing Shares have been delivered or
otherwise identified to the Depositary, then, prior to the physical release of
such certificates, the serial numbers shown on such certificates must be
submitted to the Depositary and, unless such Shares have been tendered by an
Eligible Institution (as defined in the Offer to Purchase), the signatures on
the notice of withdrawal must be guaranteed by an Eligible Institution. If
Shares have been delivered pursuant to the procedures for book-entry transfer as
set forth in the Offer to Purchase, any notice of withdrawal must also specify
the name and number of the account at the Book-Entry Transfer Facility (as
defined in the Offer to Purchase) to be credited with the withdrawn Shares and
otherwise comply with such Book-Entry Transfer Facility's procedures.
Withdrawals of tenders of Shares may not be rescinded, and any Shares properly
withdrawn will thereafter be deemed not validly tendered for purposes of the
Offer. However, withdrawn Shares may be retendered by again following one of the
procedures described in the Offer to Purchase at any time prior to the
Expiration Date.

         Pursuant to Rule 14d-11 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and subject to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, the Purchaser may, subject to certain conditions, provide a
"Subsequent Offering Period" following the expiration of the Offer. A Subsequent
Offering Period is an additional period of time from three to twenty business
days in length, beginning after the Purchaser purchases Shares tendered in the
Offer, during which shareholders may tender, but not withdraw, their Shares and
receive the Offer Price. Pursuant to Rule 14d-7 under the Exchange Act, no
withdrawal rights apply to Shares tendered during a Subsequent Offering Period,
and no withdrawal rights apply during the Subsequent Offering Period with
respect to Shares tendered in the Offer and accepted for payment. During a
Subsequent Offering Period, the Purchaser would promptly purchase and pay for
all Shares tendered at the same price paid in the Offer.

         All questions as to the form and validity (including time of receipt)
of notices of withdrawal will be determined by the Purchaser, in its sole
discretion, which determination will be final and binding. None of the
Purchaser, Parent, the Depositary, the Information Agent, the Dealer Manager or
any other person will be under any duty to give notification of any defects or
irregularities in any notice of withdrawal or incur any liability for failure to
give any such notification.

         The term "Expiration Date" shall mean 12:00 Midnight, New York City
time, on Friday, November 22, 2002, unless the Offer is extended, in which event
the term "Expiration Date" shall mean the latest time and date at which the
Offer, as so extended by the Purchaser, shall expire.

         Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Purchaser may, without
the consent of the Company, (a) extend the Offer beyond the then scheduled
Expiration Date if, as of such expiration, any of the conditions (as set forth
in the Offer to Purchase) shall not be satisfied or waived, (b) extend the Offer
for any period required by any rule, regulation or interpretation of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the staff thereof or Nasdaq National Market
applicable to the Offer, (c) extend the Offer for up to ten (10) business days
if, as of the then scheduled Expiration Date, there shall not have been tendered
at least eighty percent (80%) of the outstanding Shares on a fully diluted
basis, and (d) provide a Subsequent Offering Period. Any extension, amendment or
termination of the Offer will be followed as promptly as practicable by public
announcement thereof, the announcement in the case of an extension to be issued
no later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next business day after the
previously scheduled Expiration Date.

         The receipt of cash for Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Merger will
be a taxable transaction for United States federal income tax purposes and may
also be a taxable transaction under applicable state, local or foreign tax laws.
Shareholders should consult with their tax advisors as to the particular tax
consequences of the Offer and the Merger to them, including the applicability
and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local or foreign income
and other tax laws and of changes in such tax laws. For a more complete
description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Offer and the
Merger, see Section 5 of the Offer to Purchase.

         The information required to be disclosed by paragraph (d)(1) of Rule
14d-6 of the Exchange Act is contained in the Offer to Purchase and is
incorporated herein by reference.

         The Company has provided the Purchaser with the Company's shareholder
list and security position listings for the purpose of disseminating the Offer
to holders of Shares. The Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal
and other relevant documents will be mailed by the Purchaser to record holders
of Shares, and will be furnished by the Purchaser to brokers, dealers,
commercial banks, trust companies and similar persons whose names, or the names
of whose nominees, appear on the shareholder list, or, if applicable, who are
listed as participants in a clearing agency's security position listing, for
subsequent transmittal to beneficial owners of Shares.

         THE OFFER TO PURCHASE AND THE LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL CONTAIN IMPORTANT
INFORMATION AND SHOULD BE READ IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE ANY DECISION IS MADE
WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER.

         Questions and requests for assistance or additional copies of the Offer
to Purchase, Letter of Transmittal and other tender offer documents may be
directed to the Information Agent or the Dealer Manager at the respective
addresses and telephone numbers set forth below, and copies will be furnished at
the Purchaser's expense. The Purchaser will not pay any fees or commissions to
any broker or dealer or other person (other than the Dealer Manager, the
Depositary and the Information Agent) for soliciting tenders of Shares pursuant
to the Offer.

                     The Information Agent for the Offer is:

                             D. F. KING & CO., INC.

                           77 Water Street, 20th floor

                               New York, NY 10005

                 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550

                    ALL OTHERS CALL TOLL-FREE: (800) 628-8532

                      The Dealer Manager for the Offer is:

                            BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.

                               383 Madison Avenue

                               New York, NY 10179

                         CALL TOLL-FREE: (866) 413-0658

October 28, 2002

EX-99.A.1.J

y64755texv99waw1wj.txt

LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS

   [PARAVANT LOGO]

October 28, 2002

Dear Fellow Shareholders:

     We are pleased to inform you that on October 23, 2002, Paravant Inc. (the
"Company") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement")
with DRS Technologies, Inc. ("Parent") and Prince Merger Corporation, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), providing for the acquisition of the
Company.

     Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub has today commenced a
cash tender offer (the "Offer") to purchase all of the outstanding shares of
common stock (the "Shares") of the Company for $4.75 per Share in cash. The
Merger Agreement provides that, following the Offer, Merger Sub will merge with
and into the Company (the "Merger") and all Shares not purchased in the Offer
(other than Shares held by Parent, Merger Sub or the Company) will be converted
into the right to receive $4.75 per Share in cash.

     After careful consideration, your Board of Directors unanimously approved
the Merger Agreement, the Offer and the Merger. They determined that the Offer
and the Merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, the Company and its
shareholders. The Board of Directors recommends that you accept the Offer and
tender your Shares pursuant to the Offer.

     In arriving at its recommendation, your Board of Directors gave careful
consideration to a number of factors described in the attached Schedule 14D-9
that is being filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Included
as an annex to the Schedule 14D-9 is the written opinion, dated October 21,
2002, of Wachovia Securities, Inc., the Company's financial advisor, to the
effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to
certain matters stated in such opinion, the $4.75 per Share cash consideration
to be received in the Offer and the Merger by the holders of the Shares was
fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

     In addition to the attached Schedule 14D-9 relating to the Offer, also
enclosed is the Offer to Purchase, dated October 28, 2002, of Merger Sub,
together with related materials, including a Letter of Transmittal to be used
for tendering your Shares. These documents set forth the terms and conditions of
the Offer and the Merger and provide instructions as to how to tender your
Shares. We urge you to read these materials carefully.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          -s- William R. Craven
                                          WILLIAM R. CRAVEN
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

EX-99.B.1

y64755texv99wbw1.txt

CREDIT AGREEMENT

                                                                  Exhibit (b)(1)

      CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of the 28th day of September, 2001, by and
among DRS TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation, as Borrower, the lenders
who are or may become a party to this Agreement, as Lenders, FIRST UNION
NATIONAL BANK, a national banking association, as Administrative Agent for the
Lenders, TD SECURITIES (USA) INC., as Syndication Agent and MELLON BANK, N.A.,
as Documentation Agent.

                              STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

      The Borrower has requested, and the Lenders have agreed, to extend certain
credit facilities to the Borrower on the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

      NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, such parties
hereby agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

      SECTION 1.1 Definitions. The following terms when used in this Agreement
shall have the meanings assigned to them below:

      "Account Debtor" means, with respect to any Account, any Person obligated
to make payment thereunder, including, without limitation, any account debtor
thereon.

      "Accounts" means all "accounts" (as now or hereafter defined in the UCC)
of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, all present or future accounts receivable, all rights to payment of
a monetary obligation, whether or not earned by performance, for property sold,
leased, licensed, assigned or otherwise disposed of or to be sold, leased,
licensed, assigned or otherwise disposed of, for services rendered or to be
rendered, for a policy of insurance issued or to be issued, for a secondary
obligation incurred or to be incurred, for energy provided or to be provided,
for the use or hire of a vessel under a charter or other contract, or arising
out of the use of a credit card or charge card or information contained on or
for use with the card, all rights in any merchandise or goods which any of the
same may represent, all notes receivable, health care insurance receivables (as
now or hereafter defined in the UCC), book debts, notes, bills, drafts,
acceptances, and all sums of money due or to become due thereon and all proceeds
thereof and all rights, title, security interests and guarantees with respect to
each of the foregoing.

      "Acquisition" means the acquisition of the assets and business of Sensors
by the Borrower from The Boeing Company pursuant to the terms of the Asset
Purchase Agreement.

      "Additional Term Loan" has the meaning assigned thereto in Section 4.6.

      "Additional Term Loan Effective Date" means the date, which shall be a
Business Day, on or before the Additional Term Loan Termination Date, but no
earlier than thirty (30) days

after any Increase Notification Date, on which the Term Lenders make Additional
Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.6.

      "Administrative Agent" means First Union in its capacity as Administrative
Agent hereunder, and any successor thereto appointed pursuant to Section 13.9.

      "Administrative Agent's Office" means the office of the Administrative
Agent specified in or determined in accordance with the provisions of Section
14.1(c).

      "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person (other
than a Subsidiary of such Person) which directly or indirectly through one or
more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such first Person or any of its Subsidiaries. The term "control" means (a)
the power to vote ten percent (10%) or more of the securities or other equity
interests of a Person having ordinary voting power, or (b) the possession,
directly or indirectly, of any other power to direct or cause the direction of
the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise.

      "Aggregate Commitment" means the aggregate amount of the Lenders'
Commitments hereunder, as such amount may be increased, reduced or otherwise
modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. On the
Closing Date, the Aggregate Commitment shall be Two Hundred Forty Million
Dollars ($240,000,000).

      "Agreement" means this Credit Agreement, as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

      "Applicable Law" means all applicable provisions of constitutions, laws,
statutes, ordinances, rules, treaties, regulations, permits, licenses,
approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities and
all orders and decrees of all courts and arbitrators.

      "Applicable Margin" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
5.1(c).

      "Application" means an application, in the form specified by the Issuing
Lender from time to time, requesting the Issuing Lender to issue a Letter of
Credit.

      "Approved Fund" means any Person (other than a natural Person), including,
without limitation, any special purpose entity, that is (or will be) engaged in
making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and
similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business; provided,
that with respect to any assignment of any Revolving Credit Commitment, such
Approved Fund must be administered by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender
or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a
Lender.

      "Arbitration Rules" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
14.6(a).

      "Asset Coverage Ratio" means as of any date of determination, the ratio of
(a) the sum of (i) Available Cash plus (ii) the gross book value of all Accounts
of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on such date determined in
accordance with GAAP plus (iii) the gross

book value of all Inventory of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on
such date determined in accordance with GAAP to (b) the aggregate outstanding
amount of all Extensions of Credit as of such date.

      "Asset Purchase Agreement" means the Asset Purchase Agreement by and
between The Boeing Company and the Borrower dated as of August 3, 2001, together
with all exhibits, schedules and all other documents and agreements executed in
relation thereto, as amended, modified or otherwise supplemented with the
consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent is not to be unreasonably
withheld.

      "Asset Sale Proceeds" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
4.4(b)(iii).

      "Assignment and Acceptance" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in
Section 14.10.

      "Available Cash" means, as of any date of determination, without
duplication, calculated in accordance with GAAP, the aggregate amount of all
cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, which
such cash or Cash Equivalents are readily marketable and available without
restriction or limitation for the immediate payment or repayment of Debt as of
such date of determination.

      "Base Rate" means, at any time, the higher of (a) the Prime Rate and (b)
the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%; each change in the Base Rate shall take
effect simultaneously with the corresponding change or changes in the Prime Rate
or the Federal Funds Rate.

      "Base Rate Loan" means any Loan bearing interest at a rate based upon the
Base Rate as provided in Section 5.1(a).

      "Benefited Lender" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.6.

      "Bonding Obligations" means, with respect to the Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary thereof, without duplication, the face amount (including,
without limitation, any contingent obligations arising in connection therewith),
of any surety, performance or other bond issued at the request of or delivered
by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof in the ordinary course of
business to any other Person owed any contractual or other obligation (other
than for borrowed money or other Debt) by such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary
thereof to secure the performance of such contractual or other obligations or
otherwise benefit such Person to whom such contractual or other obligations are
owed. All outstanding Bonding Obligations as of the Closing Date are set forth
on Schedule 7.1(t).

      "Borrower" means DRS Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

      "Borrowing Base" means at any date of determination thereof, an amount
equal to the sum of (a) ninety percent (90%) of Eligible Accounts Receivable,
plus (b) fifty percent (50%) of Eligible Unbilled Receivables, plus (c) fifty
percent (50%) of Eligible Inventory.

      "Borrowing Base Certificate" means each certificate delivered by the
Borrower

substantially in the form of Exhibit K.

      "Borrowing Limit" means, at any date of determination thereof, an amount
equal to the lesser of (a) the Borrowing Base and (b) the Revolving Credit
Commitment of all Lenders.

      "Business Day" means (a) for all purposes other than as set forth in
clause (b) below, any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday on
which banks in Charlotte, North Carolina and New York, New York, are open for
the conduct of their commercial banking business, and (b) with respect to all
notices and determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and
interest on, any LIBOR Rate Loan, any day that is a Business Day described in
clause (a) and that is also a day for trading by and between banks in Dollar
deposits in the London interbank market.

      "Calculation Date" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
5.1(c).

      "Capital Asset" means, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, any asset that should, in accordance with GAAP, be classified and
accounted for as a capital asset on a Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower
and its Restricted Subsidiaries.

      "Capital Expenditures" means with respect to the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, the aggregate cost of all Capital Assets
acquired by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period, as
determined in accordance with GAAP.

      "Capital Lease" means any lease of any property by the Borrower or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries, as lessee, that should, in accordance with GAAP, be
classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a Consolidated balance sheet
of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries.

      "Cash Equivalents" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
11.3(b).

      "Change in Control" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
12.1(i).

      "Closing Date" means the date of this Agreement or such later Business Day
upon which each condition described in Section 6.2 shall be satisfied or waived
in all respects in a manner acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in its sole
discretion.

      "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the rules and
regulations thereunder, each as amended or modified from time to time.

      "Collateral" shall mean the collateral security for the Obligations
pledged or granted pursuant to the Security Documents.

      "Collateral Agreement" means the collateral agreement of even date
herewith executed by the Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries that are
Restricted Subsidiaries in favor of the Administrative Agent for the ratable
benefit of itself and the Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit I, as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      "Commitment" means, as to any Lender, the sum of such Lender's Revolving
Credit Commitment and Term Loan Commitment as set forth opposite such Lender's
name on Schedule 1 hereto, as such Commitment may be increased, reduced or
otherwise modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms
hereof.

      "Commitment Percentage" means, as to any Lender at any time, the ratio of
(a) the amount of the Commitment of such Lender to (b) the Aggregate Commitment
of all the Lenders.

      "Consolidated" means, when used with reference to financial statements or
financial statement items of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, such statements
or items on a consolidated basis in accordance with applicable principles of
consolidation under GAAP.

      "Credit Facility" means, collectively, the Revolving Credit Facility, the
Term Loan Facility and the L/C Facility.

      "Debt" means, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
at any date and without duplication, the sum of the following calculated in
accordance with GAAP: (a) all liabilities, obligations and indebtedness for
borrowed money including, but not limited to, obligations evidenced by bonds,
debentures, notes or other similar instruments of any such Person, (b) all
obligations to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services of any
such Person (including, without limitation, all obligations under
non-competition agreements), except trade payables arising in the ordinary
course of business not more than ninety (90) days past due, (c) all obligations
of any such Person as lessee under Capital Leases to the extent such obligations
are required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP, (d) all Debt of any
other Person secured by a Lien on any asset of any such Person, (e) all Guaranty
Obligations of any such Person, (f) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of
any such Person relative to the face amount of letters of credit, whether or not
drawn, including, without limitation, any Reimbursement Obligation, and banker's
acceptances issued for the account of any such Person, (g) all obligations of
any such Person to redeem, repurchase, exchange, defease or otherwise make
payments in respect of capital stock or other securities or partnership
interests of such Person and, (h) all net payment obligations incurred by any
such Person pursuant to Hedging Agreements; provided, however, that Bonding
Obligations shall not be considered Debt.

      "Default" means any of the events specified in Section 12.1 which with the
passage of time, the giving of notice or any other condition, would constitute
an Event of Default.

      "Disputes" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.6.

      "Dollars" or "$" means, unless otherwise qualified, dollars in lawful
currency of the United States.

      "Dollar Equivalent" means, at any time of determination, (a) with respect
to any L/C Obligation denominated in Dollars, the amount thereof and (b) with
respect to any L/C Obligation denominated in a currency other than Dollars, the
amount of Dollars which is equivalent to the amount of such L/C Obligation at
the most favorable spot exchange rate determined by the Administrative Agent to
be available to it at such time of determination.

      "Domestic Subsidiary" means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the
Borrower organized under the laws of the United States, the law of any State
thereof or the laws of Puerto Rico.

      "EBITDA" means, for any period, the sum of the following determined on a
Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP: (a) Net Income for such period plus (b)
the sum of the following to the extent deducted in determining Net Income: (i)
income and franchise taxes, (ii) Interest Expense, (iii) amortization and
depreciation, (iv) expenses related to the transactions contemplated under this
agreement, (v) extraordinary losses, (vi) non-cash losses from the sale of
assets, (vii) in connection with the Acquisition, a one-time non-cash write-off
relating to "in process" research and development of Sensors and (viii) non-cash
minority interest deductions, less (c) interest income and any extraordinary
gains, plus (d) Pro Forma EBITDA; provided, that as of the fiscal quarters
ending on the dates set forth below, EBITDA for the four (4) consecutive fiscal
quarter period ending on such date shall be adjusted to reflect historical
EBITDA attributable to Sensors by the below amount corresponding to such fiscal
quarter end:

                          DATE                         AMOUNT
                          ----                         ------

                   September 30, 2001                $5,200,000
                    December 31, 2001                $3,900,000
                     March 31, 2002                  $2,600,000
                      June 30, 2002                  $1,300,000

      "Eligible Assignee" means, with respect to any assignment of the rights,
interest and obligations of a Lender hereunder, a Person that is at the time of
such assignment (a) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United
States or any state thereof, having combined capital and surplus in excess of
$500,000,000, (b) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other
country that is a member of the Organization of Economic Cooperation and
Development, or a political subdivision of any such country, having combined
capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000, (c) a finance company, insurance
company or other financial institution which in the ordinary course of business
extends credit of the type extended hereunder and that has total assets in
excess of $500,000,000, (d) already a Lender hereunder (whether as an original
party to this Agreement or as the assignee of another Lender), (e) the successor
(whether by transfer of assets, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially all
of the commercial lending business of the assigning Lender, (f) any Affiliate of
the assigning Lender, (g) any Approved Fund or (h) any other Person that has
been approved in writing as an Eligible Assignee by the Borrower (other than
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of
Default) and the Administrative Agent.

      "Eligible Accounts Receivable" means, at any date of determination
thereof, any bona fide Account created or acquired by the Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary thereof in the ordinary course of their business as
presently conducted, for which the Account Debtor has been billed and which
Account satisfies and continues to satisfy the following requirements:

            (i) The Account is a bona fide existing obligation of the named
      Account Debtor arising from the rendering of services or the sale and
      delivery of

      merchandise to such Account Debtor in the ordinary course of business on
      terms that are normal and customary in the business of the Borrower or its
      Restricted Subsidiaries and is actually and absolutely owing to the
      Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower and is not contingent
      for any reason and such Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary has lawful
      and absolute title to such Account;

            (ii) The Account does not arise out of transactions with an
      employee, officer, agent, director, stockholder or other Affiliate of the
      Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof;

            (iii) The Account is evidenced by an invoice and has not remained
      unpaid for a period exceeding ninety (90) days or more beyond the invoice
      date of the invoice;

            (iv) The Account is not due from an Account Debtor whose debt on
      Accounts that are unpaid ninety (90) days or more after the invoice date
      of the respective invoices exceeds fifty percent (50%) of such Account
      Debtor's total debt to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries;

            (v) The Account is a valid, legally enforceable obligation of the
      Account Debtor and no offset (including without limitation discounts,
      advertising allowances, counterclaims or contra accounts) or other defense
      on the part of such Account Debtor or any claim on the part of such
      Account Debtor denying liability thereunder has been asserted; provided,
      however, that if the Account is subject to any such offset, defense or
      claim, or any inventory related thereto has been returned, such account
      shall not be an Eligible Accounts Receivable only to the extent of the
      maximum amount of such offset, defense, claim or return and the balance of
      such Account, if it otherwise represents a valid, uncontested and legally
      enforceable obligation of the Account Debtor and meets all of the other
      criteria for eligibility set forth herein, shall be considered an Eligible
      Account Receivable;

            (vi) The Account Debtor is not the subject of any bankruptcy or
      insolvency proceeding of any kind;

            (vii) The services have been performed (unless billing prior to such
      services having been performed is permitted under the agreement with the
      Account Debtor) or the subject merchandise has been shipped or delivered
      on open Account to the named Account Debtor on an absolute sale basis and
      not on a bill-and-hold, consignment, sale on approval or subject to any
      other repurchase or return agreement and no material part of the subject
      goods has been returned;

            (viii) Other than pursuant to the Security Documents, the Account is
      not subject to any Lien or security interest whatsoever, including any
      Account owed pursuant to any contractual or other obligation of the
      Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof subject to any Bonding
      Obligation;

            (ix) The Account is not evidenced by chattel paper or an instrument
      of any kind;

            (x) The Account is not due from an Account Debtor, except for the
      United States government, its branches and its agencies, whose total debt
      to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, on a Consolidated basis,
      on Accounts exceeds fifteen percent (15%) of the aggregate amount of the
      Eligible Accounts Receivable; provided, however, that the Account shall
      not be an Eligible Account Receivable only to the extent of such excess,
      if it otherwise represents a valid, uncontested and legally enforceable
      obligation of the Account Debtor and meets all of the other criteria for
      eligibility set forth herein;

            (xi) The Account is not due pursuant to a Governmental Contract with
      respect to which the aggregate amount of all Accounts due under such
      Governmental Contract to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a
      Consolidated basis, exceeds fifteen percent (15%) of the aggregate amount
      of the Eligible Accounts Receivable; provided, however, that the Account
      shall not be an Eligible Account Receivable only to the extent of such
      excess, if it otherwise represents a valid, uncontested and legally
      enforceable obligation of the Account Debtor and meets all of the other
      criteria for eligibility set forth herein;

            (xii) The Account has not been turned over to any Person that is not
      a Restricted Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Borrower for collection;

            (xiii) The Administrative Agent has not determined, in good faith in
      its reasonable discretion in accordance with its internal credit policies
      and after fifteen (15) days notice to the Borrower that (A) collection of
      the Account is insecure or (B) the Account may not be paid by reason of
      the Account Debtor's financial inability to pay;

            (xiv) The Account is not with a customer located in any state
      denying creditors access to said state's courts in the absence of a notice
      of business activities report or other similar filing, unless the
      Borrower, its Restricted Subsidiaries and Affiliates have either qualified
      as a foreign corporation authorized to transact business in such state or
      has filed a notice of business activities report or similar filing with
      the applicable state agency for the then current year;

            (xv) With respect to any Account, which is payable to a Foreign
      Subsidiary (any such Account, a "Foreign Account"), the amount of such
      Foreign Account is reported in Dollars (irrespective of the currency in
      which such Account is payable) on the applicable Borrowing Base
      Certificate; provided that no more than thirty percent (30%) of the
      aggregate amount of all Eligible Accounts Receivable at any one time shall
      be Foreign Accounts; and

            (xvi) In addition to the foregoing, with respect to Accounts arising
      out of a Governmental Contract, the Administrative Agent is satisfied as
      to the absence of setoffs, counterclaims and other defenses to payment on
      the part of the United States or

      such state governmental authority.

      "Eligible Inventory" means, at any date of determination, any Inventory of
the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof that satisfies and continues
to satisfy each of the following requirements:

            (a) Any warranty or representation contained in this Agreement or
any of the other Loan Documents applicable either to Inventory in general or to
any specific Inventory remains true and correct in all material respects with
respect to such Inventory;

            (b) If the Inventory is located in a public warehouse, the
Administrative Agent shall have received a control agreement, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;

            (c) The Inventory is not under consignment to or from any Person;

            (d) The Inventory is free from defects which would materially and
adversely affect the market value thereof;

            (e) The Inventory meets in all material respects all standards
imposed by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such
Inventory, its use or sale, and is either currently useable or currently
saleable in the normal course of the Borrower's or any Restricted Subsidiary's
business;

            (f) The Inventory was produced in accordance with the Fair Labor
Standards Act and is not subject to the "hot goods" provisions contained in 29
U.S.C.Section 215 or any successor statute or section;

            (g) The Inventory is not obsolete or currently unfit for use or sale
in the ordinary course of the business of the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary thereof;

            (h) Other than pursuant to the Security Documents, the Inventory is
not subject to any Lien or security interest whatsoever; provided that for
purposes hereof, any Inventory subject to a progress payment shall not be
considered to be subject to a Lien or security interest.

            (i) If the Inventory has been purchased with a trade letter of
credit, all reimbursement and similar obligations with respect to such trade
letter of credit has been paid in full;

            (j) With respect to any Inventory located outside of the United
States (any such Inventory, "Foreign Inventory"), no more than thirty percent
(30%) of the aggregate amount of all Eligible Inventory at any one time shall be
Foreign Inventory; and

            (k) The Administrative Agent has not determined, in good faith in
its reasonable discretion in accordance with its internal credit policies, that
the Inventory is

otherwise ineligible.

      "Eligible Unbilled Receivables" means, at any date of determination
thereof, any Account (i) which is an Eligible Accounts Receivable, but for the
fact such Account has not been invoiced (a) as a result of normal frequency of
billing under the particular contract, or (b) as a result of government delays
in the preparation of contract documents and (ii) which will be invoiced within
ninety (90) days of the "as of" date of the particular Borrowing Base
Certificate setting forth such Account.

      "Employee Benefit Plan" means any employee benefit plan within the meaning
of Section 3(3) of ERISA which (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower
or any ERISA Affiliate or (b) has at any time within the preceding six (6) years
been maintained for the employees of the Borrower or any current or former ERISA
Affiliate.

      "Environmental Claims" means any and all administrative, regulatory or
judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, allegations,
notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations (other than internal
reports prepared by any Person in the ordinary course of business and not in
response to any third party action or request of any kind) or proceedings
relating in any way to any actual or alleged violation of or liability under any
Environmental Law or any permit issued, or any approval given, under any such
Environmental Law, including, without limitation, any and all claims by
Governmental Authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial
or other actions or damages, contribution, indemnification cost recovery,
compensation or injunctive relief resulting from Hazardous Materials or arising
from alleged injury or threat of injury to human health or the environment.

      "Environmental Laws" means any and all federal, foreign, state, provincial
and local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, licenses,
approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities,
relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including, but
not limited to, requirements pertaining to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transportation, handling,
reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation or remediation of Hazardous
Materials.

      "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the
rules and regulations thereunder, each as amended or modified from time to time.

      "ERISA Affiliate" means any Person who, together with the Borrower, is
treated as a single employer within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or
(o) of the Code or Section 4001(b) of ERISA.

      "Eurodollar Reserve Percentage" means, for any day, the percentage
(expressed as a decimal and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next higher
1/100th of 1%) which is in effect for such day as prescribed by the Federal
Reserve Board (or any successor) for determining the maximum reserve requirement
(including, without limitation, any basic, supplemental or emergency reserves)
in respect of eurocurrency liabilities or any similar category of liabilities
for a member bank of the Federal Reserve System in New York City.

      "Event of Default" means any of the events specified in Section 12.1,
provided that any requirement for passage of time, giving of notice, or any
other condition, has been satisfied.

      "Excess Cash Flow" means, for any period of determination, the sum of (a)
EBITDA for such period (determined by adding back thereto any amounts deducted
in determining Net Income for such period that were paid, incurred or accrued by
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in violation of any of the other
provisions of this Agreement), minus (b) income and franchise taxes (paid or
payable in cash) and (to the extent permitted hereunder) Interest Expense (paid
or payable in cash) minus (c) all principal payments made in respect of Debt
during such period, to the extent permitted hereunder (excluding Excess Cash
Flow Payments pursuant to Section 4.4(b)(vii)) minus (d) all Capital
Expenditures made in cash during such period, to the extent permitted hereunder,
minus (e) non-scheduled principal payments of Term Loans (excluding Excess Cash
Flow Payments pursuant to Section 4.4(b)(v)) and plus or minus (as applicable)
(f) changes in working capital.

      "Excess Proceeds" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
4.4(b)(vii).

      "Existing Facility" means the credit facility established by the Amended
and Restated Revolving Credit Loan and Term Loan Agreement by and among the
Borrower, DRS Technologies Canada Company, DRS Technologies Canada, Inc., DRS
EO, Inc. and DRS FPA, L.P., as Co-Borrowers, Mellon Bank, N.A., as Agent, Mellon
Bank Canada, as Lender and the other Lenders signatory thereto, as Lenders,
dated as of October 20, 1998 as amended from time to time.

      "Existing Foreign Currency Letters of Credit" means (a) letter of credit
number 866287 issued by Mellon Bank, N.A. in the face amount of L750,000 and (b)
letter of credit number 869397 issued by Mellon Bank, N.A. in the face amount of
CDN $1,000,000.

      "Existing Letters of Credit" means those letters of credit issued by
Mellon Bank, N.A. and existing on the Closing Date and identified on Schedule
7.1(t).

      "Extensions of Credit" means, as to any Lender at any time, (a) an amount
equal to the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit
Loans made by such Lender then outstanding, (ii) such Lender's Revolving Credit
Commitment Percentage of the L/C Obligations then outstanding, (iii) such
Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the Swingline Loans then
outstanding and (iv) the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans made by
such Lender then outstanding, or (b) the making of any Loan or participation in
any Letter of Credit by such Lender, as the context requires.

      "FDIC" means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or any successor
thereto.

      "Federal Funds Rate" means, the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if
necessary, to the next higher 1/100th of 1%) representing the daily effective
federal funds rate as quoted by the Administrative Agent and confirmed in
Federal Reserve Board Statistical Release H.15 (519) or any successor or
substitute publication selected by the Administrative Agent. If, for any reason,
such rate is not available, then "Federal Funds Rate" shall mean a daily rate
which is determined,

in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to be the rate at which federal
funds are being offered for sale in the national federal funds market at 9:00
a.m. (Charlotte time). Rates for weekends or holidays shall be the same as the
rate for the most immediately preceding Business Day.

      "First Union" means First Union National Bank, a national banking
association, and its successors.

      "Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries ending on March 31.

      "Fixed Charges" means, for any period, the sum of the following determined
on a Consolidated basis, without duplication, for the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP: (a) Interest Expense (paid in
cash), (b) scheduled principal payments with respect to Debt, and (c) cash
taxes.

      "Foreign Accounts" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in clause (vii)
of the definition of Eligible Accounts Receivable.

      "Foreign Subsidiary" means any direct or indirect subsidiary of the
Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.

      "GAAP" means United States generally accepted accounting principles, as
recognized by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the
Financial Accounting Standards Board, consistently applied and maintained on a
consistent basis for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries throughout the period
indicated.

      "Governmental Approvals" means all authorizations, consents, approvals,
licenses and exemptions of, registrations and filings with, and reports to, all
Governmental Authorities.

      "Governmental Authority" means any nation, province, state or political
subdivision thereof, and any government or any Person exercising executive,
legislative, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to
government, and any corporation or other entity owned or controlled, through
stock or capital ownership or otherwise, by any of the foregoing.

      "Governmental Contract" means a contract between the Borrower and an
agency, department or instrumentality of the United States or any state
Governmental Authority in the United States where such Borrower is the prime
contractor.

      "Guaranty Obligation" means, with respect to the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries, without duplication, any obligation, contingent or
otherwise, of any such Person pursuant to which such Person has directly or
indirectly guaranteed any Debt or other obligation of any other Person and,
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or
indirect, contingent or otherwise, of any such Person (a) to purchase or pay (or
advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt or other
obligation (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, by agreement
to keep well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay,
or to maintain financial statement condition or otherwise) or (b) entered

into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Debt or
other obligation of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss
in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided, that the term Guaranty
Obligation shall not include (i) endorsements for collection or deposit in the
ordinary course of business or (ii) guarantees by the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary thereof of any non-Debt obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary thereof.

      "Hazardous Materials" means any substances or materials (a) which are or
become defined as hazardous wastes, hazardous substances, pollutants,
contaminants, chemical substances or mixtures or toxic substances under any
Environmental Law, (b) which are toxic, explosive, corrosive, flammable,
infectious, radioactive, carcinogenic, mutagenic or otherwise harmful to human
health or the environment and are or become regulated by any Governmental
Authority, (c) the presence of which require investigation or remediation under
any Environmental Law or common law, (d) the discharge or emission or release of
which requires a permit or license under any Environmental Law or other
Governmental Approval, (e) which are deemed to constitute a nuisance or a
trespass which pose a health or safety hazard to Persons or neighboring
properties, or (f) which contain, without limitation, asbestos, polychlorinated
biphenyls, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, petroleum hydrocarbons, petroleum
derived substances or waste, crude oil, nuclear fuel, natural gas or synthetic
gas.

      "Hedging Agreement" means any agreement with respect to any Interest Rate
Contract, forward rate agreement, commodity swap, forward foreign exchange
agreement, currency swap agreement, cross-currency rate swap agreement, currency
option agreement or other agreement or arrangement designed to alter the risks
of any Person arising from fluctuations in interest rates, currency values or
commodity prices, all as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time.

      "Increase Notification" means the written notice by the Borrower of its
desire to increase the Term Loan Commitment pursuant to Section 4.6.

      "Increase Notification Date" means the date on which the Increase
Notification is received by the Administrative Agent.

      "Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds" shall have the meaning assigned
thereto in Section 4.4(b)(iv).

      "Interest Expense" means, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries for any period, the gross interest expense (including, without
limitation, interest expense attributable to Capital Leases and all net payment
obligations pursuant to Hedging Agreements) of the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, all determined for such period on a Consolidated basis, without
duplication, in accordance with GAAP.

      "Interest Period" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
5.1(b).

      "Interest Rate Contract" means any interest rate swap agreement, interest
rate cap agreement, interest rate floor agreement, interest rate collar
agreement, interest rate option or any

other agreement regarding the hedging of interest rate risk exposure executed in
connection with hedging the interest rate exposure of any Person and any
confirming letter executed pursuant to such agreement, all as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

      "Inventory" means all "inventory" (as now or hereafter defined in the UCC)
of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, including, without limitation, all
raw materials, inventory and other materials and supplies, work-in-process,
finished goods, all accessions thereto, documents therefor and any products made
or processed therefrom and all substances, if any, commingled therewith or added
thereto.

      "ISP98" means the International Standby Practices (1998 Revision,
effective January 1, 1999), International Chamber of Commerce Publication No.
590.

      "Issuing Lender" means (a) with respect to Letters of Credit issued
hereunder after the Closing Date, First Union, in its capacity as issuer
thereof, or any successor thereto and (b) with respect to the Existing Letters
of Credit, Mellon Bank, N.A.

      "L/C Commitment" means the lesser of (a) Thirty-Five Million Dollars
($35,000,000) and (b) the Revolving Credit Commitment.

      "L/C Facility" means the letter of credit facility established pursuant to
Article III.

      "L/C Obligations" means at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the
aggregate undrawn and unexpired amount of the then outstanding Letters of Credit
and (b) the aggregate amount of drawings under Letters of Credit which have not
then been reimbursed pursuant to Section 3.5.

      "L/C Participants" means the collective reference to all the Lenders other
than the Issuing Lender.

      "Lender" means each Person executing this Agreement as a Lender
(including, without limitation, the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender
unless the context otherwise requires) set forth on the signature pages hereto
and each Person that hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement as a Lender
pursuant to Section 4.6 or Section 14.10.

      "Lending Office" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such
Lender maintaining such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage or Term
Loan Percentage, as applicable, of the Extensions of Credit.

      "Letters of Credit" means the collective reference to letters of credit
issued pursuant to Section 3.1 and the Existing Letters of Credit.

      "LIBOR" means the rate of interest per annum determined on the basis of
the rate for deposits in Dollars in minimum amounts of at least $5,000,000 for a
period equal to the applicable Interest Period which appears on the Dow Jones
Market Screen 3750 at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business
Days prior to the first day of the applicable Interest

Period (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%). If, for any
reason, such rate does not appear on Dow Jones Market Screen 3750, then "LIBOR"
shall be determined by the Administrative Agent to be the arithmetic average of
the rate per annum at which deposits in Dollars in minimum amounts of at least
$5,000,000 would be offered by first class banks in the London interbank market
to the Administrative Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2)
Business Days prior to the first day of the applicable Interest Period for a
period equal to such Interest Period. Each calculation by the Administrative
Agent of LIBOR shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest
error.

      "LIBOR Rate" means a rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the
next higher 1/100th of 1%) determined by the Administrative Agent pursuant to
the following formula:

      LIBOR Rate =               LIBOR
                   ----------------------------------
                   1.00-Eurodollar Reserve Percentage

      "LIBOR Rate Loan" means any Loan bearing interest at a rate based upon the
LIBOR Rate as provided in Section 5.1(a).

      "Lien" means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, leasehold mortgage,
lien, pledge, charge, security interest, hypothecation or encumbrance of any
kind in respect of such asset. For the purposes of this Agreement, a Person
shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any asset which it has acquired or
holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale
agreement, Capital Lease or other title retention agreement relating to such
asset.

      "Loan Documents" means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the
Applications, the Security Documents, each joinder agreement executed pursuant
to Section 9.11 and each other document, instrument, certificate and agreement
executed and delivered by the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof in connection
with this Agreement or otherwise referred to herein or contemplated hereby
(excluding any Hedging Agreement), all as may be amended, restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time.

      "Loans" means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Loans, the
Term Loans, the Swingline Loans, and "Loan" means any of such Loans.

      "Material Adverse Effect" means, with respect to the Borrower or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries or Sensors, a material adverse effect on (i) the
properties, business, prospects, operations or condition (financial or
otherwise) of such Persons, taken as a whole, or (ii) the ability of such
Persons, taken as a whole, to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents
in each case to which they are parties.

      "Material Contract" means (a) any contract or other agreement, written or
oral, of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries involving monetary
liability of or to any Person in an amount in excess of $5,000,000 per annum, or
(b) any other contract or agreement, written or oral, of the Borrower or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries the failure to comply with which could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      "Multiemployer Plan" means a "multiemployer plan" as defined in Section
4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is making, or
is accruing an obligation to make, or has accrued an obligation to make
contributions within the preceding six (6) years.

      "Net Cash Proceeds" means, as applicable, (a) with respect to any sale or
other disposition of assets, the gross cash proceeds received by the Borrower or
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from such sale less the sum of (i) all income
taxes and other taxes assessed (or reasonably anticipated to be payable) by a
Governmental Authority as a result of such sale and any other fees and expenses
incurred in connection therewith, (ii) net reserves required in accordance with
GAAP in connection with such sale and (iii) the principal amount of, premium, if
any, and interest on any Debt secured by a Lien on the asset (or a portion
thereof) sold, which Debt is required to be repaid in connection with such sale,
(b) with respect to any offering of capital stock or issuance of Debt, the gross
cash proceeds received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
therefrom less all reasonable legal, underwriting and other reasonable fees and
expenses incurred in connection therewith and (c) with respect to any payment
under an insurance policy or in connection with a condemnation proceeding, the
amount of cash proceeds received by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries
from an insurance company or Governmental Authority, as applicable, net of all
reasonable expenses of collection.

      "Net Income" means, with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries, for any period of determination, the net income (or loss) of the
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a
Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be
excluded from Net Income the net income (or loss) of any Person accrued prior to
the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary of such Person or is merged into or
consolidated with such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or that
Person's assets are acquired by such Person or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries.

      "New Lender" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 4.6(b).

      "Notes" means the collective reference to the Revolving Credit Notes, the
Term Notes and Swingline Notes, and "Note" means any of such Notes.

      "Notice of Account Designation" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in
Section 2.3(b).

      "Notice of Borrowing" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
2.3(a).

      "Notice of Conversion/Continuation" shall have the meaning assigned
thereto in Section 5.2.

      "Notice of Prepayment" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
2.4(c).

      "Obligations" means, in each case, whether now in existence or hereafter
arising: (a) the principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after
the filing of any bankruptcy or similar petition) the Loans, (b) the L/C
Obligations, (c) all existing or future payment and other obligations owing by
the Borrower under any Hedging Agreement (which such Hedging

Agreement is permitted hereunder) with any Person that is a Lender hereunder at
the time such Hedging Agreement is executed, (all such obligations with respect
to any such Hedging Agreement, "Hedging Obligations") and (d) all other fees and
commissions (including attorneys' fees), charges, indebtedness, loans,
liabilities, financial accommodations, obligations, covenants and duties owing
by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to the Lenders or the
Administrative Agent, in each case under or in respect of this Agreement, any
Note, any Letter of Credit or any of the other Loan Documents of every kind,
nature and description, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to
become due, contractual or tortious, liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or
not evidenced by any note.

      "Officer's Compliance Certificate" shall have the meaning assigned thereto
in Section 8.2.

      "Other Taxes" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.11(b).

      "PBGC" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor
agency.

      "Pension Plan" means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer
Plan, which is subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of
the Code and which (a) is maintained for the employees of the Borrower or any
ERISA Affiliates or (b) has at any time within the preceding six (6) years been
maintained for the employees of the Borrower or any of its current or former
ERISA Affiliates.

      "Performance Based Letters of Credit" means standby Letters of Credit
issued to ensure the performance of services and/or delivery of goods by or on
behalf of the Borrower.

      "Permitted Acquisition" means any acquisition permitted by Section
11.3(d).

      "Permitted Acquisition Consideration" means the aggregate amount of the
purchase price (including, but not limited to, any assumed debt, earn-outs
(valued at the maximum amount payable thereunder), deferred payments, or capital
stock of the Borrower, net of the applicable acquired company's cash (including
Cash Equivalents) balance as shown on its most recent financial statements
delivered in connection with the applicable Permitted Acquisition) to be paid on
a singular basis in connection with any applicable Permitted Acquisition as set
forth in the applicable Permitted Acquisition Documents executed by the Borrower
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in order to consummate the applicable
Permitted Acquisition.

      "Permitted Acquisition Documents" means the merger, stock and/or asset
purchase documents entered into in connection with any Permitted Acquisition.

      "Permitted Lien" means any Lien permitted pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof.

      "Person" means an individual, corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, association, trust, business trust, joint venture, joint stock
company, pool, syndicate, sole proprietorship, unincorporated organization,
Governmental Authority or any other form of entity or group thereof.

      "Pledge Agreement" means the collective reference to the pledge agreements
executed by the Borrower (or applicable Restricted Subsidiary thereof) in favor
of the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of itself and the Lenders,
substantially in the form of Exhibit L hereto, as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified.

      "Prime Rate" means, at any time, the rate of interest per annum publicly
announced from time to time by First Union as its prime rate. Each change in the
Prime Rate shall be effective as of the opening of business on the day such
change in such prime rate occurs. The parties hereto acknowledge that the rate
announced publicly by First Union as its prime rate is an index or base rate and
shall not necessarily be its lowest or best rate charged to its customers or
other banks.

      "Pro Forma EBITDA" means with respect to any Person acquired in connection
with a Permitted Acquisition consummated during any calculation period, EBITDA
of such acquired Person calculated on a pro forma basis as of the first day of
such calculation period.

      "Purchasing Lender" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
14.10.

      "Register" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 14.10(d).

      "Reimbursement Obligation" means the obligation of the Borrower to
reimburse the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.5 for amounts drawn under
Letters of Credit.

      "Required Lenders" means, at any date, any combination of Lenders holding
at least fifty-one percent (51%) of each of (a) the Revolving Credit Commitment
(or, if the Revolving Credit Facility has been terminated, any combination of
Lenders holding at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the aggregate outstanding
Extensions of Credit thereunder) and (b) the aggregate outstanding Extensions of
Credit under the Term Loan Facility.

      "Responsible Officer" means any of the following: the chief executive
officer, chief financial officer or corporate controller of the Borrower or any
other officer of the Borrower reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.

      "Restricted Subsidiaries" means all Subsidiaries of the Borrower other
than the Unrestricted Subsidiaries.

      "Revolving Credit Commitment" means (a) as to any Lender, the obligation
of such Lender to make Revolving Credit Loans to the account of the Borrower
hereunder in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed
the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on Schedule 1 hereto as such
amount may be reduced or modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to
the terms hereof and (b) as to all Lenders, the aggregate commitment of all
Lenders to make Revolving Credit Loans, as such amount may be reduced at any
time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof. The Revolving Credit
Commitment of all Lenders on the Closing Date shall be $100,000,000.

      "Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage" means, as to any Lender at any
time, the

ratio of (a) the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitment of such Lender to (b)
the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Lenders.

      "Revolving Credit Facility" means the revolving credit facility
established pursuant to Article II.

      "Revolving Credit Loans" means any revolving loan made to the Borrower
pursuant to Section 2.1, and all such revolving loans collectively as the
context requires.

      "Revolving Credit Notes" means the collective reference to the Revolving
Credit Notes made by the Borrower payable to the order of each Lender,
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, evidencing the Revolving Credit
Facility, and any amendments, supplements and modifications thereto, any
substitutes therefor, and any replacements, restatements, renewals or extension
thereof, in whole or in part; "Revolving Credit Note" means any of such
Revolving Credit Notes.

      "Revolving Credit Maturity Date" means the earliest of the dates referred
to in Section 2.7.

      "Security Documents" means the collective reference to the Subsidiary
Guaranty Agreement, the Collateral Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, and each
other agreement or writing pursuant to which the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary thereof purports to pledge or grant a security interest in any
property or assets securing the Obligations or any such Person purports to
guaranty the payment and/or performance of the Obligations, in each case, as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

      "Sensors" means the collective reference to the assets and business which,
immediately prior to the Closing Date, comprise the Sensors and Electronic
Systems Organization business unit of The Boeing Company.

      "Solvent" means, as to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a
particular date, that any such Person (a) has capital sufficient to carry on its
business and transactions and all business and transactions in which it is about
to engage and is able to pay its debts as they mature, (b) owns property having
a value, both at fair valuation and at present fair saleable value, greater than
the amount required to pay its probable liabilities (including contingencies),
and (c) does not believe that it will incur debts or liabilities beyond its
ability to pay such debts or liabilities as they mature.

      "Subordinated Debt" means the collective reference to any Debt of the
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary subordinated in right and time of payment
to the Obligations and containing such other terms and conditions, in each case
as are reasonably satisfactory to the Required Lenders.

      "Subsidiary" means as to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the
outstanding capital stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting
power to elect a majority of the board of

directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership, limited liability
company or other entity is at the time owned by or the management is otherwise
controlled by such Person (irrespective of whether, at the time, capital stock
or other ownership interests of any other class or classes of such corporation,
partnership, limited liability company or other entity shall have or might have
voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). Unless otherwise
qualified, references to "Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" herein shall refer to
those of the Borrower.

      "Subsidiary Guaranteed Obligations" means the collective reference to the
guaranteed obligations of each of the Restricted Subsidiaries party to the
Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement.

      "Subsidiary Guarantors" means the collective reference to the Domestic
Subsidiaries of the Borrower who are Restricted Subsidiaries executing the
Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement.

      "Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement" means the unconditional guaranty agreement
of even date herewith executed by each of the Subsidiary Guarantors in favor of
the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of itself and the Lenders,
substantially in the form of Exhibit H, as amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time.

      "Swingline Commitment" means the lesser of (a) Five Million Dollars
($5,000,000) and (b) the Revolving Credit Commitment.

      "Swingline Facility" means the swingline facility established pursuant to
Section 2.2.

      "Swingline Lender" means First Union in its capacity as swingline lender
hereunder.

      "Swingline Loan" means any swingline loan made by the Swingline Lender to
the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2, and all such swingline loans collectively
as the context requires.

      "Swingline Note" means the Swingline Note made by the Borrower payable to
the order of the Swingline Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2
hereto, evidencing the Swingline Loans, and any amendments, supplements and
modifications thereto, any substitutes therefor, and any replacements,
restatements, renewals or extensions thereof, in whole or in part.

      "Swingline Termination Date" means the first to occur of (a) the
resignation of First Union as Administrative Agent in accordance with Section
13.9 and (b) the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

      "Taxes" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section 5.11(a).

      "Term Loan Commitment" means (a) as to any Lender, the obligation of such
Lender to make the Term Loans to the account of the Borrower hereunder in an
aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such
Lender's name on Schedule 1 hereto, as such amount may be increased, reduced or
modified at any time or from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof and (b)
as to all Lenders, the aggregate commitment to make Term Loans. The

Term Loan Commitment of all Lenders as of the Closing Date shall be
$140,000,000.

      "Term Loan Facility" shall mean the term loan facility established
pursuant to Article IV.

      "Term Loan Increase Termination Date" means the first to occur of (a)
September 30, 2003, (b) the date of termination by the Administrative Agent on
behalf of the Lenders pursuant to Section 12.2(a), or (c) the date of
termination pursuant to Section 4.4.

      "Term Loan Maturity Date" means the first to occur of (a) September 30,
2008, or (b) the date of termination by the Administrative Agent on behalf of
the Lenders pursuant to Section 12.2(a).

      "Term Loan Percentage" means, as to any Lender, after the Term Loans are
made, the ratio of (i) the outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan of
such Lender to (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Term
Loans of all Lenders.

      "Term Loans" shall mean the term loans to be made to the Borrower by the
Lenders pursuant to Section 4.1 and all Additional Term Loans made to the
Borrower pursuant to Section 4.6.

      "Term Notes" means the Term Notes made by the Borrower payable to the
order of each of the Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-3 hereto,
evidencing the Debt incurred by the Borrower pursuant to the Term Loan Facility,
and any amendments, modifications and supplements thereto, any substitute
therefor, and any replacement, restatements, renewals or extensions thereof, in
whole or in part.

      "Termination Event" means except for any such event or condition that
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (a) a
"Reportable Event" described in Section 4043 of ERISA for which the notice
requirement has not been waived by the PBGC, or (b) the withdrawal of the
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan during a plan year in which
it was a "substantial employer" as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA, or
(c) the termination of a Pension Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to
terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a
termination, under Section 4041 of ERISA, if the plan assets are not sufficient
to pay all plan liabilities, or (d) the institution of proceedings to terminate,
or the appointment of a trustee with respect to, any Pension Plan by the PBGC,
or (e) any other event or condition which would constitute grounds under Section
4042(a) of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to
administer, any Pension Plan, or (f) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to
Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, or (g) the partial or complete
withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan if
withdrawal liability is asserted by such plan, or (h) any event or condition
which results in the reorganization or insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan under
Sections 4241 or 4245 of ERISA, or (h) any event or condition which results in
the termination of a Multiemployer Plan under Section 4041A of ERISA or the
institution by PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Multiemployer Plan under
Section 4042 of ERISA.

      "Total Leverage Ratio" shall have the meaning assigned thereto in Section
10.1.

      "Uniform Customs" means the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary
Credits (1993 Revision), effective January, 1994 International Chamber of
Commerce Publication No. 500.

      "Unrestricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Borrower set forth
on Schedule 2 hereto.

      "UCC" means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New
York, as amended or modified from time to time.

      "United States" means the United States of America.

      "Wholly-Owned" means, with respect to a Subsidiary, that all of the shares
of capital stock or other ownership interests of such Subsidiary are, directly
or indirectly, owned or controlled by the Borrower and/or one or more of its
Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries (except for directors' qualifying shares or other
shares required by Applicable Law to be owned by a Person other than the
Borrower).

      SECTION 1.2 General. Unless otherwise specified, a reference in this
Agreement to a particular article, section, subsection, Schedule or Exhibit is a
reference to that article, section, subsection, Schedule or Exhibit of this
Agreement. Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in
either the singular or plural shall include the singular and plural, and
pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include the
masculine, the feminine and the neuter. Any reference herein to "Charlotte time"
shall refer to the applicable time of day in Charlotte, North Carolina.

      SECTION 1.3 Other Definitions and Provisions.

      (a) Use of Capitalized Terms. Unless otherwise defined therein, all
capitalized terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when
used in this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents or any
certificate, report or other document made or delivered pursuant to this
Agreement.

      (b) Miscellaneous. The words "hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" and words
of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE II

                            REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY

      SECTION 2.1 Revolving Credit Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set
forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Credit Loans to the
Borrower from time to time from

the Closing Date through, but not including, the Revolving Credit Maturity Date
as requested by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of Section 2.3;
provided, that (a) the sum of the aggregate amount of all outstanding Revolving
Credit Loans (after giving effect to the amount requested and the use of the
proceeds thereof to repay Extensions of Credit hereunder), Swingline Loans and
L/C Obligations from any Lender to the Borrower shall at no time exceed such
Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment and (b) no borrowing of Revolving Credit
Loans shall be made if, immediately after giving effect thereto and the use of
the proceeds thereof to repay Extensions of Credit hereunder, the aggregate
principal amount of Revolving Credit Loans then outstanding plus (i) all
outstanding Swingline Loans plus (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all
outstanding L/C Obligations would exceed the then applicable Borrowing Limit.
Each Revolving Credit Loan by a Lender shall be in a principal amount equal to
such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the aggregate principal
amount of Revolving Credit Loans requested on such occasion. Subject to the
terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow
Revolving Credit Loans hereunder until the Revolving Credit Maturity Date.

      SECTION 2.2 Swingline Loans.

      (a) Availability. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower from time to
time from the Closing Date through, but not including, the Swingline Termination
Date; provided, that the Swingline Lender shall have no obligation to make any
Swingline Loan, if, after giving effect to any amount requested and the use of
the proceeds thereof to repay Extensions of Credit hereunder, (a) the aggregate
principal amount of all Swingline Loans then outstanding would exceed the
Swingline Commitment or (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving
Credit Loans then outstanding plus the aggregate principal amount of all
Swingline Loans then outstanding plus the L/C Obligations then outstanding would
exceed the then applicable Borrowing Limit.

      (b) Refunding.

            (i) Swingline Loans shall be refunded by the Lenders (which for such
      purpose shall include the Swingline Lender in its capacity as a Lender
      having a Revolving Credit Commitment) on demand by the Swingline Lender.
      Subject to clause (a) of the proviso to the initial sentence of Section
      2.1 hereof, such refundings shall be made by the Lenders in accordance
      with their respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages and shall
      thereafter be reflected as Revolving Credit Loans of the Lenders on the
      books and records of the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall fund its
      respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of Revolving Credit
      Loans as required to repay Swingline Loans outstanding to the Swingline
      Lender upon demand to such Lender by telecopier (or by telephone promptly
      confirmed by telecopier) by the Swingline Lender but in no event later
      than 2:00 p.m. (Charlotte time) on the next succeeding Business Day after
      such demand is made. No Lender's obligation to fund its respective
      Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of a Swingline Loan shall be
      affected by any other Lender's failure to fund its Revolving Credit
      Commitment Percentage of a Swingline Loan, nor shall any Lender's
      Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage be

      increased as a result of any such failure of any other Lender to fund its
      Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of a Swingline Loan.

            (ii) The Borrower shall pay to the Swingline Lender on demand the
      amount of such Swingline Loans to the extent amounts received from the
      Lenders are not sufficient to repay in full the outstanding Swingline
      Loans requested or required to be refunded. In addition, the Borrower
      hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to charge any account
      maintained by the Borrower with the Swingline Lender (up to the amount
      available therein) in order to immediately pay the Swingline Lender the
      amount of such Swingline Loans to the extent amounts received from the
      Lenders are not sufficient to repay in full the outstanding Swingline
      Loans requested or required to be refunded. If any portion of any such
      amount paid to the Swingline Lender shall be recovered by or on behalf of
      the Borrower from the Swingline Lender in bankruptcy or otherwise, the
      loss of the amount so recovered shall be ratably shared among all the
      Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit Commitment
      Percentages (unless the amounts so recovered by or on behalf of the
      Borrower pertain to a Swingline Loan extended after the occurrence and
      during the continuance of an Event of Default of which the Administrative
      Agent has received notice in the manner required pursuant to Section 13.5
      and which such Event of Default has not been waived by the Required
      Lenders or the Lenders, as applicable).

            (iii) Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to
      refund Swingline Loans in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.2 is
      absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance
      whatsoever, including, without limitation, non-satisfaction of the
      conditions set forth in Article VII. Further, each Lender agrees and
      acknowledges that if prior to the refunding of any outstanding Swingline
      Loans pursuant to this Section 2.2, one of the events described in Section
      12.1(j) or (k) shall have occurred, each Lender will (subject to clause
      (a) of the proviso to the initial sentence of Section 2.1 hereof), on the
      date the applicable Revolving Credit Loan would have been made, purchase
      an undivided participating interest in the Swingline Loan to be refunded
      in an amount equal to its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the
      aggregate amount of such Swingline Loan. Each Lender will immediately
      transfer to the Swingline Lender, in immediately available funds at the
      office of the Swingline Lender, the amount of its participation and upon
      receipt thereof the Swingline Lender will deliver to such Lender a
      certificate evidencing such participation dated the date of receipt of
      such funds and for such amount. Whenever, at any time after the Swingline
      Lender has received from any Lender such Lender's participating interest
      in a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender receives any payment on account
      thereof, the Swingline Lender will promptly distribute to such Lender its
      participating interest in such amount (appropriately adjusted, in the case
      of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such
      Lender's participating interest was outstanding and funded).

      SECTION 2.3 Procedure for Advances of Revolving Credit and Swingline
Loans.

      (a) Requests for Borrowing. The Borrower shall give the Administrative
Agent

irrevocable prior written notice substantially in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit B (a "Notice of Borrowing") not later than 11:00 a.m. (Charlotte time)
(i) on the same Business Day as each Base Rate Loan and each Swingline Loan and
(ii) at least three (3) Business Days before each LIBOR Rate Loan, of its
intention to borrow, specifying (A) the date of such borrowing, which shall be a
Business Day, (B) the amount of such borrowing, which shall be (x) with respect
to Base Rate Loans (other than Swingline Loans) in an aggregate principal amount
of $2,500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof, (y) with
respect to LIBOR Rate Loans in an aggregate principal amount of $2,500,000 or a
whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof and (z) with respect to Swingline
Loans in an aggregate principal amount of $50,000 or a whole multiple of $50,000
in excess thereof, (C) whether such Loan is to be a Revolving Credit Loan or
Swingline Loan, (D) whether the Loans are to be LIBOR Rate Loans or Base Rate
Loans, and (E) in the case of a LIBOR Rate Loan, the duration of the Interest
Period applicable thereto. A Notice of Borrowing received after 11:00 a.m.
(Charlotte time) shall be deemed received on the next Business Day. The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of each Notice of
Borrowing by telecopier (or by telephone promptly confirmed by telecopier).

      (b) Disbursement of Revolving Credit and Swingline Loans. Not later than
2:00 p.m. (Charlotte time) on the proposed borrowing date, subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, (i) each Lender will make available to the
Administrative Agent, for the account of the Borrower, at the office of the
Administrative Agent in funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent,
such Lender's Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of the Revolving Credit
Loans to be made on such borrowing date and (ii) the Swingline Lender will make
available to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Borrower, at the
office of the Administrative Agent in funds immediately available to the
Administrative Agent, the Swingline Loans to be made on such borrowing date;
provided that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender
in that other Lender's obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder nor shall
the commitment of any Lender to make the particular type of Loan requested be
increased or decreased as a result of a default by any other Lender in that
other Lender's obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder. The Borrower
hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds
of each borrowing requested pursuant to this Section 2.3 in immediately
available funds by crediting or wiring such proceeds to the deposit account of
the Borrower identified in the most recent notice substantially in the form of
Exhibit C hereto (a "Notice of Account Designation") delivered by the Borrower
to the Administrative Agent or as may be otherwise agreed upon by the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent from time to time. Subject to Section 5.7 hereof,
the Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to disburse the portion of the
proceeds of any Revolving Credit Loan requested pursuant to this Section 2.3 to
the extent that any Lender has not made available to the Administrative Agent
its Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage of such Loan. Revolving Credit Loans
to be made for the purpose of refunding Swingline Loans shall be made by the
Lenders as provided in Section 2.2(b).

      SECTION 2.4 Repayment of Loans.

      (a) Repayment on Termination Date. The Borrower hereby agrees to repay the
outstanding principal amount of (i) all Revolving Credit Loans in full on the
Revolving Credit Maturity Date, and (ii) all Swingline Loans in accordance with
Section 2.2(b), together, in each

case, with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon.

      (b) Mandatory Repayment of Revolving Credit Loans.

            (i) If at any time the Asset Coverage Ratio as set forth on the most
      recently delivered Borrowing Base Certificate and adjusted on a pro forma
      basis for all Extensions of Credit made and/or repaid since the date of
      the financial information used to determine such Asset Coverage Ratio is
      less than 1.00 to 1.00, the Borrower agrees to immediately repay the
      principal amount of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans in an amount
      sufficient to cause the Asset Coverage Ratio (determined on a pro forma
      basis after giving effect to such payment) to equal or exceed 1.00 to
      1.00.

            (ii) If at any time the outstanding principal amount of all
      Revolving Credit Loans plus the sum of all outstanding Swingline Loans and
      L/C Obligations exceeds the Borrowing Limit, the Borrower agrees to repay
      immediately upon notice from the Administrative Agent, by payment to the
      Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders Extensions of Credit
      in an amount equal to such excess with each such repayment applied first
      to the principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans, second to the
      principal amount of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and third, with
      respect to any Letters of Credit then outstanding, a payment of cash
      collateral into a cash collateral account opened by the Administrative
      Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders in an amount equal to the aggregate
      then undrawn and unexpired Dollar Equivalent amount of such Letters of
      Credit (such cash collateral to be applied in accordance with Section
      12.2(b)).

      (c) Optional Repayments. The Borrower may at any time and from time to
time repay the Loans, in whole or in part, upon at least three (3) Business
Days' irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent with respect to LIBOR Rate
Loans and one (1) Business Day irrevocable notice with respect to Base Rate
Loans and Swingline Loans, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
D (a "Notice of Prepayment") specifying the date and amount of repayment and
whether the repayment is of LIBOR Rate Loans, Base Rate Loans, Swingline Loans
or a combination thereof, and, if of a combination thereof, the amount allocable
to each. Upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly
notify each Lender by telecopier (or by telephone promptly confirmed by
telecopier). If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice
shall be due and payable on the date set forth in such notice. Partial
repayments shall be in an aggregate amount of $2,500,000 or a whole multiple of
$100,000 in excess thereof with respect to Base Rate Loans (other than Swingline
Loans), $2,500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof with
respect to LIBOR Rate Loans and $50,000 or a whole multiple of $50,000 in excess
thereof with respect to Swingline Loans. Each such repayment shall be
accompanied by an amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof.

      (d) Limitation on Repayment of LIBOR Rate Loans. The Borrower may not
repay any LIBOR Rate Loan on any day other than on the last day of the Interest
Period applicable thereto unless such repayment is accompanied by any amount
required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof.

      (e) Hedging Agreements. No repayment or prepayment pursuant to this
Section 2.4 shall affect any of the Borrower's obligations under any Hedging
Agreement.

      SECTION 2.5 Notes.

      (a) Revolving Credit Notes. Except as otherwise provided in Section 14.10
(a) - (e), each Lender's Revolving Credit Loans and the obligation of the
Borrower to repay such Revolving Credit Loans shall be evidenced by a separate
Revolving Credit Note executed by the Borrower payable to the order of such
Lender.

      (b) Swingline Notes. The Swingline Loans and the obligation of the
Borrower to repay such Swingline Loans shall be evidenced by a Swingline Note
executed by the Borrower payable to the order of the Swingline Lender.

      SECTION 2.6 Permanent Reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitment.

      (a) Voluntary Reduction. The Borrower shall have the right at any time and
from time to time, upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice to
the Administrative Agent, to permanently reduce, without premium or penalty, (i)
the entire Revolving Credit Commitment at any time or (ii) portions of the
Revolving Credit Commitment, from time to time, in an aggregate principal amount
not less than $2,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.
Upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each
of the Lenders thereof by telecopier (or by telephone promptly confirmed by
telecopier). The amount of each partial permanent reduction shall permanently
reduce the Lenders' Revolving Credit Commitments pro rata in accordance with
their respective Revolving Credit Commitment Percentages.

      (b) Mandatory Reduction. The Revolving Credit Commitment shall be
permanently reduced on the date of the required prepayment under Section
4.4(b)(vii) by an amount equal to the amount of such Excess Proceeds, to the
extent a corresponding prepayment was made pursuant to 4.4(b)(iii).

      (c) Corresponding Payment. Each permanent reduction permitted or required
pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be accompanied by a payment of principal
sufficient to reduce the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, Swingline
Loans and L/C Obligations, as applicable, after such reduction to the Revolving
Credit Commitment as so reduced and if the Revolving Credit Commitment as so
reduced is less than the aggregate amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit,
the Borrower shall be required to deposit cash collateral in a cash collateral
account opened by the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the aggregate
then undrawn and unexpired Dollar Equivalent amount of such Letters of Credit.
Such cash collateral shall be applied in accordance with Section 12.2(b). Any
reduction of the Revolving Credit Commitment to zero shall be accompanied by
payment of all outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and Swingline Loans (and
furnishing of cash collateral satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for all
L/C Obligations) and shall result in the termination of the Revolving Credit
Commitment and the Swingline Commitment and the Revolving Credit Facility. Such
cash collateral shall be applied in accordance with Section 12.2(b). If the
reduction of the Revolving Credit

Commitment requires the repayment of any LIBOR Rate Loan, such repayment shall
be accompanied by any amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof.

      SECTION 2.7 Termination of Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit
Facility shall terminate on the earliest of (a) September 30, 2006, (b) the date
of termination by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.6, or (c) the date of
termination by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders pursuant to
Section 12.2(a).

                                   ARTICLE III

                            LETTER OF CREDIT FACILITY

      SECTION 3.1 L/C Commitment. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof,
the Issuing Lender, in reliance on the agreements of the other Lenders set forth
in Section 3.4(a), agrees to issue standby Letters of Credit for the account of
the Borrower on any Business Day from the Closing Date through but not including
the Revolving Credit Maturity Date in such form as may be approved from time to
time by the Issuing Lender; provided, that the Issuing Lender shall have no
obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such
issuance, (a) the L/C Obligations would exceed the L/C Commitment or (b) the
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Revolving Credit Loans, plus the
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans, plus the aggregate
amount of L/C Obligations would exceed the then applicable Borrowing Limit. Each
Letter of Credit shall (i) be denominated in Dollars in a minimum amount of
$100,000 (other than the Existing Foreign Currency Letters of Credit), (ii) be a
standby letter of credit issued to support obligations of the Borrower or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries, contingent or otherwise, incurred in the ordinary
course of business, (iii) expire on a date satisfactory to the Issuing Lender,
which date shall be no later than ninety (90) Business Days prior to the
Revolving Credit Maturity Date and (iv) be subject to the Uniform Customs and/or
ISP98, as set forth in the Application or as determined by the Issuing Lender
and, to the extent not inconsistent therewith, the laws of the State of North
Carolina. The Issuing Lender shall not at any time be obligated to issue any
Letter of Credit hereunder if such issuance would conflict with, or cause the
Issuing Lender or any L/C Participant to exceed any limits imposed by, any
Applicable Law. References herein to "issue" and derivations thereof with
respect to Letters of Credit shall also include extensions or modifications of
any existing Letters of Credit, unless the context otherwise requires.

      SECTION 3.2 Procedure for Issuance of Letters of Credit. The Borrower may
from time to time request that the Issuing Lender issue a Letter of Credit by
delivering to the Issuing Lender at the Administrative Agent's Office an
Application therefor, completed to the satisfaction of the Issuing Lender, and
such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as the
Issuing Lender may request. Upon receipt of any Application, the Issuing Lender
shall process such Application and the certificates, documents and other papers
and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its
customary procedures and shall, subject to Section 3.1 and Article VII hereof,
promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall the
Issuing Lender be required to issue any Letter of Credit earlier than three (3)
Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all

such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating
thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary
thereof or as otherwise may be agreed by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower.
The Issuing Lender shall promptly furnish to the Borrower a copy of such Letter
of Credit and promptly notify each Lender of the issuance and upon request by
any Lender, furnish to such Lender a copy of such Letter of Credit and the
amount of such Lender's L/C Participation therein by telecopier (or by telephone
promptly confirmed by telecopier).

      SECTION 3.3 Commissions and Other Charges.

      (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of
the Issuing Lender and the L/C Participants, a letter of credit commission with
respect to each Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the face amount of such
Letter of Credit multiplied by the Applicable Margin with respect to Revolving
Credit Loans that are LIBOR Rate Loans (determined on a per annum basis). Such
commission shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of
each calendar quarter and on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. The
Administrative Agent shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, distribute
to the Issuing Lender and the L/C Participants all commissions received pursuant
to this Section 3.3(a) in accordance with their respective Revolving Credit
Commitment Percentages.

      (b) In addition to the foregoing commission, the Borrower shall pay the
Issuing Lender an issuance fee with respect to each Letter of Credit in an
amount equal to the face amount of such Letter of Credit multiplied by 0.125%
per annum; provided, that such issuance shall not be payable with respect to the
Existing Letter of Credit. Such issuance fee shall be payable quarterly in
arrears on the last Business Day of each calendar quarter and on the Revolving
Credit Maturity Date.

      (c) In addition to the foregoing fees and commissions, the Borrower shall
pay or reimburse the Issuing Lender for such normal and customary costs and
expenses as are incurred or charged by the Issuing Lender in issuing, effecting
payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit.

      SECTION 3.4 L/C Participations.

      (a) The Issuing Lender irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to
each L/C Participant, and, to induce the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of
Credit hereunder, each L/C Participant irrevocably agrees (subject to clause (a)
of the proviso to the initial sentence of Section 2.1 hereof) to accept and
purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the Issuing Lender, on the terms
and conditions hereinafter stated, for such L/C Participant's own account and
risk an undivided interest equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such L/C
Participant's Revolving Credit Commitment Percentage in the Issuing Lender's
obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit issued
hereunder and the amount of each draft paid by the Issuing Lender thereunder.
Each L/C Participant unconditionally and irrevocably agrees with the Issuing
Lender that, if a draft is paid under any Letter of Credit for which the Issuing
Lender is not reimbursed in full by the Borrower through a Revolving Credit Loan
or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such L/C
Participant shall (subject to clause (a) of

the proviso to the initial sentence of Section 2.1 hereof) pay to the Issuing
Lender upon demand at the Issuing Lender's address for notices specified herein
an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such L/C Participant's Revolving
Credit Commitment Percentage of the amount of such draft, or any part thereof,
which is not so reimbursed.

      (b) Upon becoming aware of any amount required to be paid by any L/C
Participant to the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.4(a) in respect of any
unreimbursed portion of any payment made by the Issuing Lender under any Letter
of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall notify each L/C Participant by telecopier
(or by telephone promptly confirmed by telecopier) of the amount and due date
(which shall not be less than one (1) Business Day after the giving of such
notice) of such required payment and such L/C Participant shall pay to the
Issuing Lender the amount specified on the applicable due date. If any such
amount is paid to the Issuing Lender after the date such payment is due, such
L/C Participant shall pay to the Issuing Lender on demand, in addition to such
amount, the product of (i) such amount, times (ii) the daily average Federal
Funds Rate as determined by the Administrative Agent during the period from and
including the date such payment is due to the date on which such payment is
immediately available to the Issuing Lender, times (iii) a fraction the
numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during such period and the
denominator of which is 360. A certificate of the Issuing Lender with respect to
any amounts owing under this Section 3.4(b) shall be conclusive in the absence
of manifest error. With respect to payment to the Issuing Lender of the
unreimbursed amounts described in this Section 3.4(b), if the L/C Participants
receive notice that any such payment is due (A) prior to 1:00 p.m. (Charlotte
time) on any Business Day, such payment shall be due that Business Day, and (B)
after 1:00 p.m. (Charlotte time) on any Business Day, such payment shall be due
on the following Business Day.

      (c) Whenever, at any time after the Issuing Lender has made payment under
any Letter of Credit and has received from any L/C Participant its Revolving
Credit Commitment Percentage of such payment in accordance with this Section
3.4, the Issuing Lender receives any payment related to such Letter of Credit
(whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, or any payment of interest on
account thereof, the Issuing Lender will promptly distribute to such L/C
Participant its pro rata share thereof; provided, that in the event that any
such payment received by the Issuing Lender shall be required to be returned by
the Issuing Lender, such L/C Participant shall return to the Issuing Lender the
portion thereof previously distributed by the Issuing Lender to it.

      SECTION 3.5 Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrower. In the event of any
drawing under any Letter of Credit, the Borrower agrees to reimburse (either
with the proceeds of a Revolving Credit Loan or a Swingline Loan as provided for
in this Section 3.5 or with funds from other sources), in same day funds, the
Issuing Lender on each date on which the Issuing Lender notifies the Borrower of
the date and amount of a draft paid under any Letter of Credit for the Dollar
Equivalent amount of (a) such draft so paid and (b) any amounts referred to in
Section 3.3(c) incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with such payment.
Unless the Borrower shall immediately notify the Issuing Lender that the
Borrower intends to reimburse the Issuing Lender for such drawing from other
sources or funds, the Borrower shall be deemed to have timely given a Notice of
Borrowing to the Administrative Agent requesting that the Lenders make a
Revolving Credit Loan or, if less than the minimum amount for such Loan, a
Swingline

Loan, bearing interest at the Base Rate on such date in the Dollar Equivalent
amount of (a) such draft so paid and (b) any amounts referred to in Section
3.3(c) incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with such payment, and (not
later than one (1) Business Day after being given notice thereof by the
Administrative Agent by telecopier (or by telephone promptly confirmed by
telecopier)) the Lenders shall make a Revolving Credit Loan or, if less than the
minimum amount for such Loan, a Swingline Loan, bearing interest at the Base
Rate in such amount, the proceeds of which shall be applied to reimburse the
Issuing Lender for the amount of the related drawing and costs and expenses.
Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to fund a Revolving
Credit Loan or, if less than the minimum amount for such Loan, a Swingline Loan,
in accordance with this Section 3.5 to reimburse the Issuing Lender for any
draft paid under a Letter of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not
be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation,
non-satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.3(a) or Article VII.
If the Borrower has elected to pay the amount of such drawing with funds from
other sources and shall fail to reimburse the Issuing Lender as provided above,
the unreimbursed amount of such drawing shall bear interest at the rate which
would be payable on any outstanding Base Rate Loans which were then overdue from
the date such amounts become payable (whether at stated maturity, by
acceleration or otherwise) until payment in full.

      SECTION 3.6 Obligations Absolute. The Borrower's obligations under this
Article III (including, without limitation, the Reimbursement Obligation) shall
be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective
of any set-off, counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower may have
or have had against the Issuing Lender or any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit
or any other Person. The Borrower also agrees that the Issuing Lender and the
L/C Participants shall not be responsible for, and the Borrower's Reimbursement
Obligation under Section 3.5 shall not be affected by, among other things, the
validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even though
such documents shall in fact prove to be invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any
dispute between or among the Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of
Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred or
any claims whatsoever of the Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of
Credit or any such transferee. The Issuing Lender shall not be liable for any
error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of
any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of
Credit, except for errors or omissions caused by the Issuing Lender's gross
negligence or willful misconduct. The Borrower agrees that any action taken or
omitted by the Issuing Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit
or the related drafts or documents, if done in the absence of gross negligence
or willful misconduct, shall be binding on the Borrower and shall not result in
any liability of the Issuing Lender or any L/C Participant to the Borrower. The
responsibility of the Issuing Lender to the Borrower in connection with any
draft presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any
payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited
to determining that the documents (including each draft) delivered under such
Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are in conformity with such
Letter of Credit.

      SECTION 3.7 Effect of Application. To the extent that any provision of any
Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions
of this Article III, the provisions of this Article III shall apply.

      SECTION 3.8 Existing Foreign Currency Letters of Credit. For purposes of
calculating the amount of L/C Obligations with respect to Existing Foreign
Currency Letters of Credit under (a) Section 2.1, Section 2.2(a), Section 2.4(b)
and Section 3.1, such L/C Obligations shall be calculated at the Dollar
Equivalent amount of such L/C Obligations as of the first Business Day of the
current calendar month and (b) for all other purposes based on the Dollar
Equivalent amount as of the Business Day immediately preceding such date of
determination.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                               TERM LOAN FACILITY

      SECTION 4.1 Term Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, each Lender severally agrees to make Term Loans to the Borrower on
the Closing Date. The Term Loans shall be funded by each Lender in a principal
amount equal to such Lender's Term Loan Percentage of the aggregate principal
amount of the Term Loans made on the Closing Date, which aggregate principal
amount shall equal the total Term Loan Commitment as of the Closing Date.

      SECTION 4.2 Procedure for Advance of Term Loan. The Borrower shall give
the Administrative Agent an irrevocable Notice of Borrowing prior to 11:00 a.m.
(Charlotte time) on the Closing Date requesting that the Lenders make the Term
Loans as Base Rate Loans on such date. Upon receipt of such Notice of Borrowing
from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender
thereof by telecopier (or by telephone promptly confirmed by telecopier). Not
later than 2:00 p.m. (Charlotte time) on the Closing Date, each Lender will make
available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Borrower, at the
office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds, the amount of
such Term Loan to be made by such Lender on such borrowing date. The Borrower
hereby irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to disburse the proceeds
of the Term Loans in immediately available funds by wire transfer to such Person
or Persons as may be designated by the Borrower.

      SECTION 4.3 Repayment of Term Loan. The Borrower shall repay the aggregate
outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans in consecutive quarterly
installments on the last Business Day of each of March, June, September and
December commencing December 31, 2001 as set forth below, except as the amounts
of individual installments may be adjusted pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof:

          PAYMENT DATE                    PRINCIPAL           TERM LOAN AMOUNT
If the Payment Date specified is         INSTALLMENT                ($)
   not a Business Day, the                   ($)
  Payment Date shall be deemed
     to be the Business Day
 immediately preceding the date.
- --------------------------------         -----------          ----------------

        December 31, 2001                   350,000             139,650,000
         March 31, 2002                     350,000             139,300,000
          June 30, 2002                     350,000             138,950,000
       September 30, 2002                   350,000             138,600,000
        December 31, 2002                   350,000             138,250,000
         March 31, 2003                     350,000             137,900,000
          June 30, 2003                     350,000             137,550,000
       September 30, 2003                   350,000             137,200,000
        December 31, 2003                   350,000             136,850,000
         March 31, 2004                     350,000             136,500,000
          June 30, 2004                     350,000             136,150,000
       September 30, 2004                   350,000             135,800,000
        December 31, 2004                   350,000             135,450,000
         March 31, 2005                     350,000             135,100,000
          June 30, 2005                     350,000             134,750,000
       September 30, 2005                   350,000             134,400,000
        December 31, 2005                   350,000             134,050,000
         March 31, 2006                     350,000             133,700,000
          June 30, 2006                     350,000             133,350,000
       September 30, 2006                   350,000             133,000,000
        December 31, 2006                   350,000             132,650,000
         March 31, 2007                     350,000             132,300,000
          June 30, 2007                     350,000             131,950,000
       September 30, 2007                   350,000             131,600,000
        December 31, 2007                32,900,000              98,700,000
         March 31, 2008                  32,900,000              65,800,000
          June 30, 2008                  32,900,000              32,900,000
       September 30, 2008                32,900,000                       0

If not sooner paid, the Term Loans shall be paid in full, together with accrued
interest thereon, on the Term Loan Maturity Date.

      SECTION 4.4 Prepayments of Term Loan.

      (a) Optional Prepayment of Term Loans. The Borrower shall have the right
at any time and from time to time, upon delivery to the Administrative Agent of
a Notice of Prepayment at least three (3) Business Days prior to any repayment,
to prepay the Term Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty except
as provided in Section 5.9. The Administrative Agent shall promptly give each of
the Lenders notice of any such proposed

prepayment by telecopier (or by telephone promptly confirmed by telecopier).
Each optional prepayment of the Term Loans hereunder shall be in an aggregate
principal amount of at least $2,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in
excess thereof and shall be applied to the outstanding principal installments of
the Term Loans in inverse order of maturity thereof. Each repayment shall be
accompanied by any amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof.

      (b) Mandatory Prepayment of Term Loan.

            (i) Debt Proceeds. The Borrower shall make mandatory principal
      prepayments of the Term Loans in the manner set forth in Section
      4.4(b)(vii) below in amounts equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the
      aggregate Net Cash Proceeds from any incurrence of Debt (excluding Debt
      permitted pursuant to Section 11.1) by the Borrower or any of its
      Restricted Subsidiaries. Such prepayment shall be made within three (3)
      Business Days after the date of receipt of Net Cash Proceeds of any such
      transaction.

            (ii) Equity Proceeds. If at any time the Total Leverage Ratio
      exceeds 2.00 to 1.00, the Borrower shall make mandatory principal
      prepayments of the Term Loans in the manner set forth in Section
      4.4(b)(vii) below in amounts equal to fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate
      Net Cash Proceeds from any offering of equity securities by the Borrower
      or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding (A) offerings of equity
      securities made in connection with employee stock option or incentive
      plans or made in connection with compensation or incentive plans for
      directors and officers, in each case entered into in the ordinary course
      of business and (B) the exercise of warrants existing on the Closing Date
      and set forth on Schedule 7.1(b)). Such prepayment shall be made within
      three (3) Business Days after the date of receipt of Net Cash Proceeds of
      any such transaction.

            (iii) Asset Sale Proceeds. No later than one hundred eighty (180)
      days following the Borrower's or applicable Restricted Subsidiary's
      receipt thereof, the Borrower shall make mandatory principal prepayments
      of the Term Loans in the manner set forth in Section 4.4(b)(vii) below in
      amounts equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate Net Cash
      Proceeds from the sale or other disposition or series of related sales or
      other dispositions of assets, excluding asset sales and dispositions
      permitted by Section 11.5(a) through and including Section 11.5(d) (the
      "Asset Sale Proceeds") by the Borrower or any of its Restricted
      Subsidiaries which have not been reinvested as of such date in similar
      replacement assets unless such Asset Sale Proceeds have been committed to
      be reinvested within such one hundred eighty (180) day period and are
      thereafter actually reinvested within two hundred seventy (270) days after
      receipt of such Asset Sale Proceeds. If such Asset Sale Proceeds are not
      actually reinvested in accordance with the terms of this Section
      4.4(b)(iii) by the date which is two hundred seventy (270) days after the
      receipt thereof, the Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment in an
      amount equal to such Asset Sale Proceeds as described above on such date.
      Notwithstanding any of the foregoing to the contrary, upon and during the
      continuance of an Event of Default and upon notice from the Administrative
      Agent, all Asset Sale Proceeds, received by the

      Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be applied to make
      prepayments of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 4.4(b)(vii), such
      prepayments to be made within three (3) Business Days after the Borrower's
      receipt of such Asset Sale Proceeds.

            (iv) Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds. No later than one hundred
      eighty (180) days following the date of receipt by the Borrower or any of
      its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Net Cash Proceeds under any of the
      insurance policies maintained pursuant to Section 9.3 or from any
      condemnation proceeding (the "Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds") which
      have not been reinvested as of such date in similar replacement assets,
      the Borrower shall make mandatory principal prepayments of the Term Loans
      in the manner set forth in Section 4.4(b)(vii) below in amounts equal to
      one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate amount of such Insurance and
      Condemnation Proceeds received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted
      Subsidiaries unless such Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds have been
      committed to be reinvested within such one hundred eighty (180) day period
      and are thereafter actually reinvested within two hundred seventy (270)
      days after receipt of such Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds. If such
      Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds are not actually reinvested in
      accordance with the terms of this Section 4.4(b)(iv) by the date which is
      two hundred seventy (270) days after the receipt thereof, the Borrower
      shall make a mandatory prepayment in an amount equal to such Insurance and
      Condemnation Proceeds as described above on such date. Notwithstanding any
      of the foregoing to the contrary, upon and during the continuance of an
      Event of Default and upon notice from the Administrative Agent, all
      Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds, received by the Borrower and its
      Restricted Subsidiaries shall be applied to make prepayments of the Term
      Loans, such prepayments to be made within three (3) Business Days after
      the Borrower's receipt of such Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds.

            (v) Excess Cash Flow. No later than ninety (90) days after the end
      of any Fiscal Year commencing with the Fiscal Year ending March 31, 2002,
      during the term of this Agreement for which the Total Leverage Ratio
      exceeds 2.00 to 1.00, the Borrower shall make a mandatory principal
      repayment of the Term Loans in an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of
      Excess Cash Flow, if any, for such Fiscal Year.

            (vi) Asset Coverage Ratio. In the event that payments made under
      Section 2.4(b)(i) are insufficient to cause the pro forma Asset Coverage
      Ratio to equal or exceed 1.00 to 1.00, then Borrower shall immediately
      repay remaining principal installments of the Term Loans, in inverse order
      of maturity, in an amount sufficient to cause the Asset Coverage Ratio
      (determined on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such payment) to
      equal or exceed 1.00 to 1.00. Any prepayment pursuant to this Section
      4.4(b)(vi) shall be applied to reduce, in inverse order of maturity, the
      remaining scheduled principal installments of the Term Loans pursuant to
      Section 4.3.

            (vii) Notice; Manner of Payment. Upon the occurrence of any event
      triggering the prepayment requirement under Sections 4.4(b)(i) through and
      including 4.4(b)(v), the Borrower shall promptly deliver a Notice of
      Prepayment to the Administrative Agent and upon receipt of such notice,
      the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify each of the

      Lenders by telecopier (or by telephone promptly confirmed by telecopier).
      Each prepayment under this Section 4.4 shall be applied as follows: (A)
      first to reduce, in inverse order of maturity, the remaining scheduled
      principal installments of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 4.3, and (B)
      second to the extent of any excess (the "Excess Proceeds"), to prepay the
      aggregate outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility and, to
      the extent of any prepayments made pursuant to Section 4.4(b)(iii), to
      permanently reduce the Revolving Credit Commitment; provided, however,
      that (a) to the extent that there are any amounts outstanding under the
      Revolving Credit Facility, or (b) with respect to prepayments resulting
      from any equity securities offering pursuant to Section 4.4(b)(ii)
      consummated on or before December 31, 2001 (regardless of whether there
      are amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility), any Term
      Loan Lender shall have the right to refuse its pro rata share (based on
      Term Loan Percentage) of any such mandatory prepayment at which time the
      remaining amount shall be applied first, to reduce the Revolving Credit
      Loans in accordance with the foregoing Section 4.4(b)(vii)(B), and then,
      to the extent of any remaining funds, to the Borrower. No prepayment or
      repayment pursuant to this Section 4.4 shall affect any of the Borrower's
      obligations under any Hedging Agreement.

Amounts prepaid under the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 4.4 may not be
reborrowed and will constitute a permanent reduction in such Term Loan
Commitment. Each prepayment shall be accompanied by any amount required to be
paid pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof.

      SECTION 4.5 Term Notes. Except as otherwise provided in Section 14.10 (a)
- - (e), each Lender's Term Loan and the obligation of the Borrower to repay such
Term Loan shall be evidenced by a separate Term Note executed by the Borrower
payable to the order of such Lender.

      SECTION 4.6 Optional Increase In Term Loan Commitment.

      (a) Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Borrower shall have the
option, at any time after the Closing Date until the Term Loan Increase
Termination Date to incur additional indebtedness under this Agreement in the
form of an increase of the Term Loan Commitment of up to Fifty Million
($50,000,000) Dollars. The Borrower, by providing an Increase Notification, may
request that additional Term Loans be made on the Additional Term Loan Effective
Date pursuant to such increase in the Term Loan Commitment (each such additional
Term Loan, an "Additional Term Loan, and collectively, the "Additional Term
Loans").

      (b) Each Additional Term Loan shall be obtained from existing Lenders,
entities that qualify as Eligible Assignees, or from other banks, financial
institutions or investment funds, in each case in accordance with this Section
4.6. Participation in any Additional Term Loan shall be offered first to each of
the existing Lenders; provided that each such Lender shall have no obligation to
provide any portion of such Additional Term Loans. If the amount of the
Additional Term Loans requested by the Borrower shall exceed the commitments
which the existing Lenders are willing to provide with respect to such
Additional Term Loans, then the Borrower may invite other banks, financial
institutions and investment funds which meet the

requirements of an Eligible Assignee to join this Agreement as Lenders for the
portion of such Additional Term Loans not committed to by existing Lenders (each
such other bank, financial institution or investment fund, a "New Lender" and
collectively with the existing Lenders providing increased Commitments, the
"Increase Lenders"). The Administrative Agent is authorized to enter into, on
behalf of the Lenders, any amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan
Document as may be necessary to incorporate the terms of any Additional Term
Loan herein or therein; provided that such amendment shall not modify the Credit
Agreement or any other Loan Document in any manner materially adverse to any
Lender and shall otherwise be in accordance with Section 14.11 hereof.

      (c) The following terms and conditions shall apply to each Additional Term
Loan: (i) the Additional Term Loans made under this Section 4.6 shall constitute
Obligations of the Borrower and shall be secured and guaranteed with the other
Extensions of Credit on a pari passu basis; (ii) any New Lender making
Additional Term Loans shall be entitled to the same voting rights as the
existing Lenders under the Term Loan Facility and the Additional Term Loans
shall receive proceeds of prepayments on the same basis as the Term Loans; (iii)
the Borrower shall execute such Term Loan Notes as are necessary to reflect the
Additional Term Loans under this Section 4.6; (iv) the Administrative Agent and
the Lenders shall have received from the Borrower updated financial projections
and an Officer's Compliance Certificate, in each case in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, demonstrating that, after giving
effect to any such Additional Term Loan, the Borrower will be in pro forma
compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article X; (v) no Default
or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing hereunder as of the
Additional Term Loan Effective Date or after giving effect to the making of any
such Additional Term Loans; (vi) the representations and warranties made by the
Borrower and contained in Article VII shall be true and correct on and as of the
Additional Term Loan Effective Date with the same effect as if made on and as of
such date (other than those representations and warranties that by their terms
speak as of a particular date, which representations and warranties shall be
true and correct as of such particular date); (vii) the Borrower shall
demonstrate, on a pro forma basis (as of the date of, and after giving effect
to, the making of any such Additional Term Loan), an Asset Coverage Ratio equal
to or exceeding 1.00 to 1.00; (viii) the amount of such increase in the Term
Loan Commitment and any Additional Term Loans obtained thereunder shall not (A)
be less than a minimum principal amount of $10,000,000, or any whole multiple of
$5,000,000 in excess thereof and (B) shall not cause the Te