URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1090012/000095013403004212/0000950134-03-004212.txt

OADWAY
		STREET 2:		STE 1500
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4052353611

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 N BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		STE 1500
		CITY:			OKLAHOMA CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEVON DELAWARE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990707

S-4/A

d03661a1sv4za.txt

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-4

     AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON MARCH 20, 2003

                                                     REGISTRATION NO. 333-103679

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ---------------------

                                AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                       TO

                                    FORM S-4
            REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                             ---------------------

                            DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

              DELAWARE                               1311                              73-1567067
    (State or Other Jurisdiction         (Primary Standard Industrial               (I.R.S. Employer
 of Incorporation or Organization)       Classification Code Number)             Identification Number)

                             ---------------------

                  20 NORTH BROADWAY                                       J. LARRY NICHOLS
          OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 73102-8260              CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                    (405) 235-3611                                    DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION
 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number,                     20 NORTH BROADWAY
    Including Area Code, of Registrant's Principal               OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 73102-8260
                  Executive Offices)                                       (405) 235-3611
                                                         (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone
                                                         Number, Including Area Code, of Agent For Service)

                             ---------------------

                                   COPIES TO

           SCOTT J. DAVIS                       DUKE R. LIGON                        T. MARK KELLY
          JAMES T. LIDBURY                  SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT                   DAVID P. OELMAN
      MAYER, BROWN, ROWE & MAW               AND GENERAL COUNSEL                 VINSON & ELKINS L.L.P.
      190 SOUTH LASALLE STREET                       AND                         2300 FIRST CITY TOWER
    CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60603-3441               JANICE A. DOBBS                        1001 FANNIN
           (312) 782-0600                    CORPORATE SECRETARY               HOUSTON, TEXAS 77002-6760
                                           DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION                  (713) 758-2222
                                              20 NORTH BROADWAY
                                      OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 73102-8260
                                                (405) 235-3611

                             ---------------------

     APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC:  As soon
as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement.
     If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box.  [ ]
     If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.  [ ]
     If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.  [ ]

                             ---------------------

     THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(a),
MAY DETERMINE.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         (DEVON ENERGY LOGO)                       (OCEAN ENERGY LOGO)

                 PROPOSED MERGER -- YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Stockholders:

     On February 23, 2003, Devon Energy Corporation and Ocean Energy, Inc.
agreed to combine their businesses by merging a wholly owned subsidiary of Devon
into Ocean. In the merger, each Ocean common stockholder will receive 0.414 of a
share of Devon common stock for each share of Ocean common stock that the
stockholder owns, and Ocean will become a subsidiary of Devon. We do not expect
that Ocean common stockholders will recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes to the extent that they receive Devon common stock in
exchange for their shares of Ocean common stock.

     The issuance of shares of Devon common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement requires the approval of Devon stockholders. In addition, the merger
agreement must be adopted by Ocean stockholders. Devon and Ocean have each
scheduled special meetings of their stockholders to vote on these matters on
April 25, 2003. Regardless of the number of shares that you own or whether you
plan to attend a meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and
voted. Voting instructions are inside.

     DEVON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED AND ADOPTED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND DETERMINED THAT IT IS ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF DEVON
AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, DEVON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT
DEVON STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO APPROVE THE ISSUANCE OF DEVON COMMON STOCK PURSUANT
TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     SIMILARLY, OCEAN'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED AND ADOPTED
THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND DETERMINED THAT IT IS ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST
INTERESTS OF OCEAN AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, OCEAN'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RECOMMENDS THAT OCEAN STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     Devon is also proposing to adopt a new long-term incentive plan to
accommodate the larger employee base of the combined company after the merger.
Adoption of that plan requires the approval of Devon stockholders. Devon's board
of directors recommends that Devon stockholders vote to adopt the new long-term
incentive plan.

     This document provides you with detailed information about the proposed
merger and the new long-term incentive plan that Devon is proposing. We
encourage you to read the entire document carefully.

     Devon's common stock is traded on the American Stock Exchange under the
symbol "DVN." Each share of Devon common stock is accompanied by one right,
issued pursuant to Devon's stockholder rights plan, that trades with the Devon
common stock. In addition, a class of exchangeable shares issued by Devon's
subsidiary, Northstar Energy Corporation, is traded on The Toronto Stock
Exchange under the symbol "NSX." The Northstar exchangeable shares are
exchangeable at any time, on a one-for-one basis, for Devon common stock.
Holders of Devon common stock and Northstar exchangeable shares will vote as a
single class at the Devon meeting.

     Ocean's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "OEI." Each share of Ocean common stock is accompanied by one right,
issued pursuant to Ocean's stockholder rights plan, that trades with the Ocean
common stock. Ocean's convertible preferred stock is not publicly traded. Ocean
common stockholders and Ocean convertible preferred stockholders will vote as a
single class at the Ocean meeting, with the Ocean convertible preferred
stockholders voting on an as-converted basis.

     SEE "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 13 OF THIS DOCUMENT FOR A DISCUSSION
OF RISKS RELEVANT TO THE MERGER.

       (-s- J LARRY NICHOLS)                (-s- JAMES T. HACKET)
         J. Larry Nichols                     James T. Hackett
   Chairman, President and Chief        Chairman, President and Chief
          Executive Officer                   Executive Officer
     DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION                OCEAN ENERGY, INC.

NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES
COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UNDER THIS
DOCUMENT OR DETERMINED IF THIS DOCUMENT IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

     This document is dated March 20, 2003, and was first mailed to stockholders
on or about March 24, 2003.

         (OCEAN ENERGY LOGO)                       (DEVON ENERGY LOGO)

                 PROPOSED MERGER -- YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Stockholders:

     On February 23, 2003, Devon Energy Corporation and Ocean Energy, Inc.
agreed to combine their businesses by merging a wholly owned subsidiary of Devon
into Ocean. In the merger, each Ocean common stockholder will receive 0.414 of a
share of Devon common stock for each share of Ocean common stock that the
stockholder owns, and Ocean will become a subsidiary of Devon. We do not expect
that Ocean common stockholders will recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes to the extent that they receive Devon common stock in
exchange for their shares of Ocean common stock.

     The merger agreement must be adopted by Ocean stockholders. In addition,
the issuance of shares of Devon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement
requires the approval of Devon stockholders. Ocean and Devon have each scheduled
special meetings of their stockholders to vote on these matters on April 25,
2003. Regardless of the number of shares that you own or whether you plan to
attend a meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted.
Voting instructions are inside.

     OCEAN'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED AND ADOPTED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND DETERMINED THAT IT IS ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF OCEAN
AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, OCEAN'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT
OCEAN STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO ADOPT THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     SIMILARLY, DEVON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED AND ADOPTED
THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND DETERMINED THAT IT IS ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST
INTERESTS OF DEVON AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, DEVON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RECOMMENDS THAT DEVON STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO APPROVE THE ISSUANCE OF DEVON COMMON
STOCK PURSUANT TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

     Devon is also proposing to adopt a new long-term incentive plan to
accommodate the larger employee base of the combined company after the merger.
Adoption of that plan requires the approval of Devon stockholders. Devon's board
of directors recommends that Devon stockholders vote to adopt the new long-term
incentive plan.

     This document provides you with detailed information about the proposed
merger and the new long-term incentive plan that Devon is proposing. We
encourage you to read the entire document carefully.

     Ocean's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "OEI." Each share of Ocean common stock is accompanied by one right,
issued pursuant to Ocean's stockholder rights plan, that trades with the Ocean
common stock. Ocean's convertible preferred stock is not publicly traded. Ocean
common stockholders and Ocean convertible preferred stockholders will vote as a
single class at the Ocean meeting, with the Ocean convertible preferred
stockholders voting on an as-converted basis.

     Devon's common stock is traded on the American Stock Exchange under the
symbol "DVN." Each share of Devon common stock is accompanied by one right,
issued pursuant to Devon's stockholder rights plan, that trades with the Devon
common stock. In addition, a class of exchangeable shares issued by Devon's
subsidiary, Northstar Energy Corporation, is traded on The Toronto Stock
Exchange under the symbol "NSX." The Northstar exchangeable shares are
exchangeable at any time, on a one-for-one basis, for Devon common stock.
Holders of Devon common stock and Northstar exchangeable shares will vote as a
single class at the Devon meeting.

     SEE "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 13 OF THIS DOCUMENT FOR A DISCUSSION
OF RISKS RELEVANT TO THE MERGER.

       (-s- JAMES T. HACKET)                (-s- J LARRY NICHOLS)
         James T. Hackett                     J. Larry Nichols
   Chairman, President and Chief        Chairman, President and Chief
          Executive Officer                   Executive Officer
        OCEAN ENERGY, INC.                DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION

NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES
COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UNDER THIS
DOCUMENT OR DETERMINED IF THIS DOCUMENT IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

     This document is dated March 20, 2003, and was first mailed to stockholders
on or about March 24, 2003.

     This document incorporates by reference important business and financial
information about both Devon and Ocean that is not included in or delivered with
this document. See the "Additional Information -- Where You Can Find More
Information" section of this document.

     You can obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference into this
document through Devon or Ocean, as the case may be, or from the Securities and
Exchange Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov. Documents incorporated by
reference are available from Devon and Ocean without charge, excluding any
exhibits to those documents unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by
reference into this document. You may obtain documents incorporated by reference
into this document by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the
appropriate company as follows:

           Devon Energy Corporation                          Ocean Energy, Inc.
              20 North Broadway                        1001 Fannin Street, Suite 1600
        Attention: Investor Relations                  Attention: Investor Relations
      Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102-8260                 Houston, Texas 77002-6794
          Telephone: (405) 552-4570                      Telephone: (713) 265-6161

     IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE, PLEASE DO
SO BY APRIL 18, 2003, TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE MEETING. PLEASE BE SURE TO
INCLUDE YOUR COMPLETE NAME AND ADDRESS IN YOUR REQUEST. IF YOU REQUEST ANY
DOCUMENTS, WE WILL MAIL THEM TO YOU BY FIRST CLASS MAIL, OR ANOTHER EQUALLY
PROMPT MEANS, WITHIN ONE BUSINESS DAY AFTER WE RECEIVE YOUR REQUEST.

                             ---------------------

     All information in this document concerning Devon has been furnished by
Devon. All information in this document concerning Ocean has been furnished by
Ocean. Devon has represented to Ocean, and Ocean has represented to Devon, that
the information furnished by and concerning it is true and complete.

     For an explanation of oil and gas terms used in this document, see the
"Commonly Used Oil and Gas Terms" section of this document.

                            DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION

                               20 NORTH BROADWAY
                       OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA 73102-8260

                             ---------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                          TO BE HELD ON APRIL 25, 2003

                             ---------------------

To Devon Energy Corporation Stockholders:

     We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Devon Energy Corporation
for the following purposes:

     - To consider and vote on the approval of the issuance of Devon common
       stock pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February
       23, 2003, by and among Devon Energy Corporation, Devon NewCo Corporation
       and Ocean Energy, Inc., as it may be amended from time to time;

     - To consider and vote on the adoption of the Devon Energy Corporation 2003
       Long-Term Incentive Plan, subject to the consummation of the merger
       contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February
       23, 2003, by and among Devon Energy Corporation, Devon NewCo Corporation
       and Ocean Energy, Inc., as it may be amended from time to time; and

     - To transact other business as may properly be presented at the meeting or
       any adjournments of the meeting.

     The date, time and place of the meeting are as follows:

                                 April 25, 2003
                             10:00 a.m., local time
                                Bank One Center
                               100 North Broadway
                         Third Floor, Kirkpatrick Room
                            Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

     Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2003, are
entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and any adjournments of the
meeting. Devon will keep at its offices in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, a list of
stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting available for inspection for any
purpose relevant to the meeting during normal business hours for the 10 days
before the meeting.

     YOUR PROXY IS IMPORTANT. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING,
PLEASE VOTE IN ANY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING WAYS:

     - USE THE TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER SHOWN ON THE PROXY CARD;

     - USE THE INTERNET WEBSITE SHOWN ON THE PROXY CARD; OR

     - MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE
       POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE. IT REQUIRES NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED
       STATES.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          -s- JANICE A DOBBS

                                          JANICE A. DOBBS
                                          Corporate Secretary

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma

March 20, 2003

                               OCEAN ENERGY, INC.
                         1001 FANNIN STREET, SUITE 1600
                           HOUSTON, TEXAS 77002-6794

                             ---------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                          TO BE HELD ON APRIL 25, 2003

                             ---------------------

To Ocean Energy, Inc. Stockholders:

     We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Ocean Energy, Inc. for
the following purposes:

     - To consider and vote on the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
       dated as of February 23, 2003, by and among Devon Energy Corporation,
       Devon NewCo Corporation and Ocean Energy, Inc., as it may be amended from
       time to time; and

     - To transact other business as may properly be presented at the meeting or
       any adjournments of the meeting.

     The date, time and place of the meeting are as follows:

                                 April 25, 2003

                             10:00 a.m., local time

                             The Four Seasons Hotel

                                   1300 Lamar

                                 Houston, Texas

     Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 17, 2003, are
entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and any adjournments of the
meeting. Ocean will keep at its offices in Houston, Texas, a list of
stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting available for inspection for any
purpose relevant to the meeting during normal business hours for the 10 days
before the meeting.

     YOUR PROXY IS IMPORTANT. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING,
PLEASE VOTE IN ANY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING WAYS:

     - USE THE TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER SHOWN ON THE PROXY CARD;

     - USE THE INTERNET WEBSITE SHOWN ON THE PROXY CARD; OR

     - MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE
       POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE. IT REQUIRES NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED
       STATES.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          -s- ROBERT K. REEVES

                                          ROBERT K. REEVES
                                          Executive Vice President,
                                          General Counsel and Secretary

Houston, Texas

March 20, 2003

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: Why am I receiving these materials?

A: Devon and Ocean have agreed to combine their
   businesses by merging a wholly owned subsidiary of Devon into Ocean. The
   merger cannot be completed without approvals of the stockholders of both
   Devon and Ocean. Devon is also proposing to adopt a new long-term incentive
   plan in connection with the merger that requires approval by Devon
   stockholders.

Q: What will happen to Ocean as a result of the
   merger?

A: A Devon subsidiary will merge with and into
   Ocean, and Ocean will be the surviving company of the merger and a subsidiary
   of Devon.

Q: What will Ocean common stockholders receive
   in the merger?

A: Each Ocean common stockholder will receive
   0.414 of a share of Devon common stock for each share of Ocean common stock
   that the stockholder owns at the effective time of the merger. Instead of
   issuing fractional shares to Ocean common stockholders, the exchange agent
   will combine all of the fractional shares and sell them on the American Stock
   Exchange. Ocean common stockholders will receive cash, without interest,
   instead of fractional shares from the proceeds obtained from the sale of
   those shares.

Q:   What will Ocean convertible preferred
   stockholders receive in the merger?

A: Each share of Ocean convertible preferred stock
   outstanding at the effective time of the merger, other than shares held by
   Ocean convertible preferred stockholders who validly exercise their appraisal
   rights under Delaware law, will remain outstanding. After the effective time
   of the merger, those shares of Ocean convertible preferred stock will be
   convertible into Devon common stock instead of Ocean common stock, giving
   effect to the 0.414 exchange ratio, and will have voting rights in Devon on
   an as-converted basis.

Q: Should Ocean stockholders send in their stock
   certificates now?

A:   No. After the merger is completed, Ocean
   common stockholders will receive written instructions for exchanging their
   stock certificates. Please do not send in your Ocean stock certificates with
   your proxy.

Q:   What stockholder approvals are needed to
   complete the merger?

A: The following stockholder approvals are needed
   to complete the merger:

   - the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority in interest of
     the voting power of outstanding Ocean voting stock to adopt the merger
     agreement, with Ocean convertible preferred stockholders voting on an
     as-converted basis and as a single class with Ocean common stockholders;
     and

   - the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the votes
     cast in person or by proxy at the Devon meeting to approve the issuance of
     Devon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement.

Q: When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A: We are working to complete the merger as soon
   as possible. A number of conditions must be satisfied before we can complete
   the merger, including approval by the stockholders of both Devon and Ocean.
   Although we cannot be sure when all of the conditions to the merger will be
   satisfied, we expect to complete the merger in the second quarter of 2003.

Q: What do I need to do now?

A: You should carefully read this document. Then,
   if you choose to vote by proxy, you should do so as soon as possible by any
   of the following means: (1) completing, signing and mailing your proxy card,
   (2) using the toll-free telephone number listed on your proxy card and
   following the recorded instructions or (3) going to the Internet website
   listed on your proxy card and following the instructions provided.

Q: If I am planning on attending a meeting in
   person, should I still grant my proxy?

A:  Yes. Whether or not you plan to attend a
   meeting, you should grant your proxy as described above. Your shares will not
   be voted if you neither attend a meeting and vote in

                                        i

   person nor grant your proxy. For Ocean stockholders, this would have the same
   effect as a vote against adoption of the merger agreement. Assuming a quorum
   is present, the failure of a Devon stockholder to vote in person or by proxy
   will not affect the outcome of the vote to approve the issuance of Devon
   common stock pursuant to the merger agreement.

Q: Can I change my vote after I have granted my
   proxy?

A: Yes. You can change your vote at any time
   before your proxy is voted at the meeting by following the procedures set
   forth in "The Special Meetings -- Voting Procedures -- Revocation" section of
   this document.

Q: If my shares are held in "street name" by my
   broker, will my broker vote my shares for me?

A: Your broker will not vote your shares for or
   against adoption of the merger agreement or the issuance of Devon common
   stock pursuant to the merger agreement unless you tell the broker how to
   vote. If you are a Devon stockholder, your broker may vote your shares for or
   against adoption of the new long-term incentive plan in the broker's
   discretion if you do not tell the broker how to vote. To tell your broker how
   to vote, you should follow the directions that your broker provides to you.

Q: Are any stockholders entitled to appraisal rights
   in connection with the merger?

A: Ocean convertible preferred stockholders who
   comply with the procedures described in "The Merger -- Appraisal Rights"
   section of this document will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection
   with the merger. Devon common stockholders and Ocean common stockholders are
   not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

Q: Whom do I call if I have further questions about
   voting, the meetings or the merger?

A: Ocean stockholders may call Ocean's Investor
   Relations department at (713) 265-6161.

   Devon stockholders may call Devon's Investor Relations department at (405)
   552-4570.

                                        ii

                               

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

SUMMARY.....................................................     1
  The Companies.............................................     1
  The Special Stockholder Meetings..........................     1
  What Ocean Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger........     2
  U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences......................     2
  Directors and Management of Devon Following the Merger....     3
  Market Prices of Devon and Ocean Common Stock on Important
     Dates..................................................     3
  Our Recommendations to Stockholders.......................     3
  Ocean's Reasons for the Merger............................     4
  Devon's Reasons for the Merger............................     4
  Interests of Ocean's Executive Officers and Directors in
     the Merger.............................................     4
  Opinions of Financial Advisors............................     5
  The Merger Agreement......................................     5
  Other Information Related to the Merger...................     6
  Devon Energy Corporation 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan....     7
  Selected Historical Financial Data of Ocean...............     8
  Selected Historical Financial Data of Devon...............     9
  Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
     and Other Data.........................................    10
RISK FACTORS................................................    13
  We may not be able to integrate the operations of Devon
     and Ocean successfully.................................    13
  The market value at the effective time of the merger of
     the consideration to Ocean stockholders is determined
     by the price of Devon common stock; the market value
     will decrease if the market value of Devon common stock
     decreases..............................................    13
  The merger may be dilutive to various financial
     measurements...........................................    13
  The combined company may require capital outlays in excess
     of its cash flow.......................................    13
  Oil and gas operations involve substantial costs and are
     subject to various economic risks......................    14
  Devon and Ocean are, and the combined company will be,
     subject to uncertainties of foreign operations.........    14
  Reported oil, natural gas and NGL reserve data and future
     net revenue estimates are uncertain....................    15
  Product prices are volatile, and low prices can adversely
     impact results.........................................    15
  Concessions granted to Devon and Ocean by foreign
     countries will require significant capital outlays
     without guaranteed results.............................    16
  Ocean's significant investment in several high volume
     assets may not generate the benefits expected by
     Devon..................................................    16
  Terrorist attacks or similar hostilities may adversely
     impact our results of operations.......................    16
  The combined company's debt level may limit its financial
     flexibility............................................    16
THE COMPANIES...............................................    17
  Ocean Energy, Inc. .......................................    17
  Devon Energy Corporation..................................    17
PROPERTIES OF THE COMBINED COMPANY..........................    18
  Primary Operating Areas...................................    18
  Devon's Properties........................................    19
  Ocean's Properties........................................    23
  Developed and Undeveloped Acreage.........................    26

                                       iii

                         -- (CONTINUED)

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA..................................    27
MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION......................    28
THE SPECIAL MEETINGS........................................    29
  Time, Place and Date......................................    29
  Purposes..................................................    29
  Quorum....................................................    29
  Record Date...............................................    29
  Shares Entitled to Vote...................................    30
  Recommendations of the Boards of Directors................    30
  Votes Required............................................    30
  Shares Outstanding........................................    31
  Voting Procedures.........................................    31
  Solicitation of Proxies...................................    33
  Shares Held in Street Name................................    33
  Auditors..................................................    34
THE MERGER..................................................    35
  Background of the Merger..................................    35
  Recommendation of Ocean's Board of Directors and Reasons
     for the Merger.........................................    36
  Recommendation of Devon's Board of Directors and Reasons
     for the Merger.........................................    38
  Opinions of Financial Advisors............................    41
  Interests of Ocean's Executive Officers and Directors in
     the Merger.............................................    53
  Pending Litigation........................................    56
  Appraisal Rights..........................................    56
  Regulatory Requirements...................................    59
THE MERGER AGREEMENT........................................    60
  Structure of the Merger...................................    60
  When the Merger Becomes Effective.........................    60
  Conversion of Ocean Stock and Stock Options...............    60
  Exchange of Shares; Fractional Shares.....................    63
  Conditions to the Merger..................................    65
  Representations and Warranties............................    66
  Covenants and Other Agreements............................    67
  Termination...............................................    72
  Termination Fees and Expenses.............................    73
  Amendment; Extension and Waiver...........................    75
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMBINED COMPANY....    76
  Directors.................................................    76
  Executive Officers........................................    78
DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION 2003 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN......    81
  Purpose and Key Features of the Plan......................    81
  Administration............................................    82
  Eligibility for Participation.............................    82

                                        iv

                         -- (CONTINUED)

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

  Types of Awards...........................................    82
  Termination of Employment.................................    84
  Amending the New Long-Term Incentive Plan.................    84
  Change of Control Event...................................    84
  New Plan Benefits.........................................    84
  Automatic Adjustment Features.............................    84
  U.S. Federal Tax Treatment................................    85
  Equity Compensation Plan Information......................    86
  Devon Executive Compensation..............................    87
MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS..................    92
  General...................................................    92
  Tax Treatment of Corporate Parties to the Reorganization
     and of Ocean Common Stockholders.......................    93
  Tax Treatment of Ocean Convertible Preferred
     Stockholders...........................................    93
  Backup Withholding; Information Reporting.................    94
COMPARISON OF THE RIGHTS OF OCEAN AND DEVON STOCKHOLDERS....    95
  Authorized Capital Stock..................................    95
  Size of Board of Directors................................    95
  Cumulative Voting.........................................    96
  Classes of Directors......................................    96
  Removal of Directors......................................    96
  Vacancies on the Board of Directors.......................    96
  Action by Written Consent.................................    96
  Amendments to Charter.....................................    97
  Amendments to Bylaws......................................    97
  Special Meetings of Stockholders..........................    98
  Vote on Extraordinary Corporate Transactions..............    98
  Inspection of Documents...................................    98
  State Anti-Takeover Statutes..............................    98
  Stockholder Rights Plan...................................    99
  Special Voting Stock......................................    99
  Notice of Stockholder Proposals and Director
     Nominations............................................    99
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION......................................   100
  Deadline for Future Stockholder Proposals.................   100
  Legal Matters.............................................   100
  Experts...................................................   100
  Where You Can Find More Information.......................   101
  Transfer Agents and Registrars............................   102
  Forward-Looking Statements................................   103
COMMONLY USED OIL AND GAS TERMS.............................   105
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION..........   F-1

                                        v

                         -- (CONTINUED)

                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----

ANNEXES
Annex A: Agreement and Plan of Merger.......................   A-1
Annex B: Opinion of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. to Ocean's
  Board of Directors........................................   B-1
Annex C: Opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated to
  Devon's Board of Directors................................   C-1
Annex D: Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
  (Appraisal Rights)........................................   D-1
Annex E: Devon Energy Corporation 2003 Long-Term Incentive
  Plan......................................................   E-1

                                        vi

                                    SUMMARY

     This summary highlights some of the information in this document. It may
not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the
merger fully and for a more complete description of the terms of the merger, you
should carefully read this document and the other documents to which we have
referred you. See the "Additional Information -- Where You Can Find More
Information" section of this document for more details.

THE COMPANIES

Ocean Energy, Inc.
1001 Fannin Street, Suite 1600
Houston, Texas 77002-6794
Telephone: (713) 265-6000

     Ocean is an independent energy company engaged primarily in oil and natural
gas exploration, development and production, and the acquisition of producing
properties. Ocean conducts North American operations in the shelf and deepwater
areas of the Gulf of Mexico, the Rocky Mountains, the Permian Basin, Anadarko,
East Texas, North Louisiana and the Gulf Coast regions. Internationally, Ocean
conducts oil and gas activities in West Africa, Equatorial Guinea, Angola,
Nigeria and Cote d'Ivoire. Ocean also conducts operations in Egypt, the Russian
Republic of Tatarstan, Brazil and Indonesia.

Devon Energy Corporation
20 North Broadway
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102-8260
Telephone: (405) 235-3611

     Devon is an independent energy company engaged primarily in oil and natural
gas exploration, development and production, acquisition of producing
properties, transportation of oil, gas and natural gas liquids, or NGLs, and the
processing of natural gas. Devon operates oil and gas properties in the United
States, Canada and internationally. Devon's North American properties are
concentrated within five geographic areas. Operations in the United States are
focused in the Permian Basin, the Mid-Continent, the Rocky Mountains and onshore
and offshore Gulf Coast. Canadian operations are focused in the Western Canadian
Sedimentary Basin in Alberta and British Columbia. Operations outside North
America currently include Azerbaijan, Brazil, China and West Africa.

     In addition to its exploration and production activities, Devon has a
marketing and midstream business. The marketing business is responsible for the
marketing of Devon's natural gas, crude oil and NGLs. The midstream business
transports oil and gas, removes impurities and extracts NGLs from the natural
gas stream for separate sale. The midstream business is also responsible for
construction and operation of Devon's pipelines, storage and treatment
facilities and gas processing plants.

     In this document, we sometimes refer to Devon, Ocean and their respective
subsidiaries as the "combined company."

THE SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

  OCEAN SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETING

     Where and when:  The Ocean special stockholder meeting will take place at
The Four Seasons Hotel, 1300 Lamar, Houston, Texas, on April 25, 2003 at 10:00
a.m., local time.

     What you are being asked to vote on:  At the Ocean meeting, Ocean
stockholders will vote on the adoption of the merger agreement. Ocean
stockholders also may be asked to consider other matters as may properly come
before the meeting. At the present time, Ocean knows of no other matters that
will be presented for consideration at the meeting.

     Who may vote:  You may vote at the Ocean meeting if you owned Ocean common
stock or Ocean convertible preferred stock at the close of business on the
record date, March 17, 2003. On that date, there were 177,780,229 shares of
Ocean common stock and 50,000 shares of Ocean convertible preferred stock,
constituting 3,517,000 shares of Ocean common stock on an as-converted basis,
outstanding and entitled to vote. Ocean common stockholders and Ocean
convertible preferred stockholders will vote as a single class, with Ocean
convertible preferred stockholders voting on an as-converted basis. You may cast
one vote for each share of Ocean common stock that you owned on the record date.
You may cast 70.34 votes for each share of Ocean convertible preferred stock
that you owned on the record date.

     What vote is needed:  The affirmative vote of the holders of at least a
majority in interest of the voting power of outstanding Ocean voting stock, with
Ocean convertible preferred stockholders voting on an as-converted basis and as
a single class with Ocean common stockholders, is required to adopt the merger
agreement.

  DEVON SPECIAL STOCKHOLDER MEETING

     Where and when:  The Devon special stockholder meeting will take place at
Bank One Center, 100 North Broadway, Third Floor, Kirkpatrick Room, Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma, on April 25, 2003, at 10:00 a.m., local time.

     What you are being asked to vote on:  At the Devon meeting, Devon
stockholders will vote on the issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement and on the adoption of a new long-term incentive plan. Adoption
of the new long-term incentive plan is conditioned on completion of the merger,
but approval of the issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement is not conditioned on adoption of the new long-term incentive plan.
Devon is seeking adoption of the new long-term incentive plan to accommodate the
larger employee base of the combined company. Devon stockholders also may be
asked to consider other matters as may properly come before the meeting. At the
present time, Devon knows of no other matters that will be presented for
consideration at the meeting.

     Who may vote:  You may vote at the Devon meeting if you owned Devon common
stock or exchangeable shares issued by Devon's subsidiary, Northstar Energy
Corporation, at the close of business on the record date, March 17, 2003. On
that date, there were 156,916,379 shares of Devon voting stock outstanding and
entitled to vote, consisting of 155,407,742 shares of Devon common stock and
1,508,637 Northstar exchangeable shares. Holders of Devon common stock and
Northstar exchangeable shares will vote as a single class. You may cast one vote
for each share of Devon common stock and one vote for each Northstar
exchangeable share that you owned on the record date.

     Voting Northstar Exchangeable Shares: Each exchangeable share issued by
Northstar is entitled to one vote at the Devon meeting through a voting
agreement. Under the voting agreement, the trustee exercises voting rights on
behalf of holders of the exchangeable shares. The trustee holds one share of
special voting stock of Devon. The special voting share is entitled to one vote
for each outstanding exchangeable share held by persons other than Devon. The
trustee will vote only as instructed by the holders of exchangeable shares.

     What vote is needed:  The affirmative vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the votes cast in person or by proxy by holders of Devon voting
stock is required to approve the issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement. The affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of
the Devon voting power present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote is
required to adopt the new long-term incentive plan.

WHAT OCEAN STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER

     Each Ocean common stockholder will receive 0.414 of a share of Devon common
stock for each share of Ocean common stock that the stockholder owns at the
effective time of the merger. Instead of issuing fractional shares to Ocean
common stockholders, the exchange agent will combine all of the fractional
shares and sell them on the American Stock Exchange. Ocean common stockholders
will receive cash, without interest, instead of fractional shares from the
proceeds obtained from the sale of those shares.

     Each share of Ocean convertible preferred stock outstanding at the
effective time of the merger, other than shares held by Ocean convertible
preferred stockholders who validly exercise their appraisal rights under
Delaware law, will remain outstanding. After the effective time of the merger,
those shares of Ocean convertible preferred stock will be convertible into Devon
common stock instead of Ocean common stock, giving effect to the 0.414 exchange
ratio, and will have voting rights in Devon on an as-converted basis.

U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The merger has been structured so that none of Ocean, Devon or their
respective common stockholders will recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, except to the extent that Ocean common stockholders receive
cash instead of fractional shares of Devon common stock. As a condition to the
merger, Devon and Ocean must each receive a satisfactory

opinion from their own legal counsel regarding the U.S. federal income tax
treatment of the merger.

     The U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to Ocean convertible
preferred stockholders are not clear. As discussed more fully in the "Material
Federal Income Tax Considerations -- Tax Treatment of Ocean Convertible
Preferred Stockholders" section of this document, it is possible that the
Internal Revenue Service could assert either that (1) the automatic
substitution, at the effective time of the merger, of Devon common stock for
Ocean common stock would cause a taxable exchange resulting in recognition of
gain or loss for Ocean convertible preferred stockholders or (2) a subsequent
conversion of the Ocean convertible preferred stock would be a taxable
transaction on which gain or loss would be recognized.

     Tax matters are very complicated. The tax consequences of the merger to you
will depend on your own situation. We urge that you consult your tax advisor for
a full understanding of the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax
consequences of the merger to you.

DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF DEVON FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     Devon's board of directors is expected to consist of 13 directors after the
effective time of the merger. In that case, nine members of Devon's current
board of directors will retain their positions, and four members of Ocean's
board of directors will be appointed as new members of Devon's board of
directors at the effective time of the merger.

     J. Larry Nichols, currently the Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer of Devon, will remain the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Devon.
James T. Hackett, currently the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
of Ocean, will become the President and Chief Operating Officer of Devon at the
effective time of the merger. Information on other members of the combined
company's management team is contained in the "Directors and Executive Officers
of the Combined Company" section of this document.

MARKET PRICES OF DEVON AND OCEAN COMMON STOCK ON IMPORTANT DATES

     Shares of Devon common stock are traded on the American Stock Exchange
under the symbol "DVN." Shares of Ocean common stock are traded on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol "OEI." The following table shows the closing per
share sales prices of Devon and Ocean common stock on:

     - February 21, 2003 -- the last full trading day before Devon and Ocean
       announced the proposed merger; and

     - March 19, 2003 -- the last full trading day before the date of this
       document.

                       DEVON    OCEAN
                       COMMON   COMMON
DATE                   STOCK    STOCK
- ----                   ------   ------

February 21, 2003....  $48.23   $19.27
March 19, 2003.......  47.85     19.81

OUR RECOMMENDATIONS TO STOCKHOLDERS

  TO OCEAN STOCKHOLDERS:

     Ocean's board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement and determined that it is in the best interests of Ocean and its
stockholders. Accordingly, the board recommends that Ocean stockholders vote to
adopt the merger agreement.

     As of March 17, 2003, shares representing about 4% of the voting interests
of outstanding Ocean stock were held by Ocean's directors, executive officers
and their respective affiliates.

  TO DEVON STOCKHOLDERS:

     Devon's board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement and determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Devon
and its stockholders. Devon's board of directors also has unanimously approved
the new long-term incentive plan. Accordingly, the board recommends that Devon
stockholders vote to approve the issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the
merger agreement and to adopt the new long-term incentive plan.

     As of March 17, 2003, about 2% of Devon's outstanding voting shares were
held by Devon's directors, executive officers and their respective affiliates.

OCEAN'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Ocean's board of directors considered various factors in approving and
adopting the merger agreement, including the complementary assets of Ocean and
Devon, the pro forma financial profile of the combined company, expected
benefits from the increased size of the combined company, opportunities to
invest Devon's excess operating cash flow to fund Ocean's significant
exploration and development projects, the accretion to Ocean stockholders in
cash flow per share that Ocean expects to result from the merger, the 0.414
exchange ratio, the tax consequences of the merger to Ocean stockholders and the
other matters referred to in the "The Merger -- Recommendation of Ocean's Board
of Directors and Reasons for the Merger" section of this document.

DEVON'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Devon's board of directors considered various factors in approving and
adopting the merger agreement, including opportunities to invest Devon's excess
operating cash flow to fund Ocean's significant exploration and development
projects, the substantial overlap between areas in which Devon and Ocean
operate, the decrease in the combined company's total debt to capitalization
ratio as compared to Devon's stand-alone total debt to capitalization ratio, the
0.414 exchange ratio, expected near-term benefits from Ocean's existing
operations, expected benefits from the increased size of the combined company
and the other matters referred to in the "The Merger -- Recommendation of
Devon's Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger" section of this document.

INTERESTS OF OCEAN'S EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE MERGER

     Some of Ocean's directors and executive officers may have interests in the
merger that are different from, or are in addition to, your interests:

- - At the effective time of the merger, Milton Carroll, Peter J. Fluor, Robert L.
  Howard, and Charles F. Mitchell, M.D., each of whom is currently a member of
  Ocean's board of directors, are expected to be appointed to Devon's board of
  directors. Each will serve until his successor is elected and qualified or
  until his earlier resignation or removal.

- - At the effective time of the merger, James T. Hackett, who is currently
  Ocean's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, will be appointed
  President and Chief Operating Officer of Devon. Mr. Hackett's existing
  employment and severance agreements were amended in connection with the merger
  agreement to suspend until May 1, 2004 the triggering of certain
  change-of-control provisions that otherwise would have permitted Mr. Hackett
  to terminate his employment at or after the effective time of the merger and
  receive certain severance payments.

- - John D. Schiller, Jr.'s existing employment agreement was amended in
  connection with the merger agreement to suspend until May 1, 2004 the
  triggering of certain change-of-control provisions that otherwise would have
  permitted Mr. Schiller to terminate his employment at or after the effective
  time of the merger and receive certain severance payments.

- - After the merger, some Ocean officers may become officers of Devon.

- - Outstanding Ocean stock options and restricted stock awards held by Ocean's
  directors and executive officers (and all other Ocean employees) will vest at
  the effective time of the merger. Outstanding Ocean stock options not
  exercised at that time will be converted into options to purchase shares of
  Devon common stock, subject to adjustment for the 0.414 exchange ratio.

- - The merger will trigger change-of-control provisions in the employment
  agreements of some of Ocean's officers, which may entitle them to severance
  benefits if their employment ceases after the merger.

- - Those Ocean directors who are not appointed to the Devon board will be
  entitled to lump-sum cash payments and other benefits having an aggregate
  value of about $1.4 million under Ocean's existing directors compensation
  plan.

- - The merger will cause full or partial vesting of outstanding awards under
  Ocean's executive supplemental retirement plan, in which some of Ocean's
  executive officers participate, if a participant is terminated under some
  circumstances.

- - The merger agreement generally requires Devon to honor Ocean's existing
  employee benefit plans and commitments in accordance with their terms after
  the merger. In addition, Devon will assume Ocean's long-term incentive plans
  and employee stock purchase plan under which options to purchase shares of
  Ocean common stock are outstanding.

- - After the merger, Ocean will indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent
  permitted under law each current and former director and officer of Ocean, its
  subsidiaries and divisions against all losses pertaining to actions taken by
  them, or failures to act, while serving in those capacities before the merger.

- - For six years after the merger, Ocean will maintain its current policies of
  directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability
  insurance, or policies no less favorable to the insured, covering acts or
  omissions before the merger. Ocean will not be required to pay annual premiums
  to maintain that coverage in excess of 250% of the 2003 annual premium paid by
  Ocean, but will be required to purchase as much coverage as reasonably
  practicable for that amount.

     Ocean's directors and executive officers beneficially owned about 4% of the
voting interests of outstanding Ocean stock as of March 17, 2003. Devon's
directors and executive officers did not beneficially own any shares of Ocean
stock as of March 17, 2003.

     The boards of directors of both companies were aware of these interests and
considered them in approving the merger agreement.

OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS

     The opinions of Ocean's and Devon's financial advisors are attached to this
document as Annexes B and C. We encourage you to read those opinions carefully,
as well as the descriptions of the analyses and assumptions on which the
opinions were based in "The Merger -- Opinions of Financial Advisors" section of
this document. Each opinion is directed to the applicable company's board of
directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to any
matter relating to the merger.

  OPINION OF OCEAN'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Ocean's financial advisor, delivered its
opinion to Ocean's board of directors on February 23, 2003 to the effect that,
as of the date of its opinion and subject to the matters and assumptions set
forth in the opinion, the 0.414 exchange ratio was fair from a financial point
of view to Ocean common stockholders.

  OPINION OF DEVON'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Devon's financial advisor, delivered its
opinion to Devon's board of directors on February 23, 2003 to the effect that,
as of the date of its opinion and subject to the matters and assumptions set
forth in the opinion, the 0.414 exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement
was fair from a financial point of view to Devon.

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement is attached to this document as Annex A. We encourage
you to read the merger agreement because it is the legal document that governs
the merger.

  WHAT WE NEED TO DO TO COMPLETE THE MERGER

     Devon and Ocean will complete the merger only if the conditions set forth
in the merger agreement are satisfied or, in some cases, waived. These
conditions include:

     - adoption by Ocean's stockholders of the merger agreement;

     - approval by Devon's stockholders of the issuance of Devon common stock
       pursuant to the merger agreement;

     - the expiration of applicable antitrust waiting periods or the receipt of
       necessary antitrust approvals;

     - the absence of legal prohibitions to the merger;

     - the continued effectiveness of the registration statement of which this
       document is a part;

     - the approval for listing on the American Stock Exchange of the shares of
       Devon common stock to be issued in the merger;

     - the continued accuracy of each company's representations and warranties;

     - the performance by each company of its obligations under the merger
       agreement; and

     - the receipt of legal opinions from counsel for each company as to the
       treatment of the merger for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

     Either Devon or Ocean may choose to complete the merger even though a
condition to its obligations has not been satisfied if the necessary stockholder
approvals have been obtained and the law allows the company to do so.

  TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     Devon and Ocean can agree to terminate the merger agreement at any time
without completing the merger, even after stockholder approvals have been
obtained. In addition, either company can terminate the merger agreement on its
own without completing the merger if:

     - the merger is not completed by September 30, 2003, other than due to a
       breach of the merger agreement by the terminating company;

     - the necessary approval of the stockholders of either company is not
       obtained at their respective meetings;

     - any legal prohibition to completing the merger has become final and non-
       appealable;

     - the other company materially breaches the merger agreement and cannot or
       does not correct the breach within a 30-day cure period;

     - the board of directors of the other company withdraws or adversely
       changes its original recommendation of the merger, or recommends that its
       stockholders vote for a competing transaction; or

     - its own board of directors withdraws or adversely changes its original
       recommendation of the merger, or recommends that stockholders vote for a
       competing transaction, and the other company does not require that it
       submit the matter to be voted on at its meeting to a vote of its
       stockholders.

  TERMINATION FEES AND EXPENSES

     If the merger agreement is terminated under circumstances involving a
proposed business transaction between either Devon or Ocean and a third party
that conflicts with the merger and other conditions are satisfied, either Devon
or Ocean will be required to pay a termination fee of up to $139 million and
reimburse the other party for up to $10 million of expenses incurred by the
other party in connection with the merger agreement.

  OPTION TO REQUIRE OTHER PARTY'S
  STOCKHOLDER VOTE

     Each company will have an option, exercisable within two business days
after it receives written notice from the other party that the other party's
board of directors has withdrawn or adversely changed its original
recommendation or recommended a competing transaction to its stockholders, to
require the other party to (1) submit to a vote the matter to be voted on by
that party's stockholders and (2) disclose to that party's stockholders the
circumstances under which the matter is being submitted to a vote.

  NO SOLICITATION

     Devon and Ocean have generally agreed not to initiate or continue any
discussions with any other party regarding a business combination while the
merger is pending or to engage in any of those discussions unless required by
fiduciary obligations under applicable law.

OTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO THE MERGER

  PENDING LITIGATION

     A lawsuit was filed on February 27, 2003 against Ocean and all of the
members of Ocean's board of directors. The complaint seeks class action status
and alleges breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the approval of the
merger agreement by Ocean's board of directors. Ocean

believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend against it
vigorously. We can provide no assurance that additional claims may not be made
or filed arising out of, or relating to, the merger agreement or the
transactions that it contemplates.

  ANTITRUST CLEARANCE REQUIRED TO COMPLETE THE MERGER

     The merger is subject to antitrust laws. We made the required filings with
the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission relating to the
merger on March 7, 2003, but we are not permitted to complete the merger until
the applicable waiting periods have expired or otherwise terminated. We expect
that the applicable waiting periods will expire on or about April 7, 2003.
Although we do not expect the federal government or any state government to
attempt to stop the merger, we cannot assure you that they will not try to do
so.

  LISTING OF COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN THE MERGER

     Devon expects to obtain approval to list on the American Stock Exchange the
shares of Devon common stock to be issued pursuant to the merger agreement.

  APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Devon stockholders and Ocean common stockholders are not entitled to
appraisal rights in connection with the merger. Ocean convertible preferred
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights in accordance with Delaware law.
See "The Merger -- Appraisal Rights" section of this document for more
information regarding the appraisal rights of Ocean convertible preferred
stockholders.

  ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     Devon will account for the merger using the purchase method of accounting.
Under that method of accounting, the aggregate consideration that Devon pays to
Ocean stockholders will be allocated to Ocean's assets and liabilities based on
their fair values, with any excess being treated as goodwill. Devon currently
expects to record approximately $1.3 billion of goodwill, but that estimate is
subject to change.

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION 2003 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

     On February 22, 2003, Devon's board of directors approved the Devon Energy
Corporation 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan, which we sometimes refer to in this
document as the "new long-term incentive plan" or the "plan," subject to
adoption of the plan by Devon stockholders and to completion of the merger. The
new long-term incentive plan is intended, among other things, to help the
combined company attract and retain directors and employees after the effective
time of the merger and to encourage them to promote the growth and profitability
of the combined company.

                  SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF OCEAN

     Ocean is providing the following information to aid in your analysis of the
financial aspects of the merger. Ocean derived this information from audited
financial statements for the years 1998 through 2002.

     The information is only a summary. You should read it along with Ocean's
historical financial statements and related notes and the section titled
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" contained in Ocean's annual reports and other information on file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated by reference into
this document. See the "Additional Information -- Where You Can Find More
Information" section of this document.

                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                            ------------------------------------------
                                             1998     1999     2000     2001     2002
                                            ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
                                             (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE DATA)

OCEAN SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED
  STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues..................................  $  536   $  758   $1,074   $1,255   $1,162
Earnings (loss) from continuing
  operations..............................    (407)     (22)     213      274      135
Earnings (loss) from continuing operations
  per share:
  Basic...................................   (4.04)   (0.16)    1.26     1.59     0.76
  Diluted.................................   (4.04)   (0.16)    1.22     1.53     0.74
Cash dividends per common share...........      --       --     0.04     0.16     0.16

                                                        AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                            ------------------------------------------
                                             1998     1999     2000     2001     2002
                                            ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
                                                          (IN MILLIONS)

OCEAN SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED
  BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Total assets..............................  $2,007   $2,783   $2,890   $3,469   $3,893
Long-term debt............................   1,372    1,333    1,033    1,283    1,443
Stockholders' equity......................     377      948    1,153    1,472    1,575

                  SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA OF DEVON

     Devon is providing the following information to aid in your analysis of the
financial aspects of the merger. Devon derived this information from audited
financial statements for the years 1998 through 2002.

     The information is only a summary. You should read it along with Devon's
historical financial statements and related notes and the section titled
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" contained in Devon's annual reports and other information on file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated by reference into
this document. See the "Additional Information -- Where You Can Find More
Information" section of this document.

                                                            YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  --------------------------------------------
                                                   1998     1999     2000     2001      2002
                                                  ------   ------   ------   -------   -------
                                                    (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE DATA)

DEVON SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED
  STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues........................................  $  604   $1,140   $2,587   $ 2,864   $ 4,316
Earnings (loss) from continuing operations
  before cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle..........................    (201)    (193)     661        23        59
Earnings (loss) from continuing operations
  before cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle per share:
  Basic.........................................   (2.83)   (2.13)    5.13      0.09      0.32
  Diluted.......................................   (2.83)   (2.13)    4.97      0.09      0.32
Cash dividends per common share.................    0.10     0.14     0.17      0.20      0.20

                                                               AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                  --------------------------------------------
                                                   1998     1999     2000     2001      2002
                                                  ------   ------   ------   -------   -------
                                                                 (IN MILLIONS)

DEVON SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
  SHEET DATA:
Investment in common stock of ChevronTexaco
  Corporation...................................  $   --   $  614   $  599   $   636   $   472
Total assets....................................   1,931    6,096    6,860    13,184    16,225
Debentures exchangeable into shares of
  ChevronTexaco Corporation.....................      --      760      760       649       662
Other long-term debt............................     736    1,656    1,289     5,940     6,900
Convertible preferred securities of subsidiary
  trust.........................................     149       --       --        --        --
Stockholders' equity............................     750    2,521    3,277     3,259     4,653

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA

     The following describes the pro forma effect of the merger on (1) the
consolidated statement of operations data of Devon and Ocean for the year ended
December 31, 2002 and (2) the consolidated balance sheet data of Devon and Ocean
as of December 31, 2002. The unaudited pro forma combined condensed balance
sheet data is presented as if the merger had occurred on December 31, 2002. The
unaudited pro forma combined condensed statement of operations data is presented
as if the merger had occurred on January 1, 2002.

     This information is only a summary. You should read the unaudited pro forma
combined financial information and the accompanying notes that are included in
this document. You should also read the historical information of Devon and
Ocean that is incorporated by reference into this document.

     We are providing the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial and
other data for informational purposes only. It does not purport to represent
what the financial position and results of operations of the combined company
would actually have been had the merger in fact occurred on the dates indicated.
It also does not purport to represent the future results that the combined
company will achieve after the merger.

     We prepared the pro forma information based on the following:

     - Both Devon and Ocean use the full cost method of accounting for their oil
       and gas producing activities.

     - Devon acquired all the outstanding common shares of Mitchell Energy &
       Development Corp. on January 24, 2002. Devon's operating results for 2002
       included in the unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations
       assume that the Mitchell acquisition occurred on January 1, 2002.

     - We have not reflected as an adjustment to the historical data annual cost
       savings of at least $50 million that Devon and Ocean expect to result
       from the merger.

     - Devon recognized net earnings from discontinued operations in 2002 of $45
       million. This gain is not included in the summary unaudited pro forma
       combined statement of operations.

     No pro forma adjustments have been made with respect to the following
unusual items. These items are reflected in the historical results of Devon and
Ocean, as applicable, and should be considered in reading the pro forma results:

     - In the second quarter of 2002, Devon recognized a $651 million ($371
       million after tax) reduction to the carrying value of its Canadian oil
       and gas properties pursuant to the full cost accounting ceiling rules.

     - In the third quarter of 2002, Ocean announced that it would discontinue
       current exploratory activities in Pakistan and on Block 10 offshore
       Angola. As a result, Ocean recognized an impairment in the amount of $76
       million ($50 million after tax).

     - In the fourth quarter of 2002, Devon recognized a $205 million ($128
       million after tax) expense related to the impairment of the value of 7.1
       million shares of ChevronTexaco Corporation common stock owned by Devon.
       The impairment was related to Devon's determination that the decline in
       the value of the ChevronTexaco common stock was other than temporary, as
       such term is defined by accounting rules.

                                                               COMBINED COMPANY PRO FORMA
                                                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
                                                              ----------------------------
                                                                     (IN MILLIONS,
                                                                 EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues:
  Oil sales.................................................             $ 1,549
  Gas sales.................................................               2,655
  NGL sales.................................................                 304
  Marketing & midstream revenues............................               1,069
                                                                         -------
     Total revenues.........................................               5,577
                                                                         -------
Operating costs and expenses:
  Lease operating expenses..................................                 835
  Transportation costs......................................                 190
  Production taxes..........................................                 148
  Marketing & midstream costs and expenses..................                 873
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization..................               1,811
  General and administrative................................                 321
  Reduction of carrying value of oil and gas properties.....                 727
                                                                         -------
     Total operating costs and expenses.....................               4,905
                                                                         -------
Earnings from operations....................................                 672
Other income (expenses):
  Interest expense..........................................                (582)
  Dividends on subsidiary's preferred stock.................                  (3)
  Effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.....                   1
  Change in fair value of financial instruments.............                  28
  Impairment of ChevronTexaco Corporation common stock......                (205)
  Other income (expenses)...................................                  32
                                                                         -------
     Net other expenses.....................................                (729)
                                                                         -------
Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income
  taxes.....................................................                 (57)
Income tax expense (benefit):
  Current...................................................                  47
  Deferred..................................................                (180)
                                                                         -------
     Total income tax expense (benefit).....................                (133)
                                                                         -------
Earnings from continuing operations.........................                  76
Less preferred stock dividends..............................                  10
                                                                         -------
Net earnings applicable to common stockholders..............             $    66
                                                                         =======
Net earnings from continuing operations per share:
  Basic.....................................................             $  0.29
  Diluted...................................................                0.29
Cash dividends per share....................................                0.20
Weighted average common shares outstanding:
  Basic.....................................................                 229
  Diluted...................................................                 232

                                                               COMBINED COMPANY PRO FORMA
                                                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
                                                              ----------------------------

PRODUCTION, PRICE AND OTHER DATA:
Production:
  Oil (MMBbls)..............................................                  70
  Gas (Bcf).................................................                 927
  NGLs (MMBbls).............................................                  22
  MMBoe.....................................................                 247
Average prices:
  Oil (per Bbl).............................................             $ 22.00
  Gas (per Mcf).............................................                2.87
  NGLs (per Bbl)............................................               13.99
  Per Boe...................................................               18.28
Cost per Boe:
  Operating costs...........................................                4.76
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization of oil and gas
     properties.............................................                6.85

                                                              COMBINED COMPANY PRO FORMA
                                                               AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2002
                                                              --------------------------
                                                                    (IN MILLIONS,
                                                                EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Total assets................................................           $23,056
Debentures exchangeable into shares of ChevronTexaco
  Corporation common stock..................................               662
Other long-term debt........................................             8,520
Stockholders' equity........................................             8,285
Book value per share........................................             36.06

                                  RISK FACTORS

     You should consider carefully the following risk factors before deciding
how to vote.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO INTEGRATE THE OPERATIONS OF DEVON AND OCEAN SUCCESSFULLY

     The merger will present challenges to management, including the integration
of the operations, technologies and personnel of Devon and Ocean. The merger
will also include other risks commonly associated with similar transactions,
including unanticipated liabilities, unanticipated costs and diversion of
management's attention. Any difficulties that we encounter in the transition and
integration process could have an adverse effect on the revenue, level of
expenses and operating results of the combined company. The combined company may
also experience operational interruptions or the loss of key employees,
customers or suppliers. As a result, we may not realize any of the anticipated
benefits of the merger.

THE MARKET VALUE AT THE EFFECTIVE TIME OF THE MERGER OF THE CONSIDERATION TO
OCEAN STOCKHOLDERS IS DETERMINED BY THE PRICE OF DEVON COMMON STOCK; THE MARKET
VALUE WILL DECREASE IF THE MARKET VALUE OF DEVON COMMON STOCK DECREASES

     The market value at the effective time of the merger of the consideration
that Ocean stockholders will receive in the merger depends on the trading price
of Devon common stock. The 0.414 exchange ratio that determines the number of
shares of Devon common stock that Ocean stockholders will receive in the merger
is fixed. This means that there is no "price protection" mechanism contained in
the merger agreement that would adjust the number of shares that Ocean
stockholders will receive based on any increases or decreases in the trading
price of Devon common stock. If Devon's stock price decreases, the market value
of the consideration will also decrease. For historical and current market
prices of Devon common stock and Ocean common stock, see the "Market Prices and
Dividend Information" section of this document.

THE MERGER MAY BE DILUTIVE TO VARIOUS FINANCIAL MEASUREMENTS

     Devon expects that, in the near term, the merger will be slightly dilutive
to its earnings per share, cash flow per share, production per share and
reserves per share on a pro forma basis. Future events and conditions could
cause such dilution to be more significant than expected, including, among other
things, adverse changes in:

     - energy market conditions;

     - commodity prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs;

     - anticipated production levels;

     - anticipated reserve levels;

     - future operating results;

     - competitive conditions;

     - the effectiveness of technologies;

     - the availability of capital resources;

     - laws and regulations affecting the energy business;

     - capital expenditure obligations; and

     - general economic conditions.

THE COMBINED COMPANY MAY REQUIRE CAPITAL OUTLAYS IN EXCESS OF ITS CASH FLOW

     The benefits that Devon and Ocean expect from the merger may be reduced if
the combined company's cash flow is insufficient to meets its capital needs.
Devon and Ocean have a significant number

of proved undeveloped reserves, or PUDs, international drilling commitments and
deepwater projects and prospects. The capital outlays necessary to achieve the
anticipated benefits of those assets will be significant. In addition, the
combined company will have significant debt maturities over the next several
years. If the combined company's operating cash flow is insufficient to meet
those outlays, we may need to reduce or reprioritize our capital budget, or sell
non-core assets, "monetize" commercial discoveries that would be capital
intensive or access the capital markets to obtain the necessary funds. A
significant decline in commodity prices would make it even more difficult to
fund those projects at the times required.

OIL AND GAS OPERATIONS INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL COSTS AND ARE SUBJECT TO VARIOUS
ECONOMIC RISKS

     The oil and gas operations of Devon and Ocean are, and the oil and gas
operations of the combined company will be, subject to the economic risks
typically associated with exploration, development and production activities,
including the necessity of significant expenditures to locate and acquire
properties and to drill exploratory wells. In conducting exploration,
development and production activities, the occurrence of some events can cause
damage to property, interrupt production or otherwise compromise the combined
company's operations. These risks include:

     - the presence of unanticipated pressure or irregularities in formations;

     - weather disturbances;

     - lack of access to pipelines or other methods of transportation;

     - accidents, blowouts or similar events; or

     - environmental hazards or liabilities.

     A significant occurrence of one of these events could result in a total
loss of the combined company's investment in a particular property. If
exploration efforts are unsuccessful in establishing proved reserves and
exploration activities cease, the amounts accumulated as unproved costs would be
charged against earnings as impairments in countries where the existence of
proved reserves has not yet been determined. In addition, the cost and timing
associated with drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain.

DEVON AND OCEAN ARE, AND THE COMBINED COMPANY WILL BE, SUBJECT TO UNCERTAINTIES
OF FOREIGN OPERATIONS

     Devon has international operations in Azerbaijan, Brazil, China and West
Africa. Ocean has numerous international assets in Equatorial Guinea, Angola,
Nigeria, Cote d'Ivoire, Egypt, the Russian Republic of Tatarstan, Brazil and
Indonesia that will expose the combined company to additional uncertainties.
Political, economic and other uncertainties may adversely affect these
operations. These uncertainties include:

     - general strikes and civil unrest;

     - the risk of war, acts of terrorism, expropriation, forced renegotiation
       or modification of existing contracts;

     - import and export regulations;

     - taxation policies, including royalty and tax increases and retroactive
       tax claims, and investment restrictions;

     - transportation regulations and tariffs;

     - exchange controls, currency fluctuations, devaluation or other activities
       that limit or disrupt markets and restrict payments or the movement of
       funds;

     - laws and policies of the United States affecting foreign trade, including
       trade sanctions;

     - the possibility of being subject to exclusive jurisdiction of foreign
       courts in connection with legal disputes relating to licenses to operate
       and concession rights in countries where Devon and Ocean currently
       operate;

     - the possible inability to subject foreign persons to the jurisdiction of
       courts in the United States; and

     - difficulties in enforcing the combined company's rights against a
       governmental agency because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and
       foreign sovereignty over international operations.

     Foreign countries have occasionally asserted rights to land, including oil
and gas properties, through border disputes. If a country claims superior rights
to oil and gas leases or concessions granted to Devon or Ocean by another
country, Devon's or Ocean's interests could decrease in value or be lost. Even
the combined company's smaller international assets may affect our overall
business and results of operations by distracting management's attention from
our more significant assets. Various regions of the world have a history of
political and economic instability. This instability could result in new
governments or the adoption of new policies that might assume a substantially
more hostile attitude toward foreign investment. In an extreme case, such a
change could result in termination of contract rights and expropriation of
foreign-owned assets. This could adversely affect the combined company's
interests.

REPORTED OIL, NATURAL GAS AND NGL RESERVE DATA AND FUTURE NET REVENUE ESTIMATES
ARE UNCERTAIN

     Estimates of reserves are projections based on engineering data, projected
future rates of production and the timing of future expenditures. Devon's
estimates of its proved oil, natural gas and NGL reserves and projected future
net revenue are based on reserve reports that Devon prepares and on the reports
of independent consulting petroleum engineers that it hires for that purpose.
Ocean's estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves and projected net
revenue are based on reports prepared by internal reserve engineers. At least
80% of Ocean's estimates of proved reserves are reviewed annually by an
independent petroleum engineering firm. The process of estimating oil, natural
gas and NGL reserves requires substantial judgment, resulting in imprecise
determinations, particularly for new discoveries. Different reserve engineers
may make different estimates of reserve quantities and related revenue based on
the same data. Future performance that deviates significantly from the reserve
reports could have a material adverse effect on the combined company's financial
position and results of operations.

PRODUCT PRICES ARE VOLATILE, AND LOW PRICES CAN ADVERSELY IMPACT RESULTS

     The results of operations of Devon and Ocean are highly dependent on the
prices of and demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs. Historically, the markets
for oil, natural gas and NGLs have been volatile and are likely to continue to
be volatile in the future. Accordingly, the prices received by Devon and Ocean
for their oil, natural gas and NGL production depend on numerous factors beyond
their control. These factors include, among other things:

     - the level of ultimate consumer product demand;

     - governmental regulations and taxes;

     - the price and availability of alternative fuels;

     - the level of imports and exports of oil, natural gas and NGLs;

     - the overall economic environment;

     - OPEC production restraints; and

     - weather.

Any significant decline in prices for oil, natural gas and NGLs, as has occurred
from time to time in the past, could have a material adverse effect on the
combined company's financial condition, results of operations and quantities of
reserves recoverable on an economic basis. Should the oil and gas industry
experience significant price declines or other adverse market conditions, the
combined company may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows from
operations to meet its obligations and to make planned capital expenditures.

CONCESSIONS GRANTED TO DEVON AND OCEAN BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES WILL REQUIRE
SIGNIFICANT CAPITAL OUTLAYS WITHOUT GUARANTEED RESULTS

     Devon and Ocean have made commitments in connection with being granted
concessions by foreign countries that will require the combined company to make
significant capital outlays. The benefits that Devon and Ocean anticipate from
those commitments may not be realized. It would likely be difficult for the
combined company to exit some or all of those countries without making those
capital outlays.

OCEAN'S SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT IN SEVERAL HIGH VOLUME ASSETS MAY NOT GENERATE
THE BENEFITS EXPECTED BY DEVON

     Devon believes that a significant portion of Ocean's value and future
potential is tied to several of its high volume assets, including the Zafiro
Field in Equatorial Guinea and six significant deepwater discoveries in the Gulf
of Mexico. These projects currently account for about 40% of Ocean's current
reserves. To the extent that these assets do not generate the return expected of
them, the benefits of the merger to Devon will be reduced and the combined
company may have to write down the related reserves.

TERRORIST ATTACKS OR SIMILAR HOSTILITIES MAY ADVERSELY IMPACT OUR RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

     The impact that future terrorist attacks or regional hostilities
(particularly in the Middle East) may have on the energy industry in general,
and on Devon, Ocean and the combined company in particular, is not known at this
time. Uncertainty surrounding military strikes or a sustained military campaign
may affect operations in unpredictable ways, including disruptions of fuel
supplies and markets, particularly oil, and the possibility that infrastructure
facilities, including pipelines, production facilities, processing plants and
refineries, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of
terror or war. Moreover, each of Devon and Ocean have incurred additional costs
since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 to safeguard certain of its
assets, and the combined company may be required to incur significant additional
costs in the future.

THE COMBINED COMPANY'S DEBT LEVEL MAY LIMIT ITS FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY

     As of December 31, 2002, Devon had approximately $7.6 billion of total
debt. As of the same date, Ocean had approximately $1.4 billion of total debt.
Assuming that the merger had been completed on December 31, 2002, the combined
company would have had approximately $9.2 billion of total debt on a pro forma
basis. The combined company may incur additional debt in the future, including
debt in connection with future acquisitions. The level of the combined company's
debt could have several important effects on the combined company's future
operations, including, among other things:

     - a significant portion of the combined company's cash flow from operations
       will be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on outstanding
       debt and will not be available for other purposes;

     - credit rating agencies may in the future view the combined company's debt
       level negatively;

     - covenants contained in Devon's and Ocean's existing debt arrangements
       will require the combined company to continue to meet financial tests
       that may affect the combined company's flexibility in planning for and
       reacting to changes in its business, including possible acquisition
       opportunities;

     - the combined company's ability to obtain additional financing for working
       capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate and other
       purposes may be limited;

     - the combined company may be at a competitive disadvantage to similar
       companies that have less debt; and

     - the combined company may be more vulnerable to adverse economic and
       industry conditions as a result of its significant debt level.

                                 THE COMPANIES

OCEAN ENERGY, INC.

     Ocean is an independent energy company engaged primarily in oil and natural
gas exploration, development and production, and the acquisition of producing
properties. Ocean conducts North American operations in the shelf and deepwater
areas of the Gulf of Mexico, the Rocky Mountains, the Permian Basin, Anadarko,
East Texas, North Louisiana and the Gulf Coast regions. Internationally, Ocean
conducts oil and gas activities in Equatorial Guinea, Angola, Nigeria and Cote
d' Ivoire. Ocean also conducts operations in Egypt, the Russian Republic of
Tatarstan, Brazil and Indonesia.

     Ocean has developed a significant position among U.S. independent oil and
gas exploration and production companies in the deep waters off the coasts of
the Gulf of Mexico, Brazil and West Africa. Ocean has assumed an operator
position as controlling partner on selected properties in each of these
deepwater areas. During 2002, Ocean increased its deepwater net acreage position
in the Gulf of Mexico and expanded its international operations by adding new
blocks in Angola, Nigeria and Egypt.

     At December 31, 2002, Ocean's estimated proved reserves were 593 MMBoe, of
which 50% were natural gas reserves and 50% were oil and NGL reserves. The
present value of pre-tax net revenues discounted at 10% per annum assuming
essentially constant prices of these reserves was $6.4 billion. After taxes, the
present value was $4.7 billion.

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION

     Devon is an independent energy company engaged primarily in oil and natural
gas exploration, development and production, acquisition of producing
properties, transportation of oil, gas and NGLs and the processing of natural
gas. Through its predecessors, Devon began operations in 1971. Devon operates
oil and gas properties in the United States, Canada and internationally. Devon's
North American properties are concentrated within five geographic areas.
Operations in the United States are focused in the Permian Basin, the
Mid-Continent, the Rocky Mountains and onshore and offshore Gulf Coast. Canadian
operations are focused in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin in Alberta and
British Columbia. Operations outside North America currently include Azerbaijan,
Brazil, China and West Africa.

     In addition to its exploration and production activities, Devon has a
marketing and midstream business. The marketing business is responsible for the
marketing of Devon's natural gas, crude oil and NGLs. The midstream business
transports oil and gas, removes impurities and extracts NGLs from the natural
gas stream for separate sale. The midstream business is also responsible for
construction and operation of Devon's pipelines, storage and treatment
facilities and gas processing plants.

     At December 31, 2002, Devon's estimated proved reserves were 1,609 MMBoe,
of which 60% were natural gas reserves and 40% were oil and NGLs reserves. The
present value of pre-tax future net revenues discounted at 10% per annum
assuming essentially constant prices of those reserves was $15.3 billion. After
taxes, the present value was $10.4 billion.

                       PROPERTIES OF THE COMBINED COMPANY

     The following table shows the total proved reserves, net of royalties, as
of December 31, 2002 of Devon and Ocean, individually, and on a combined basis:

                                                                               COMBINED
                                             DEVON       OCEAN     COMBINED      MBOE%
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

BY OPERATING AREA
- -----------------
NORTH AMERICA -- MBOE:
United States -- Onshore.................    825,342     196,328   1,021,670       46%
United States -- Offshore................     60,249     197,603     257,852       12%
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------      ---
  Total United States....................    885,591     393,931   1,279,522       58%
Canada...................................    575,606          --     575,606       26%
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------      ---
  Total North America....................  1,461,197     393,931   1,855,128       84%
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------      ---
INTERNATIONAL -- MBOE:
Azerbaijan...............................    125,143          --     125,143        6%
Equatorial Guinea........................         --     116,832     116,832        5%
Other International......................     22,742      82,657     105,399        5%
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------      ---
  Total International....................    147,885     199,489     347,374       16%
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------      ---
  Total Company..........................  1,609,082     593,420   2,202,502      100%
                                           =========   =========   =========      ===
BY PRODUCT
- -----------
OIL -- MBBLS:
United States............................    147,352     106,712     254,064       12%
Canada...................................    148,959          --     148,959        7%
International............................    147,885     171,027     318,912       14%
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------      ---
  Total Company -- Oil...................    444,196     277,739     721,935       33%
                                           =========   =========   =========      ===
NATURAL GAS -- MMCF:
United States............................  3,551,812   1,608,680   5,160,492       39%
Canada...................................  2,284,048          --   2,284,048       17%
International............................         --     170,775     170,775        1%
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------      ---
  Total Company -- Natural Gas...........  5,835,860   1,779,455   7,615,315       57%
                                           =========   =========   =========      ===
NGLS -- MBBLS:
United States............................    146,271      19,105     165,376        8%
Canada...................................     45,972          --      45,972        2%
International............................         --          --          --       --
                                           ---------   ---------   ---------      ---
  Total Company -- NGLs..................    192,243      19,105     211,348       10%
                                           =========   =========   =========      ===
  Total Company -- MBoe..................  1,609,082     593,420   2,202,502      100%
                                           =========   =========   =========      ===

PRIMARY OPERATING AREAS

     Eighty-four percent of the combined company's proved reserves will be
within North America. The remainder is in several other regions. Devon has
organized its exploration and production operations geographically into five
separate areas in North America and one internationally. Devon also has a
separate marketing and midstream business.

     Ocean's operations are also organized geographically into three separate
areas. Each area includes an underlying base of producing oil and gas wells and
an inventory of undeveloped lands on which to explore for new oil and gas
reserves.

DEVON'S PROPERTIES

     Devon's North American properties are concentrated within five geographic
areas. Operations in the United States are focused in the Permian Basin, the
Mid-Continent, the Rocky Mountains and onshore and offshore Gulf Coast regions.
Canadian operations are focused in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin in
Alberta and British Columbia. Operations outside North America currently include
Azerbaijan, Brazil, China and West Africa. Maintaining a tight geographic focus
in selected core areas has allowed Devon to improve operating and capital
efficiency.

  UNITED STATES PROPERTIES

  Permian Basin

     The Permian Basin includes portions of Southeast New Mexico and West Texas.
These assets include conventional oil and gas properties from a wide variety of
geologic formations and productive depths. The Permian Basin represented 9% of
Devon's proved reserves at December 31, 2002.

     Devon's leasehold position in Southeast New Mexico encompasses more than
102,000 acres of developed lands and 237,000 acres of undeveloped land and
minerals. Historically, Devon has been a very active operator in this area
developing gas from the high productivity Morrow formation and oil in the lower
risk Delaware formation.

     In the West Texas area of the Permian Basin, Devon maintains a base of oil
production with long-life reserves. Many of these reserves are from both
operated and non-operated positions in large enhanced oil recovery units such as
the Wasson ODC Unit, the Willard Unit, the Reeves Unit, the North Welch Unit and
the Anton Irish (Clearfork) Unit. These oil-producing units often exhibit long
lives with low decline rates. Devon also owns a significant acreage position in
West Texas with over 194,000 acres of developed lands and over 224,000 acres of
undeveloped land and minerals at December 31, 2002.

  Mid-Continent

     The Mid-Continent region includes portions of Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas,
Mississippi and Louisiana. These areas encompass a wide variety of geologic
formations and productive depths and produce both oil and natural gas. Devon's
Mid-Continent production has historically come from conventional oil and gas
properties, but Devon has recently established two non-conventional gas
operations in the Mid-Continent region: the Barnett Shale and the Cherokee
coalbed methane project. The Mid-Continent region represented 30% of Devon's
proved reserves at December 31, 2002.

     The most significant asset acquired by Devon in its 2002 acquisition of
Mitchell was a substantial interest in the Barnett Shale of North Texas. The
Barnett Shale is known as a tight gas formation. This means that, in its natural
state, the formation is resistant to the production of natural gas. Mitchell
spent decades understanding how to efficiently develop and produce this gas. The
resulting technology yielded a low-risk and highly profitable natural gas
operation. Devon holds 525,000 net acres and over 1,100 producing wells in the
Barnett Shale. Devon's average working interest is approximately 95%. The
Barnett Shale is an unconventional natural gas resource that offers immediate
low-risk production growth and the potential for additional drilling locations.

     Devon has experienced success extracting gas from the Barnett Shale by
using light sand fracturing. Light sand fracturing yields better results and is
less expensive than earlier techniques and can be used to complete new wells and
to refracture existing wells. Refractured wells often exceed their original flow
rates. Devon is also investigating horizontal drilling and closer well spacing
to further enhance the value of the Barnett Shale.

     Devon's marketing and midstream operation transports, treats and processes
its Barnett Shale production along with Barnett Shale production from unrelated
third parties. The transport system consists of approximately 3,100 miles of
pipeline, a 650 MMcf per day gas processing plant, and a 15,000 Bbls per day NGL
fractionator.

     In 2003, Devon plans to drill up to 450 new Barnett Shale wells and
refracture 64 wells. Devon is also conducting exploratory pilot projects outside
the core development area in an effort to expand the productive area. The
Barnett Shale is expected to continue to be an important growth area for Devon
for the foreseeable future. Current production from the Barnett Shale is
approximately 345 MMcf and 21,700 Bbls of oil and NGLs per day net.

     The other non-conventional asset Devon is developing in the Mid-Continent
region is the Cherokee coalbed methane project. Coalbed methane is natural gas
produced from underground coal deposits. Devon acquired over 400,000 net acres
within the Cherokee area of Southeast Kansas and Northeast Oklahoma in 2001.

     Devon's East Texas properties are a significant conventional asset. A large
portion of this asset base was initially acquired in 1999. The Carthage and
Bethany fields are two of the primary properties. These properties produce from
the Cotton Valley sands, the Travis Peak sands and from shallower sands and
carbonates. Devon operates over 500 producing wells in this area and utilizes a
one to two rig drilling program to continue the low-risk, infill development of
this area.

     The 2002 acquisition of Mitchell added a complementary asset base to the
East Texas area. These properties are located on the western side of the East
Texas Basin and produce from the Bossier, Cotton Valley and Travis Peaks sands.
Devon operates approximately 400 producing wells in this area and plans to
continue the development drilling program with one to two rigs. Devon's current
net production in East Texas is approximately 123 MMcf and 3,800 Bbls of oil and
NGLs per day.

  Rocky Mountain Region

     Devon's operations in the Rocky Mountain region include properties in
Wyoming, Utah, and Northern New Mexico. These assets include conventional oil
and gas properties and coalbed methane projects. As of December 31, 2002, the
Rocky Mountain region comprised 11% of Devon's proved reserves.

     Devon began producing coalbed methane in the San Juan Basin of New Mexico
in the mid-1980s and began drilling coalbed methane wells in the Powder River
Basin of Wyoming in 1998. As of December 31, 2002, Devon has drilled over 1,500
coalbed methane wells in the Powder River Basin. Devon's net coalbed methane gas
production from the basin was approximately 80 MMcf per day as of December 31,
2002, and Devon plans to drill more than 100 wells in the Powder River Basin in
2003. Current production in the basin is primarily from the Wyodak coal
formation.

     The deeper Big George formation is currently being tested by Devon and
others with working interests in the area. Increased development in the Big
George is subject to an Environmental Impact Statement, which has been completed
and is expected to be approved within the next few months. Pending this approval
and the success of current pilot projects, the Big George could significantly
expand the coalbed methane play into the western portion of the Powder River
Basin. Devon's leasehold in this area would allow for the development of four
projects in the Big George.

     Devon is also continuing to develop conventional gas operations at the
Washakie field in Wyoming. Devon drilled 31 wells in 2002 and plans to drill
another 30 wells in 2003. Devon has interests in over 200,000 acres. Devon's
current net production from Washakie is approximately 77 MMcf and 1,100 Bbls of
oil and NGLs per day.

  Gulf of Mexico and Gulf Coast

     Devon is active in the offshore Gulf of Mexico and onshore South Texas and
South Louisiana. Devon operates 100 structures in the Gulf of Mexico
predominantly in the outer shelf area offshore Louisiana.

The Gulf of Mexico and Gulf Coast region represented 5% of Devon's proved
reserves at December 31, 2002.

     Devon is applying four-component, or 4-C, seismic technology to identify
prospects on large tracts of its shelf acreage. Traditional seismic techniques
have not been successful in imaging reservoirs lying below shallow gas
reservoirs and salt deposits, but 4-C seismic technology is allowing Devon's
geoscientists to more accurately picture these unexplored formations. Devon has
conducted two large 4-C seismic surveys offshore Louisiana and, in 2002, Devon
drilled four successful wells in the West Cameron area based on 4-C data. Devon
is also reprocessing large seismic data volumes using pre-stack depth migration
to prospect for oil and gas in the outer shelf. In addition, Devon is utilizing
new long cable 3-D seismic data to better image deep shelf prospects. Devon has
developed a significant inventory of drilling opportunities for deeper gas near
our infrastructure in offshore Louisiana and offshore Texas.

     In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, Devon participated in its first subsalt
discovery in 1999 in the Enchilada Field located in Garden Banks 128. Since then
Devon has operated several successful subsea completions ranging from Garden
Banks to Viosca Knoll. Devon has experience with the successful installation and
operation of subsea production equipment, which is an important component of any
deepwater program. Devon's Pecten discovery in Viosca Knoll Block 694, a subsea
tieback completed in 2001, is currently producing approximately 17 MMcf of gas
per day.

     Because deepwater exploration requires significant capital expenditures,
Devon's strategy is to share projects with experienced partners to mitigate
risk. In 2002, Devon entered into a four-well joint venture with ChevronTexaco
that will earn Devon a 25% working interest in 71 deepwater blocks and 14
identified exploratory prospects. Devon also made a potentially significant
discovery in 2002 in 8,200 feet of water at Cascade located in Walker Ridge
Block 206 and plans to participate with other partners in four or five deepwater
wells in 2003, including a confirmation well at Cascade.

     Devon's operations in the Gulf Coast region include operations onshore in
South Texas, where exploration for oil and gas is accelerating. Devon's
activities in this area have focused on exploration in the Edwards, Wilcox and
Frio/Vicksburg formations. Devon also acquired additional production and
undeveloped acreage in the South Texas area from its acquisition of Mitchell.

  CANADA

     Devon's acquisition of Anderson in late 2001 significantly increased the
relative importance of Devon's Canadian operations. The Anderson acquisition
strengthened Devon's holdings in the Deep Basin located in Western Alberta and
Eastern British Columbia, and the Foothills Region of Northeastern British
Columbia. As of December 31, 2002, 36% of Devon's proved reserves were in
Canada.

     Devon had sought for years to obtain a significant acreage position in the
Deep Basin, but other operators, including Anderson, already controlled most of
the acreage. As a result of the Anderson acquisition, Devon now holds over
800,000 net acres in the Deep Basin. The profitability of Devon's operations in
the Deep Basin is enhanced by its ownership in nine gas processing plants in the
area. Devon plans to drill about 100 wells in the Deep Basin in 2003. These
reservoirs tend to be rich in liquids, producing up to 100 barrels of NGLs with
each MMcf of gas.

     Late in 2002, Devon commenced production from the first of several wells it
has drilled in the Grizzly Valley area of the Foothills Region of Northeastern
British Columbia. Due to gas pipeline and processing limitations, initial
production has been limited to 10 MMcf of gas per day. However, a pipeline
extension slated for completion in the second quarter of 2003 should allow
production to increase to about 35 MMcf per day.

     Devon acquired from Anderson approximately 1.5 million net acres in the
MacKenzie Delta region and the shallow waters of the Beaufort Sea in Northern
Canada. In 2002, a Devon well in the MacKenzie Delta encountered over 110 feet
of natural gas pay in the Kamik sand. Two to three more exploratory wells are
planned by Devon in the MacKenzie Delta in 2003.

     Devon has been active for over a decade in Northeastern British Columbia,
an area in which Devon owns approximately 1.35 million net undeveloped acres of
land. In 2002, Devon participated in the drilling of 67 gross wells and plans to
participate in the drilling of approximately 93 wells in 2003.

     The Peace River Arch area is a more mature area with both light oil and
natural gas potential. Most of Devon's position in the Peace River Arch was
acquired through the Anderson acquisition. Devon holds roughly 730,000 net
undeveloped acres in the Peace River Arch, and the average production in 2002
was approximately 140 MMcf of natural gas and 7,500 Bbls of NGLs per day net. In
2003, Devon plans to participate in the drilling of 71 gross wells in the Peace
River Arch. Devon has an interest in a production and processing infrastructure
in the Peace River Arch, which enhances Devon's operations in the area.

     In the Northern Plains region of Northeastern Alberta, Devon has been
active for many years. While the area is a highly developed area with
winter-only access, Devon is very active, drilling in excess of 100 gross wells
per year. In 2002, average daily net production from the area was about 150 MMcf
of natural gas and approximately 3,400 Bbls of NGLs net. Natural gas is
encountered in multiple horizons at depths generally less than 1,300 feet. Devon
holds approximately 2 million net undeveloped acres in this area.

     Devon has about 400,000 net undeveloped acres in the central and southern
region of Alberta, and the average production from this area in 2002 was
approximately 80 MMcf of natural gas and 20,000 Bbls of NGLs per day net.
Planned activity in 2003 includes drilling approximately 70 gross wells that
vary from deep Devonian tests to shallow Cretaceous tests.

     Devon is also active in exploration for and production of "cold-flow" heavy
oil in the Lloydminster area of Alberta and Saskatchewan where oil is found in
multiple horizons generally at depths of 1,000 to 2,000 feet. In 2003, Devon
plans to drill 134 gross wells with primarily a development focus. Average daily
production from the area in 2002 was approximately 37 MMcf of natural gas and
13,750 Bbls of crude oil net.

     Devon is also active in the evaluation of thermal heavy oil in Alberta
through its 13% ownership interest in the Surmont project, operated by
ConocoPhillips, and is actively evaluating the development of a 100% working
interest heavy oil lease at Jackfish and an 83% working interest heavy oil
project at Dover. Each of these heavy oil projects target bitumen (heavy
tar-like oil) through the use of Steam Assisted Gravity Drainage whereby a pair
of horizontal wells are utilized. Steam is injected in one well and is used to
heat the bitumen to allow it to gravity drain to the other horizontal production
well.

  INTERNATIONAL

     Devon's international activities are currently focused in development
projects in Azerbaijan and China and deepwater exploration in the combined South
Atlantic Margin of Brazil and West Africa. In 2002, Devon divested all remaining
interests in Argentina, Indonesia and Egypt. As of December 31, 2002, 9% of
Devon's proved reserves were in countries outside North America.

     In Azerbaijan, Devon has a 5.6% carried working interest in the large
Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli, or ACG, oil development project. Devon estimates that the
ACG field contains over 4.6 billion barrels of gross proved oil reserves. The
development project commenced in 2002. The Baku-T'Bilisi-Ceyhan (BTC) pipeline
to export oil for this project has been approved by the governments of
Azerbaijan, Georgia and Turkey.

     In China, Devon is an acreage holder in the Pearl River Mouth Basin in the
South China Sea and has been successful in discovering two new fields. Devon is
currently developing the Devon operated Panyu development project and expects
oil production from two offshore platforms and into a floating production-
storage and offloading vessel to commence in late 2003. Gross capital
expenditures for the project are $340 million, with Devon owning a 24.5% working
interest. Peak production is expected to reach 58,000 Bbls of oil per day
(15,000 Bbls of oil per day net to Devon) in 2004.

     Devon's international exploration efforts are strategically focused in the
combined South Atlantic deepwater region of West Africa and Brazil. Devon's
presence in West Africa began in 1992 with exploration efforts resulting in the
discoveries of the Tchatamba fields in the shallow waters offshore Gabon. In
this region, Devon has five blocks and holds over 3.2 million net acres. Devon
plans to drill deepwater exploratory wells in its West Africa portfolio in Ghana
and Gabon in 2003. In Brazil, Devon will be acquiring a 3-D survey in a
Devon-operated deepwater block in early 2003 in order to identify future
drilling opportunities.

OCEAN'S PROPERTIES

     Ocean's properties are located primarily in three operating areas: (1) the
continental shelf and deepwater areas of the Gulf of Mexico, (2) onshore areas
of North America, and (3) internationally in Equatorial Guinea, Angola, Nigeria,
Cote d'Ivoire, Egypt, the Russian Republic of Tatarstan, Brazil and Indonesia.

  GULF OF MEXICO

     Ocean's Gulf of Mexico properties are located in offshore waters along the
coasts of Texas and Louisiana. In 2002, Ocean's Gulf of Mexico operations had
average daily production of 51 MBoe, or approximately 33% of its production for
the year.

     The major focus in the Gulf of Mexico area is associated with deepwater
prospects where Ocean currently has interests in 860,000 net acres covering 361
blocks. Exploratory efforts are focused on specific regions followed by
subsequent development of neighboring discoveries with production from a large,
centrally located facility. Ocean's interests in the Gulf of Mexico include:

     - Nansen/Boomvang/Navajo Complex -- During 2002, production began from
       Ocean's first major deepwater fields in the East Breaks area of the Gulf
       of Mexico where Ocean made two significant discoveries in 1999. The
       Nansen and Boomvang production spars have a combined daily production
       capacity of up to 80,000 Bbls of oil and 400 MMcf of gas. Production
       began from the Nansen field (in which Ocean owns a 50% working interest)
       in January 2002 and from the Boomvang fields (in which Ocean owns a 20%
       working interest) in June 2002. Additional discoveries made in the West
       Navajo field (in which Ocean owns a 50% working interest) and the
       Northwest Navajo field (in which Ocean owns a 50% working interest)
       during 2002 are being linked to the nearby Nansen spar via subsea
       tiebacks. Ocean's combined net production from the Nansen/Boomvang/Navajo
       complex was approximately 37 MBoe per day at December 31, 2002.
       Completion of dry tree and subsea wells is expected to continue through
       the first half of 2003.

     - Zia Development -- The Zia project (in which Ocean owns a 65% working
       interest) in Mississippi Canyon is the first deepwater development
       project operated by Ocean, with production scheduled to begin in late
       summer 2003. The field will utilize a subsea completion that will flow
       approximately 16 miles to a platform in South Pass 89.

     - Magnolia Development -- Ocean is participating in the development of the
       Magnolia Field (in which Ocean owns a 25% working interest), located in
       Garden Banks in nearly 4,700 feet of water. Development drilling is
       currently underway, and platform construction has begun, with production
       anticipated to begin by year-end 2004.

     - Redhawk Development -- First production from the Redhawk natural gas
       discovery (in which Ocean owns a 50% working interest) in Garden Banks is
       anticipated in 2004. Fabrication of a cell spar for Redhawk has already
       commenced.

     - Atwater Valley Area -- Ocean participated in two discoveries in the
       Atwater Valley area, Merganser (in which Ocean owns a 50% working
       interest) and Vortex (in which Ocean has a 33% working interest). Ocean
       is continuing to evaluate its additional exploration opportunities in the
       area.

     - Trident Prospect -- Ocean and Ocean's partners are currently evaluating
       the commerciality of the Trident discovery in Alaminos Canyon (in which
       Ocean owns a 13% working interest).

     In 2003, Ocean anticipates drilling another six prospects in the deepwater
Gulf of Mexico, including four prospects that will be Ocean-operated, Yorktown
(in which Ocean owns a 50% working interest) in Mississippi Canyon, Shiner (in
which Ocean owns a 25% working interest) in Garden Banks, Tuscany East (in which
Ocean owns a 37.5% working interest and Devon owns a 25% working interest) in
Desoto Canyon and Aztec (in which Ocean owns a 50% interest) in Keathley Canyon.
Ocean also intends to be active in the shelf area, specifically in the core
areas of the Delta and central Gulf of Mexico, where Ocean's activities in 2002
included a workover and recompletion program designed to maximize production
from the area and successful development drilling programs at the Main Pass 69
field (in which Ocean owns a 100% working interest) and the Eugene Island 126
field (in which Ocean owns a 100% working interest). The recompletion and
workover program will continue during 2003.

  NORTH AMERICA ONSHORE

     Ocean's portfolio of onshore properties in North America is focused
primarily in the Rocky Mountains, the Permian Basin, Anadarko, East Texas, North
Louisiana and the Gulf Coast onshore regions of South Texas and South Louisiana.
During 2002, Ocean's share of production from the North America Onshore area
averaged about 47 MBoe per day. Ocean's onshore interests in North America
include:

     - Rocky Mountains -- The Rocky Mountain area contains the Bear Paw field
       where Ocean has a large inventory of drilling locations. In 2002, Ocean
       completed a 75-well development drilling program in the Bear Paw Field,
       in which Ocean owns a 96% working interest. In 2003, Ocean intends to
       continue development of the field by expanding its drilling program to
       100 wells. Ocean also plans to implement 3-D seismic for the first time
       within the Bear Paw producing area to help identify optimum drilling
       locations within new fault blocks. Ocean obtained a 75% working interest
       in approximately 60,000 acres in Northwest Colorado during 2002 and plans
       to conduct exploratory activities on the acreage during 2003.

     - Permian Basin -- Ocean's 2002 activities in the Permian Basin included a
       successful horizontal drilling and development program in Ward County.
       The program included the drilling of two 17,000 foot horizontal gas
       wells, the Harding Fee #2H and the Harding Fee #3H (in which Ocean owns a
       65% working interest), which targeted the Montoya formation. In 2003,
       Ocean intends to continue horizontal drilling and development activities
       and plans to drill an exploratory horizontal well in Midland County.
       Ocean will also continue exploratory efforts in West Texas and New
       Mexico.

     - Anadarko -- Ocean continues to exploit its acreage position in the
       Anadarko area. During 2002, the primary focus was in the Strong City and
       Watonga-Chickasha areas in the Anadarko Basin and the Wilburton area in
       the Arkoma Basin. For 2003, Ocean plans additional development of the
       Anadarko area, particularly in the Texas Panhandle.

     - East Texas and North Louisiana -- Ocean's focus in this region is the
       Bossier, Carthage and Stockman Fields in East Texas and the Vernon Ansley
       and Ruston Field areas in North Louisiana where development drilling and
       recompletion activities are ongoing.

     - Gulf Coast -- Ocean's primary focus for 2002 in the onshore Gulf Coast
       region was in the Wilcox trend in South Texas. Exploitation activities
       are expected to continue in 2003, with increased development drilling, a
       continued active recompletion/workover program and the use of 3-D seismic
       to identify more exploration leads.

  INTERNATIONAL

     Ocean produces oil and gas in five countries outside of the United
States -- Equatorial Guinea, Egypt, Russia, Cote d'Ivoire and Indonesia. In
addition, Ocean has interests in other countries, including Angola, Brazil and
Nigeria. Ocean discontinued exploratory activities in Pakistan in 2002.

     Ocean's international operations include:

     - Equatorial Guinea -- Ocean has three production sharing contracts
       covering about 1.9 million gross acres in Equatorial Guinea, which
       included 20% of Ocean's reserves and accounted for approximately 22% of
       Ocean's production in 2002. In 2002, Ocean's share of production averaged
       about 33 MBoe per day. Nearly half of Ocean's international budget for
       2003 is slated to be spent in Equatorial Guinea on continued development
       of the Zafiro field. Ocean's interests in Equatorial Guinea include:

      - Block B (in which Ocean owns a 23.75% working interest) covers about
        547,000 gross acres and contains the Zafiro field, where production
        currently occurs from two facilities, the Zafiro Producer and the Jade
        Platform. In 2002, Ocean continued development of this area by
        successfully drilling eight development wells, one of which is the
        longest extended reach well from the Jade Platform to date, with
        approximately 13,000 feet of horizontal displacement. Ocean has also
        been conducting development activities in the Southern Expansion Area of
        the Zafiro field. To date, seven development wells have been drilled and
        suspended pending arrival of the Serpentina, a floating production,
        storage and offloading vessel that will add the capacity needed to begin
        producing from this area. This project remains on schedule to begin in
        the second half of 2003.

      - Ocean has been conducting exploratory activities on Block C (in which
        Ocean owns a 37.6% working interest). An exploratory well failed to
        discover commercial quantities of reserves, and Ocean is evaluating the
        remaining potential for oil in Block C. This block covers about 649,000
        gross acres.

      - In early 2002, Ocean entered into a production sharing contract with the
        government of Equatorial Guinea covering Corisco Bay Block N (in which
        Ocean owns a 25.5% working interest), an approximately 678,000 gross
        acre concession in the Rio Muni Basin offshore the mainland of
        Equatorial Guinea. Interpretation of final processed 3-D seismic data
        for Block N is underway, and Ocean expects to drill an exploratory well
        in the second half of 2003.

     - Egypt -- Egypt comprised about 4% of Ocean's reserves and accounted for
       about 6% of Ocean's production in 2002, and Ocean's share of production
       averaged about 9 MBoe per day. Ocean's Egyptian operations consist of
       working interests in seven concessions covering approximately 3.8 million
       gross acres. Four of these concessions are producing (East Zeit, Qarun,
       East Beni Suef and West Abu Gharadig). Ocean also holds an interest in
       three exploratory blocks, Southwest Gebel el Zeit in the Gulf of Suez,
       Ras Abu Darag in the Northern Gulf of Suez and North Zeit Bay in the Gulf
       of Suez.

     - Cote d'Ivoire -- Ocean is the operator on three blocks in Cote d'Ivoire,
       which cover about 313,000 gross acres. Ocean also owns and operates the
       Lion Gas Plant. Ocean's share of production in Cote d'Ivoire averaged 7
       MBoe per day in 2002.

     - Russia -- Ocean has a net 45% interest in a joint venture in the Russian
       Republic of Tatarstan. In 2002, the joint venture successfully drilled 29
       development wells and two exploratory wells in the Onbysk and Demkino
       fields and plans additional development activity in 2003. Ocean's share
       of production averaged about 5 MBoe per day in 2002.

     - Angola -- Ocean currently holds approximately 2.7 million gross offshore
       acres in the country. Ocean acquired an operated interest of about 1.2
       million gross acres in Block 10 (in which Ocean owns a 35% working
       interest) in early 2002 and is in the process of conducting 3-D seismic
       acquisition. Ocean plans to drill the first exploratory well on Block 10
       in 2003. In addition, Ocean

       holds an interest in about 1.2 million gross acres in Block 24 (in which
       Ocean owns a 40% working interest). Ocean will become operator of the
       block following the drilling of the Varina North well. Ocean anticipates
       drilling a second exploratory well on Block 24 in late 2003.

     - Brazil -- Ocean holds interests in two deepwater blocks offshore Brazil.
       Ocean has a 65% working interest in Block BM-C-15, which it operates, and
       a 20% working interest in Block BM-S-22. The two blocks cover a total of
       about 1.2 million gross acres. Ocean is in the process of interpreting
       3-D seismic data on Block BM-C-15 in the Campos Basin and plans to drill
       on this block in late 2003 or early 2004.

     - Nigeria -- In early 2003, Ocean finalized a production sharing contract
       to become operator of OPL Block 256 (in which Ocean owns a 95% working
       interest). The 631,000 gross acre block is located in water depths of
       6,000 to 9,500 feet. The working program calls for seismic studies and
       the drilling of three obligatory exploration wells, the first of which is
       expected to begin in 2004. Ocean plans to farm out a portion of its
       interest in this block.

     - Indonesia  -- Ocean owns a 1.7% interest in a joint venture in East
       Kalimantan, Indonesia. The majority of the joint venture's revenue
       results from the sale of liquefied natural gas.

DEVELOPED AND UNDEVELOPED ACREAGE

     The following tables set forth Devon's and Ocean's combined developed and
undeveloped oil and gas lease and mineral acreage on a pro forma basis as of
December 31, 2002:

                                              DEVELOPED -- GROSS           DEVELOPED -- NET
                                          --------------------------   -------------------------
                                          DEVON    OCEAN    COMBINED   DEVON    OCEAN   COMBINED
                                          ------   ------   --------   ------   -----   --------
                                                         (IN THOUSANDS OF ACRES)

United States -- Onshore................   2,654      977     3,631     1,610     587     2,197
United States -- Offshore...............     495      442       937       286     205       491
Canada..................................   3,655       --     3,655     2,296      --     2,296
International...........................      54      505       559         6     310       316
                                          ------   ------    ------    ------   -----    ------
  Total.................................   6,858    1,924     8,782     4,198   1,102     5,300
                                          ======   ======    ======    ======   =====    ======

                                              UNDEVELOPED -- GROSS             UNDEVELOPED -- NET
                                          -----------------------------   ----------------------------
                                          DEVON    OCEAN       COMBINED   DEVON    OCEAN      COMBINED
                                          ------   ------      --------   ------   -----      --------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS OF ACRES)

United States -- Onshore................   4,212    1,644        5,856     2,333     542        2,875
United States -- Offshore...............     781    2,207        2,988       467     962        1,429
Canada..................................  16,370       --       16,370    11,468      --       11,468
International...........................  11,759    9,371(1)    21,130     7,437   3,951(1)    11,388
                                          ------   ------       ------    ------   -----       ------
  Total.................................  33,122   13,222       46,344    21,705   5,455       27,160
                                          ======   ======       ======    ======   =====       ======

- ---------------

(1) Excludes an interest in 1,194,000 gross (239,000 net) acres in Angola Block
    19 that was relinquished in early 2003 and 1,485,000 gross (1,262,000 net)
    acres in the Makran Central block in Pakistan that was assigned by Ocean in
    early 2003.

                           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

     The following table presents: (1) historical per share data for Devon; (2)
pro forma per share data for Devon after giving effect to the Mitchell
acquisition; (3) pro forma per share data of the combined company after giving
effect to the merger; and (4) historical and equivalent pro forma per share data
for Ocean.

     The combined company pro forma per share data was derived by combining
information from the historical consolidated financial statements of Devon and
Ocean using the purchase method of accounting for the merger. You should read
this table together with the historical consolidated financial statements of
Devon and Ocean that are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
incorporated by reference into this document. See the "Additional
Information -- Where You Can Find More Information" section of this document.
You should not rely on the pro forma per share data as being necessarily
indicative of actual results had the merger and the Mitchell acquisition
occurred prior to the dates indicated below.

                                                   DEVON PRO                               OCEAN
                                                  FORMA AFTER       COMBINED     -------------------------
                                      DEVON         MITCHELL      COMPANY PRO                  EQUIVALENT
                                    HISTORICAL   ACQUISITION(1)     FORMA(2)     HISTORICAL   PRO FORMA(3)
                                    ----------   --------------   ------------   ----------   ------------

Earnings from continuing
  operations per share for the
  year ended December 31, 2002:
     Basic........................    $ 0.32         $ 0.31          $ 0.29        $0.76         $ 0.12
     Diluted......................      0.32           0.31            0.29         0.74           0.12
Cash dividends per share for the
  year ended December 31, 2002....      0.20           0.20            0.20         0.16           0.08
Book value per share as of
  December 31, 2002...............     29.68          29.68           36.06         8.93          14.93

- ---------------

(1) Devon's pro forma data includes the effect of the Mitchell acquisition as if
    it had occurred on January 1, 2002 instead of the actual closing date of
    January 24, 2002.

(2) The combined company's pro forma data includes the effect of the merger on
    the basis described in the notes to the unaudited pro forma combined
    financial information included elsewhere in this document.

(3) Ocean's equivalent pro forma amounts have been calculated by multiplying the
    combined company's pro forma earnings from continuing operations, cash
    dividends and book value per share amounts by the 0.414 exchange ratio.

                     MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

     Shares of Devon common stock are traded on the American Stock Exchange
under the symbol "DVN" and shares of Ocean common stock are traded on the New
York Stock Exchange under the symbol "OEI." The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the range of high and low sales prices per share for
Devon common stock, on the American Stock Exchange, and Ocean common stock, on
the New York Stock Exchange composite tape, as well as information concerning
quarterly cash dividends paid on those shares. The sales prices are as reported
in published financial sources.

                                          SHARES OF DEVON COMMON STOCK     SHARES OF OCEAN COMMON STOCK
                                         ------------------------------   ------------------------------
                                          HIGH       LOW     DIVIDENDS     HIGH       LOW     DIVIDENDS
                                         -------   -------   ----------   -------   -------   ----------

  First Quarter........................  $66.75    $52.30      $0.05      $21.60    $15.31      $0.04
  Second Quarter.......................   62.65     48.50       0.05       20.50     15.40       0.04
  Third Quarter........................   55.25     30.55       0.05       20.73     14.52       0.04
  Fourth Quarter.......................   41.25     31.45       0.05       19.81     15.60       0.04

  First Quarter........................   49.10     34.40       0.05       19.90     16.20       0.04
  Second Quarter.......................   52.28     45.05       0.05       22.62     18.93       0.04
  Third Quarter........................   49.70     33.87       0.05       22.15     16.68       0.04
  Fourth Quarter.......................   53.10     42.14       0.05       21.00     17.51       0.04

  First Quarter (through March 19,
     2003).............................   50.37     42.45       0.05       20.99     17.90       0.04

     Devon is currently paying a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per
share. The payment of dividends by Devon in the future will depend on business
conditions, Devon's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and
other factors.

     Since January 2001, Ocean has paid quarterly cash dividends of $0.04 per
share on its outstanding common stock. If the merger is not completed as
expected, the amount of future dividends declared and paid by Ocean will be
determined on a quarterly basis and will depend on Ocean's financial condition,
earnings, capital requirements and other factors.

     The merger agreement requires Devon and Ocean to coordinate dividend record
and payment dates so that Ocean stockholders do not fail to receive a dividend
in any calendar quarter or receive dividends on both Ocean common stock and
Devon common stock received in the merger in any calendar quarter. Since Ocean's
board of directors already has declared a second quarter 2003 common stock cash
dividend of $0.04 per share of Ocean common stock with a record date of April
10, 2003 and a payment date of April 24, 2003, Devon anticipates that if the
merger is completed during the second calendar quarter of 2003, Devon's common
stock cash dividend for such quarter, if any, would have a record date prior to
the effective time of the merger and a payment date after the merger is
completed.

                              THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

                                   OCEAN                                DEVON

TIME, PLACE AND     April 25, 2003                       April 25, 2003
DATE                10:00 a.m., local time               10:00 a.m., local time
                    The Four Seasons Hotel               Bank One Center
                    1300 Lamar                           100 North Broadway
                    Houston, Texas                       Third Floor, Kirkpatrick Room
                                                         Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
                    The meeting may be adjourned or      The meeting may be adjourned or
                    postponed to another date or place   postponed to another date or place
                    for proper purposes, including for   for proper purposes, including for
                    the purpose of soliciting            the purpose of soliciting
                    additional proxies.                  additional proxies.
PURPOSES            - To consider and vote on the        - To consider and vote on the
                      adoption of the Agreement and        approval of the issuance of Devon
                      Plan of Merger, dated as of          common stock pursuant to the
                      February 23, 2003, by and among      Agreement and Plan of Merger,
                      Devon Energy Corporation, Devon      dated as of February 23, 2003, by
                      NewCo Corporation and Ocean          and among Devon Energy
                      Energy, Inc., as it may be           Corporation, Devon NewCo
                      amended from time to time; and       Corporation and Ocean Energy,
                                                           Inc., as it may be amended from
                    - To transact other business as may    time to time;
                      properly be presented at the
                      meeting or any adjournments of     - To consider and vote on the
                      the meeting.                         adoption of the Devon Energy
                                                           Corporation 2003 Long-Term
                    At the present time, Ocean knows of    Incentive Plan, subject to the
                    no other matters that will be          consummation of the merger
                    presented for consideration at the     contemplated by the Agreement and
                    meeting.                               Plan of Merger, dated as of
                                                           February 23, 2003, by and among
                                                           Devon Energy Corporation, Devon
                                                           NewCo Corporation and Ocean
                                                           Energy, Inc., as it may be
                                                           amended from time to time; and
                                                         - To transact other business as may
                                                           properly be presented at the
                                                           meeting or any adjournments of
                                                           the meeting.
                                                         At the present time, Devon knows of
                                                         no other matters that will be
                                                         presented for consideration at the
                                                         meeting.
QUORUM              Presence, in person or by proxy, of  Presence, in person or by proxy, of
                    stockholders holding a majority of   stockholders holding a majority of
                    the shares of Ocean capital stock    the shares of Devon capital stock
                    entitled to vote at the meeting.     entitled to vote at the meeting.
RECORD DATE         Close of business on March 17,       Close of business on March 17,
                    2003.                                2003.

                                   OCEAN                                DEVON

SHARES ENTITLED TO  - You may vote at the Ocean meeting  - You may vote at the Devon meeting
VOTE                  if you owned Ocean common stock      if you owned Devon common stock
                      or Ocean convertible preferred       or exchangeable shares issued by
                      stock as of the record date.         Devon's subsidiary, Northstar
                      Ocean common stockholders and        Energy Corporation, as of the
                      Ocean convertible preferred          record date. Holders of Devon
                      stockholders will vote as a          common stock and Northstar
                      single class, with the Ocean         exchangeable shares will vote as
                      convertible preferred                a single class.
                      stockholders voting on an
                      as-converted basis.                - You may cast one vote for each
                                                           share of Devon common stock and
                    - You may cast one vote for each       one vote for each Northstar
                      share of Ocean common stock that     exchangeable share that you owned
                      you owned on the record date.        on the record date.
                    - You may cast 70.34 votes for each
                      share of Ocean convertible
                      preferred stock that you owned on
                      the record date.
RECOMMENDATIONS OF  Ocean's board of directors has       Devon's board of directors has
THE BOARDS OF       unanimously approved and adopted     unanimously approved and adopted
DIRECTORS           the merger agreement and determined  the merger agreement and determined
                    that it is advisable and in the      that it is advisable and in the
                    best interests of Ocean and its      best interests of Devon and its
                    stockholders. Accordingly, the       stockholders. Accordingly, the
                    board recommends that Ocean          board recommends that Devon
                    stockholders vote to adopt the       stockholders vote to approve the
                    merger agreement.                    issuance of Devon common stock
                                                         pursuant to the merger agreement.
                                                         Devon's board of directors also has
                                                         unanimously approved the new long-
                                                         term incentive plan and recommends
                                                         that Devon stockholders vote to
                                                         adopt the new long-term incentive
                                                         plan.
VOTES REQUIRED      - The affirmative vote of the        - The affirmative vote of the
                      holders of at least a majority in    holders of at least a majority of
                      interest of the voting power of      the votes cast in person or by
                      outstanding Ocean voting stock,      proxy by holders of Devon voting
                      with Ocean convertible preferred     stock is required to approve the
                      stockholders voting on an as-        issuance of Devon common stock
                      converted basis and as a single      pursuant to the merger agreement.
                      class with Ocean common
                      stockholders, is required to       - The affirmative vote of the
                      adopt the merger agreement.          holders of at least a majority of
                                                           the Devon voting power present in
                    - Abstentions will have the same       person or by proxy and entitled
                      effect as votes against adoption     to vote is required to adopt the
                      of the merger agreement.             new long-term incentive plan.
                    - The failure of a stockholder to    - Abstentions will not affect the
                      vote in person or by proxy will      outcome of the vote with respect
                      also have the effect of a vote       to the issuance of Devon common
                      against adoption of the merger       stock in the merger.
                      agreement.

                                   OCEAN                                DEVON

VOTES REQUIRED                                           - Abstentions will have the same
  (CONTINUED)                                            effect as votes against adoption of
                                                           the new long-term incentive plan.
                                                         - Assuming a quorum is present, the
                                                           failure of a stockholder to vote
                                                           in person or by proxy will not
                                                           affect the outcome of either
                                                           Devon vote.
SHARES OUTSTANDING  As of the record date, there were    As of the record date, there were
                    177,780,229 shares of Ocean common   156,916,379 shares of Devon voting
                    stock and 50,000 shares of Ocean     stock outstanding and entitled to
                    convertible preferred stock,         vote, consisting of 155,407,742
                    constituting 3,517,000 shares of     shares of Devon common stock and
                    Ocean common stock on an             1,508,637 Northstar exchangeable
                    as-converted basis, outstanding and  shares.
                    entitled to vote.
VOTING PROCEDURES   A proxy card will be sent to each Devon and Ocean stockholder of record.
                    If you have timely and properly submitted your proxy, clearly indicated
                    your vote and have not revoked your proxy, your shares will be voted as
                    indicated. If you have timely and properly submitted your proxy but have
                    not clearly indicated your vote, your shares will be voted FOR the
                    proposal to adopt the merger agreement, in the case of Ocean
                    stockholders, and FOR the proposal to approve the issuance of shares of
                    Devon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and FOR the proposal
                    to adopt the new long-term incentive plan, in the case of Devon
                    stockholders.
                    If any other matters are properly presented at the meeting for
                    consideration, the persons named in your proxy will have the discretion
                    to vote on these matters in accordance with their best judgment. Proxies
                    voted against the proposals related to the merger will not be voted in
                    favor of any adjournment of the meeting for the purpose of soliciting
                    additional proxies.
                    Voting by Ocean Common Stockholders  Voting by Devon Common Stockholders
                    and Convertible Preferred
                    Stockholders                         Devon common stockholders may vote
                                                         using any of the following methods:
                    Ocean common stockholders and Ocean
                    convertible preferred stockholders   - phone the toll-free number listed
                    may vote using any of the following    on your proxy card and follow the
                    methods:                               recorded instructions;
                    - phone the toll-free number listed  - go to the Internet website listed
                      on your proxy card and follow the    on your proxy card and follow the
                      recorded instructions;               instructions provided;
                    - go to the Internet website listed  - complete, sign and mail your
                      on your proxy card and follow the    proxy card in the postage-paid
                      instructions provided;               envelope; or
                    - complete, sign and mail your       - attend the meeting and vote in
                      proxy card in the postage-paid       person.
                      envelope; or
                    - attend the meeting and vote in
                      person.

                                   OCEAN                                DEVON

VOTING PROCEDURES                                        Voting by Holders of Northstar
  (CONTINUED)                                            Exchangeable Shares
                                                         Each Northstar exchangeable share
                                                         is entitled to vote at the Devon
                                                         meeting through a voting and
                                                         exchange trust agreement. Under
                                                         that agreement, CIBC Mellon Trust
                                                         Company, the trustee, is entitled
                                                         to exercise voting rights on behalf
                                                         of holders of Northstar
                                                         exchangeable shares. The trustee
                                                         holds one share of special voting
                                                         stock of Devon. The share of
                                                         special voting stock is entitled to
                                                         a number of votes equal to the
                                                         number of Northstar exchangeable
                                                         shares outstanding that are held by
                                                         persons other than Devon. Each
                                                         holder of Northstar exchangeable
                                                         shares, other than Devon, is
                                                         entitled to give the trustee voting
                                                         instructions for a number of votes
                                                         equal to the number of that
                                                         holder's Northstar exchangeable
                                                         shares. A voting direction card is
                                                         a means by which a holder of
                                                         Northstar exchangeable shares may
                                                         authorize the voting of his or her
                                                         voting rights at the meeting. The
                                                         trustee will exercise each vote
                                                         only as directed by the relevant
                                                         holders on the voting direction
                                                         card. In the absence of
                                                         instructions from a holder as to
                                                         voting, the trustee will not
                                                         exercise those votes. A holder of
                                                         Northstar exchangeable shares may
                                                         also instruct the trustee to give
                                                         him or her a proxy entitling him or
                                                         her to vote personally the relevant
                                                         number of votes or to grant to
                                                         Devon's management a proxy to vote
                                                         those votes.
                    Revocation                           Revocation
                    You may revoke your proxy at any     You may revoke your proxy at any
                    time prior to its exercise by:       time prior to its exercise by:
                    - giving written notice of           - giving written notice of
                      revocation to the Secretary of       revocation to the Corporate
                      Ocean;                               Secretary of Devon;
                    - appearing and voting in person at  - appearing and voting in person at
                      the Ocean meeting; or                the Devon meeting; or
                    - properly completing and executing  - properly completing and executing
                      a later dated proxy and              a later dated proxy and
                      delivering it to the Secretary of    delivering it to the Corporate
                      Ocean at or before the Ocean         Secretary of Devon at or before
                      meeting.                             the Devon meeting.
                    Your presence without voting at the  Your presence without voting at the
                    meeting will not automatically       meeting will not automatically
                    revoke your proxy, and any           revoke your proxy, and any
                    revocation during the meeting will   revocation during the meeting will
                    not affect votes previously taken.   not affect votes previously taken.

                                   OCEAN                                DEVON

VOTING PROCEDURES   Validity                             Validity
  (CONTINUED)       The inspectors of election will      The inspectors of election will
                    determine all questions as to the    determine all questions as to the
                    validity, form, eligibility          validity, form, eligibility
                    (including time of receipt) and      (including time of receipt) and
                    acceptance of proxies. Their         acceptance of proxies. Their
                    determination will be final and      determination will be final and
                    binding. Ocean's board of directors  binding. Devon's board of directors
                    has the right to waive any           has the right to waive any
                    irregularities or conditions as to   irregularities or conditions as to
                    the manner of voting. Ocean may      the manner of voting. Devon may
                    accept your proxy by any form of     accept your proxy by any form of
                    communication permitted by Delaware  communication permitted by Delaware
                    law so long as Ocean is reasonably   law so long as Devon is reasonably
                    assured that the communication is    assured that the communication is
                    authorized by you.                   authorized by you.
SOLICITATION OF     The accompanying proxy is being      The accompanying proxy is being
PROXIES             solicited on behalf of Ocean's       solicited on behalf of Devon's
                    board of directors. The expenses of  board of directors. The expenses of
                    preparing, printing and mailing the  preparing, printing and mailing the
                    proxy and materials used in the      proxy and materials used in the
                    solicitation will be borne by        solicitation will be borne by
                    Ocean.                               Devon.
                    Georgeson Shareholder                Innisfree M&A Incorporated has been
                    Communications, Inc. has been        retained by Devon to aid in the
                    retained by Ocean to aid in the      solicitation of proxies for a fee
                    solicitation of proxies for a fee    of $15,000 and the reimbursement of
                    of $20,000 and the reimbursement of  out-of-pocket expenses. Proxies may
                    out-of-pocket expenses. Proxies may  also be solicited from Devon
                    also be solicited from Ocean         stockholders by personal interview,
                    stockholders by personal interview,  telephone and telegram by Devon's
                    telephone and telegram by Ocean's    directors, officers and employees,
                    directors, officers and employees,   who will not receive additional
                    who will not receive additional      compensation for performing that
                    compensation for performing that     service. Arrangements also will be
                    service. Arrangements also will be   made with brokerage houses and
                    made with brokerage houses and       other custodians, nominees and
                    other custodians, nominees and       fiduciaries for the forwarding of
                    fiduciaries for the forwarding of    proxy materials to the beneficial
                    proxy materials to the beneficial    owners of Devon shares held by
                    owners of Ocean shares held by       those persons, and Devon will
                    those persons, and Ocean will        reimburse them for any reasonable
                    reimburse them for any reasonable    expenses that they incur.
                    expenses that they incur.
SHARES HELD IN      General
STREET NAME         If you hold your shares in the name of a bank, broker or other nominee,
                    you should follow the instructions provided by your bank, broker or
                    nominee when voting your shares or when granting or revoking a proxy.
                    Absent specific instructions from you, your broker is NOT empowered to
                    vote your shares with respect to the adoption of the merger agreement or
                    the issuance of Devon common stock in the merger. The shares not voted
                    because brokers lack power to vote them without instructions are also
                    known as "broker non-votes."
                    Absent specific instructions from you in accordance with the procedures
                    outlined by your broker, a broker may vote your shares of Devon common
                    stock for or against, in the broker's discretion, adoption of the new
                    long-term incentive plan.

                                   OCEAN                                DEVON

SHARES HELD IN      Effect of Broker Non-Votes           Effect of Broker Non-Votes and
  STREET NAME                                            Broker Abstentions
  (CONTINUED)       Broker non-votes will be counted as
                    present and represented at the       Broker non-votes will be counted as
                    Ocean meeting and will have the      present and represented at the
                    same effect as a vote against        Devon meeting. Broker non-votes
                    adoption of the merger agreement.    will not affect the outcome of the
                                                         vote regarding the issuance of
                                                         Devon common stock pursuant to the
                                                         merger agreement.
                                                         Broker abstentions regarding the
                                                         adoption of the new long-term
                                                         incentive plan will have the same
                                                         effect as a vote against adoption
                                                         of the new long-term incentive
                                                         plan.
AUDITORS            KPMG LLP serves as Ocean's           KPMG LLP serves as Devon's
                    independent auditors.                independent auditors.
                    Representatives of KPMG LLP plan to  Representatives of KPMG LLP plan to
                    attend the Ocean meeting and will    attend the Devon meeting and will
                    be available to answer appropriate   be available to answer appropriate
                    questions. Its representatives will  questions. Its representatives will
                    also have an opportunity to make a   also have an opportunity to make a
                    statement at the meeting if they so  statement at the meeting if they so
                    desire, although it is not expected  desire, although it is not expected
                    that any statement will be made.     that any statement will be made.

                                   THE MERGER

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Beginning in late October 2002, initial conversations between members of
Ocean's senior management and members of Devon's senior management were held
regarding the possibility of a business combination between Ocean and Devon. On
October 25, 2002, Ocean and Devon signed a confidentiality agreement. Shortly
thereafter, Devon and Ocean began exchanging confidential evaluation materials
and conducting due diligence investigations of each other.

     On October 30, 2002, the executive committee of Ocean's board of directors
met to discuss the possibility of a business combination between Ocean and Devon
and the status of ongoing discussions between Ocean and Devon. Representatives
of Ocean and Devon continued to hold discussions and conduct due diligence
relating to a potential business combination throughout November and early
December 2002.

     On November 13, 2002, J. Larry Nichols, Devon's Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer, met with James T. Hackett, Ocean's Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer, in Houston, Texas to discuss a potential business
combination between Ocean and Devon.

     On November 15, 2002, Ocean's board of directors held a special meeting to
discuss the potential business combination with Devon and to review financial
data and other information regarding Devon.

     On November 20 and 21, 2002, a meeting of members of the senior management
teams of Ocean and Devon, including Messrs. Nichols and Hackett, was held in
Galveston, Texas to review technical matters relating to the potential business
combination between Ocean and Devon.

     From late November 2002 through mid-December, Ocean's and Devon's legal
counsel conducted due diligence investigations, exchanged draft merger
agreements and related documents and held discussions and negotiations regarding
the terms of the merger agreement.

     On December 3, 2002, Devon's board of directors held a regularly scheduled
meeting in Oklahoma City at which the board of directors discussed the potential
merger with Ocean and reviewed information regarding Ocean.

     On December 10, 2002, Devon's board of directors held a special meeting to
discuss the potential merger with Ocean and to receive an update regarding the
status of the discussions between Ocean and Devon.

     On December 13, 2002, Ocean's board of directors held a regularly scheduled
meeting. At that meeting, Ocean's board of directors discussed the status of the
potential merger with Devon and received presentations from Ocean's management,
financial advisors and legal representatives. Mr. Nichols of Devon attended a
portion of that meeting to discuss the potential merger and to answer questions
from Ocean's directors.

     On December 16, 2002, Devon's board of directors held a special meeting to
discuss the potential merger with Ocean. Later on December 16, 2002, Ocean and
Devon decided to delay further discussions regarding a potential merger, pending
completion of additional due diligence, including exchange of year-end financial
and operating data.

     On January 29, 2003, Messrs. Nichols and Hackett met in Houston, Texas to
discuss the resumption of discussions about a potential merger between Ocean and
Devon. On February 3, 2003, Messrs. Nichols and Hackett agreed that Ocean and
Devon would resume discussions regarding a potential merger.

     On February 10 and 11, 2003, members of Devon's and Ocean's management
teams met in Houston, Texas, along with representatives from their respective
outside oil and gas engineering firms, to exchange technical data and discuss
various technical due diligence issues.

     From mid-February through February 23, 2003, representatives of Ocean and
Devon finalized due diligence investigations and continued to hold discussions
and negotiate the terms of the merger agreement and related matters.

     On February 21, 2003, Ocean's board of directors held a special meeting to
discuss the proposed merger. Representatives of Ocean's management, financial
advisors and legal counsel made presentations at that meeting and discussed the
proposed merger with Ocean's board of directors.

     On February 22, 2003, Devon's board of directors held a special meeting to
discuss the proposed merger. Representatives of Devon's management, financial
advisors and legal counsel made presentations at that meeting and discussed the
proposed merger with Devon's board of directors.

     On February 23, 2003, Ocean's board of directors held a special meeting at
which it received the opinion of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. to the effect
that, as of the date of such opinion, the 0.414 exchange ratio was fair to Ocean
common stockholders from a financial point of view. Thereafter, Ocean's board of
directors unanimously approved and adopted the merger agreement and resolved to
recommend that Ocean's stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement. At that
time, Ocean's board of directors also approved an amendment to Ocean's
stockholder rights plan that had the effect of causing the stockholder rights
plan to be inapplicable to Devon and the merger.

     Also on February 23, 2003, Devon's board of directors held a special
meeting at which it received the opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated to
the effect that, as of the date of such opinion, the 0.414 exchange ratio
pursuant to the merger agreement was fair to Devon from a financial point of
view. Thereafter, Devon's board of directors unanimously approved and adopted
the merger agreement, approved the issuance of shares of Devon common stock
pursuant to the merger agreement and resolved to recommend that Devon's
stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Devon common stock pursuant to
the merger agreement.

     Following the Ocean board meeting and the Devon board meeting on February
23, 2003, Ocean and Devon executed the merger agreement.

     On February 24, 2003, Ocean and Devon publicly announced the execution of
the merger agreement.

     On February 27, 2003, a lawsuit was filed in the District Court of Harris
County, Texas, naming as defendants Ocean and all of the members of Ocean's
board of directors alleging that the exchange ratio in the merger is inadequate
and unfair to Ocean common stockholders and alleging the breach of the
defendants' fiduciary duties to Ocean stockholders. The complaint seeks class
action status. It also seeks injunctive relief against completing the merger or,
if the merger is completed, rescission of the merger, monetary damages in an
unspecified amount and recovery of the plaintiff's costs and attorneys' fees.

     On March 19, 2003, the parties amended the merger agreement to correct a
clerical oversight in Exhibit A (certificate of incorporation of the surviving
corporation in the merger) to the merger agreement. The change does not
materially affect the substantive terms of the merger.

RECOMMENDATION OF OCEAN'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Ocean's board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement and determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Ocean
and its stockholders. Accordingly, the board recommends that Ocean stockholders
vote to adopt the merger agreement.

     Ocean's board of directors consulted with Ocean's management, as well as
its financial and legal advisors, and considered various factors, including the
following, in unanimously approving the merger agreement and the merger (the
order does not reflect the relative significance):

     - Complementary Assets and Diversification.  Ocean believes that the
       combination of Ocean's and Devon's core operating assets will result in a
       more balanced, diversified oil and gas company. Ocean's oil and gas
       operations are concentrated in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
       internationally, and Ocean's onshore and shelf assets will be
       complementary to Devon's core natural

       gas operations in North America. Ocean believes that Devon's strong North
       American presence will provide Ocean stockholders with a more stable,
       diversified exploration and exploitation portfolio, reducing the risk
       associated with Ocean's higher impact exploration projects in the
       deepwater Gulf of Mexico and international locations. Based on production
       information for the fourth quarter of 2002 and on a pro forma basis, 90%
       of the combined company's worldwide production will be from North America
       with a production mix consisting of approximately 63% natural gas and 37%
       oil and NGLs.

     - Strong Pro Forma Financial Profile; Synergies.  Because of Devon's size
       and significant, stable North American natural gas position, Ocean
       believes that the combined company's pro forma financial profile will
       consist of an improved balance sheet and credit ratings compared to Ocean
       on a stand-alone basis, which Ocean believes will result in improved
       access to capital at a lower overall cost. Ocean believes that the
       financial profile of the combined company will be enhanced following the
       merger as a result of cost savings of at least $50 million annually.

     - Acceleration of Exploration Program and Long-Term Growth.  Ocean believes
       that the combined company's substantial scale and cash flows will permit
       a greater allocation of resources to Ocean's deepwater Gulf of Mexico and
       international exploration inventory. The ability of Ocean stockholders to
       access Devon's capital resources to accelerate Ocean's prospect inventory
       is expected to provide Ocean stockholders with greater long-term value
       than Ocean could achieve independent of Devon.

     - Reduction of Execution Risk.  Ocean believes that the overall size of the
       combined company will reduce the execution risk associated with
       development of large-scale deepwater development projects. The
       combination of Devon's size and stable operating assets with Ocean's
       high-potential growth prospects is expected to result in better
       comparative valuations over time for Ocean's stockholders than Ocean
       could achieve on a stand-alone basis.

     - Scope and Scale of the Combined Company.  Devon and Ocean together
       produced approximately 2.4 Bcf of natural gas per day and 245,000 Bbls of
       oil and NGLs per day during the fourth quarter of 2002. The combined
       company is expected to have daily production of about 650 MBoe, estimated
       proved reserves of 2.2 billion Boe (84% of which are in North America)
       and approximately 29 million net undeveloped acres. Ocean believes that
       the scope and scale of the combined company will result in greater
       marketing, purchasing and operating strength, facilitate internal growth
       and promote long-term stockholder value.

     - Per Share Accretion.  Ocean expects that the merger will provide
       immediate accretion to Ocean stockholders in cash flows per share.

     - Merger Consideration.  The market value of the merger consideration as of
       February 21, 2003 -- the last trading day prior to announcement of the
       execution of the merger agreement -- represented an approximate 4%
       premium over the closing price of Ocean's common stock on that date. The
       merger agreement requires Devon to issue approximately 73.4 million
       shares of its common stock to Ocean common stockholders (measured as of
       the date of the merger agreement), which would result in Ocean common
       stockholders owning approximately 32% of the combined company's
       outstanding voting shares based on the number of shares of Ocean common
       stock and Devon common stock outstanding on the date on which the merger
       agreement was signed. Ocean stockholders will have the opportunity to
       participate in any post-merger appreciation in the market value of Devon
       common stock. This 32% equity percentage matches or exceeds Ocean's
       contributions to the combined company on several important 2002 measures:
       earnings, cash flow, production, proved reserves and enterprise values.

     - Increased Liquidity.  The combined company's common stock will be traded
       on the American Stock Exchange in substantially greater dollar volumes
       than that of Ocean on the New York Stock Exchange, providing greater
       liquidity for Ocean stockholders and for new institutional investors.

     - Tax Consequences of the Merger.  The merger is structured to be tax-free
       for U.S. federal income tax purposes to Ocean common stockholders to the
       extent that they receive Devon common stock in exchange for their shares
       of Ocean common stock.

     - Opinion of Financial Advisors.  Ocean's board of directors also
       considered the presentation and opinion of Deutsche Bank described
       elsewhere in this document to the effect that, based on the assumptions
       and other matters stated in its opinion, the 0.414 exchange ratio was
       fair from a financial point of view to Ocean common stockholders as of
       the date of the merger agreement.

     Ocean recognized that there are risks associated with the merger and an
investment in the combined company, including the following risks:

     Integration Risks.  The combined company will face risks typical to major
business combinations, including challenges associated with integrating
personnel, operations, financial reporting and information technologies.
Unintended and unforeseen consequences could develop in the process of that
integration, and the combined company may lose key employees, customers or
suppliers as a result.

     Limited Premium and Fixed Exchange Ratio.  Ocean considered the limited
premium -- approximately 4% over the closing price of Ocean's common stock as of
February 21, 2003 -- in making its recommendation in favor of approval and
adoption of the merger agreement. Moreover, because the merger agreement
contains a fixed exchange ratio, the market value of the consideration to be
received by Ocean stockholders at the effective time of the merger will depend
on the trading price of Devon common stock at the effective time of the merger.

     Increased Indebtedness.  Following the merger, the combined company is
expected to have in excess of $9 billion in total debt and a higher total debt
to capitalization ratio than Ocean had on a stand-alone basis. This increased
indebtedness could limit the combined company's flexibility as a result of debt
service requirements and restrictive covenants and may limit the combined
company's business strategy or its ability to access additional capital.

     Concentration of Exposure.  Devon's estimated proved reserves were 60%
natural gas at December 31, 2002, with the majority of its reserves located in
North America. Devon's operating results are more dependent on gas prices and
the North American market than Ocean's operating results, and adverse
developments with respect to either could negatively impact the combined
company's operating results.

     Execution.  The merger might not be completed as a result of a failure to
satisfy the conditions contained in the merger agreement or other reasons.
Neither Ocean nor Devon is obligated to complete the merger unless the
conditions in the merger agreement are satisfied or, in some cases, waived.

     The preceding discussion of the information and factors considered and
given weight by Ocean's board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
However, Ocean believes that the discussion includes all of the material factors
that its board considered. In reaching its decision to approve and to recommend
approval to Ocean stockholders of the merger agreement, Ocean's board of
directors did not assign any relative or specific weights to the factors it
considered. Individual directors may have given different weights to different
factors.

RECOMMENDATION OF DEVON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Devon's board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement and determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of Devon
and its stockholders. Accordingly, the board recommends that Devon stockholders
vote to approve the issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement.

     The merger is part of Devon's overall business strategy for growth through
exploration and development of existing properties and through strategic mergers
and acquisitions. In reaching its decision to approve and adopt the merger
agreement, Devon's board of directors consulted with Devon's management, as well
as its financial and legal advisors. Devon's board of directors believes that
Devon and

its stockholders will benefit from the merger for the following reasons (the
order does not reflect the relative significance):

     - Combination of Ocean's Prospects with Devon's Capital Resources.  Ocean
       has significant development projects and exploration prospects. By
       combining Devon's excess operating cash flow (estimated to be between
       $500 million and $700 million in fiscal 2003) with Ocean's project
       inventory, Devon expects to enhance Ocean's ability to develop and
       exploit its prospects while creating a more diverse company.

     - Complementary, Focused Asset Base.  Approximately 90% of Ocean's
       operations are within Devon's current core areas of the shelf and
       deepwater areas of the Gulf of Mexico, West Africa, the Rocky Mountains,
       the Permian Basin, East Texas and the Gulf Coast. This is expected to
       facilitate the integration of Devon's and Ocean's businesses and the
       realization of anticipated synergies and economies of scale.

     - Deleveraging Impact.  The merger improves a number of Devon's financial
       measures commonly used to assess a company's credit rating, including
       Devon's ratios of (1) total debt to capitalization, (2) debt to cash
       flow, (3) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
       to interest, and (4) debt per proved Boe reserves.

     - At-the-Market Exchange Ratio.  The 0.414 exchange ratio was intended to
       reflect the relative market prices of Devon's and Ocean's common stock
       for about 30 days prior to the date of the merger agreement. This
       reflects the fact that the merger is a strategic merger in which Ocean
       common stockholders (measured as of the date of the merger agreement)
       will receive Devon common stock in the merger representing about 32% of
       the combined company's outstanding voting shares based on the number of
       shares of Ocean common stock and Devon common stock outstanding on the
       date on which the merger agreement was signed. Devon's board of directors
       believes the "at-the-market" exchange ratio is fair to Devon and its
       stockholders.

     - Increased Presence in the Gulf of Mexico and West Africa.  The merger
       significantly enhances Devon's position in the Gulf of Mexico and West
       Africa. Ocean's Gulf of Mexico division is more than twice as large as
       Devon's existing Gulf of Mexico operations, as measured by proved
       reserves as of December 31, 2002. Ocean has a significant West African
       presence to complement Devon's existing West African position. Ocean also
       has substantial production from the Zafiro field in offshore Equatorial
       Guinea.

     - Identifiable Near-Term Production Growth.  In 2002, Ocean began
       production from its major deepwater discoveries in the Nansen and
       Boomvang fields in the Gulf of Mexico. Ocean has other material deepwater
       Gulf of Mexico discoveries/development projects that are scheduled to
       commence production in 2003 and 2004. Most of these are in water depths
       that are less than 5,000 feet, which means that they can be operated
       using existing technology and tied into existing infrastructure.
       Production from Ocean's non-operating interest in the Zafiro field in
       Equatorial Guinea is currently increasing. Devon's board of directors
       believes that these deepwater projects provide Ocean with near-term
       production growth. Devon estimates that the combined company's production
       growth profile will be between 4% and 6% per annum over the next two to
       three years.

     - Enhanced Portfolio of Impact Projects/Large Inventory of Identified
       Prospects.  Ocean holds a deepwater exploratory position in the Gulf of
       Mexico and the South Atlantic Margin. In the Gulf of Mexico, Ocean holds
       approximately 1.1 million net acres covering about 360 blocks, with over
       50 identified prospects and leads. In the South Atlantic Margin, Ocean
       has exposure in blocks in offshore Equatorial Guinea, Brazil and Nigeria
       that Devon believes hold exploration potential. Devon believes that the
       combination of Devon and Ocean provides a compelling blend of stable,
       growing production, lower risk development drilling/exploitation
       opportunities and significant potential growth exploration exposure.

     - Deepwater Expertise.  Devon expects to benefit from sharing deepwater
       technology and expertise with Ocean.

     - Synergies.  Devon expects that the merger will create annual cost savings
       of at least $50 million.

     - Larger Size.  The combined company will be significantly larger than
       Devon is now and, as a result of the larger size:

      - Devon is expected to have greater liquidity in the market for its
        shares;

      - Devon should be able to consider future transactions that would not
        otherwise be possible; and

      - Devon should have greater marketing, purchasing and operating strengths.

     - Opinion of Financial Advisor.  Devon's board of directors also considered
       the presentation and opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
       described elsewhere in this document to the effect that, based on the
       assumptions and other matters stated in its opinion, the 0.414 exchange
       ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of
       view to Devon as of the date of the opinion.

     Devon recognized that there are risks associated with the merger and the
merger agreement, including the following risks:

     - Integration Risks.  The operations, technologies and personnel of the two
       companies may not be successfully integrated. The merger will include
       risks commonly associated with similar transactions, including
       unanticipated liabilities, unanticipated costs and diversion of
       management's attention. The combined company may also experience
       operational interruptions or the loss of key employees, customers or
       suppliers.

     - Dilution.  The merger is expected to be slightly dilutive in the near
       term to Devon's earnings per share, cash flow per share, production per
       share and reserves per share on a pro forma basis, depending on various
       assumptions, including future commodity price levels.

     - Capital Needs of Combined Company.  The capital outlays necessary to
       satisfy Ocean's existing commitments and to achieve the estimated growth
       in Ocean's business will be significant. In addition, the combined
       company will have significant debt maturities over the next several
       years. There can be no assurance that the combined company will be able
       to fund all of its capital needs from operating cash flows. The combined
       company may need to access the capital markets or sell assets to meet its
       capital needs in the future, and there can be no assurance that it will
       be able to do so on favorable terms or at all.

     - Larger Component of Proved Undeveloped Reserves.  The merger would
       increase Devon's PUDs from about 27% to 31% of its total reserves. PUDs
       involve greater uncertainty and require significant capital to develop.

     - International Projects.  The merger will increase Devon's exposure to
       investments outside of North America that may involve a higher degree of
       exposure to risks associated with political and economic instabilities.
       In addition, Ocean has made commitments in connection with being granted
       concessions by foreign countries that will be costly to fund and may
       limit the combined company's flexibility as to whether to continue
       operations in those countries.

     - Concentration of Exposure.  Ocean is dependent on several high volume
       assets, including the Zafiro field in Equatorial Guinea and the Nansen
       and Boomvang fields in the Gulf of Mexico, which are currently producing,
       and the Redhawk and Magnolia deepwater projects in the Gulf of Mexico,
       which are expected to come "on stream" in the near future. Should these
       assets not perform as well as expected, the combined company may not be
       able to achieve the desired growth, and the combined company could be
       required to write-down reserves.

     - Closing Conditions May Not Be Satisfied.  The merger might not be
       completed as a result of a failure to satisfy the conditions contained in
       the merger agreement or other reasons. Neither Devon nor Ocean is
       obligated to complete the merger unless the conditions in the merger
       agreement are satisfied or, in some cases, waived.

     The preceding discussion of the information and factors considered and
given weight by Devon's board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
However, Devon believes that the discussion includes all of the material factors
that its board considered. In reaching its decision to approve the merger
agreement and to recommend approval to Devon stockholders of the issuance of
Devon common stock in the merger, Devon's board of directors did not assign any
relative or specific weights to the factors it considered. Individual directors
may have given different weights to different factors.

OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS

  OPINION OF DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. -- FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO OCEAN

     At the February 23, 2003 meeting of Ocean's board of directors, Deutsche
Bank rendered its oral opinion to Ocean's board of directors, subsequently
confirmed in writing, that as of February 23, 2003, and subject to and based on
the considerations in its opinion, the 0.414 exchange ratio was fair from a
financial point of view to Ocean common stockholders.

     The full text of Deutsche Bank's opinion, dated February 23, 2003, which
sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made and matters considered by
Deutsche Bank, is attached as Annex B to this document and is incorporated into
this document by reference. We urge you to read this opinion carefully and in
its entirety. Deutsche Bank's opinion is directed to Ocean's board of directors,
addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view of the 0.414 exchange
ratio to Ocean common stockholders, and does not address any other aspect of the
merger or constitute a recommendation to any Ocean stockholder as to how to vote
at the Ocean meeting. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the Deutsche Bank opinion.

     In connection with rendering its opinion, Deutsche Bank, among other
things:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       business and financial information of Ocean and Devon, respectively;

     - reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
       operating data concerning Ocean and Devon prepared by the respective
       managements of Ocean and Devon;

     - reviewed certain financial forecasts prepared by the respective
       managements of Ocean and Devon;

     - discussed with senior executives of Ocean and Devon certain strategic,
       financial and operational benefits they expect to derive from the merger;

     - discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the
       prospects of Ocean and Devon with senior executives of Ocean and Devon;

     - reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on, among other things,
       Ocean's and Devon's earnings per share, cash flow, consolidated
       capitalization and financial ratios;

     - reviewed information prepared by the members of the respective senior
       managements of Ocean and Devon relating to the relative contributions of
       Ocean and Devon to the combined company;

     - reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Ocean common stock
       and Devon common stock;

     - compared the prices and trading activity of Ocean common stock and Devon
       common stock with similar information for the securities of certain other
       publicly traded companies;

     - reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
       certain business combination transactions that it deemed comparable in
       whole or in part;

     - participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
       representatives of Ocean and Devon and their financial and legal
       advisors;

     - reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents; and

     - performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as it
       deemed appropriate.

     Deutsche Bank relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy
and completeness of the information supplied or otherwise made available to it
and assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of rendering its
opinion. With respect to the financial forecasts that Deutsche Bank received
from the respective managements of Ocean and Devon, as well as information
relating to certain cost savings, operating efficiencies, revenue effects and
financial synergies expected by Ocean and Devon to be achieved as a result of
the merger, Deutsche Bank assumed that the information provided was reasonably
prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the management of Ocean or Devon, as the case may be. Deutsche Bank
did not make any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities
of Ocean or Devon, nor was Deutsche Bank furnished with any such appraisals.

     Deutsche Bank assumed that the representations and warranties contained in
the merger agreement are true and correct, that the parties to the merger
agreement will perform all of their covenants and agreements under the merger
agreement, and that all conditions to the parties' obligations to complete the
merger will be satisfied without any waiver. Deutsche Bank also assumed that all
material approvals and consents required in connection with the merger will be
obtained and that, in connection with obtaining any such approvals and consents,
or any amendments, modifications or waivers to any agreements, instruments or
orders to which Ocean or Devon is a party or is subject or by which it is bound,
no limitations, restrictions or conditions will be imposed or amendments,
modifications or waivers made that would have a material adverse effect on Ocean
or Devon or materially reduce the contemplated benefits of the merger. In
addition, Ocean informed Deutsche Bank, and for purposes of rendering its
opinion Deutsche Bank assumed, that the merger will be tax-free to each of Ocean
and Devon and their respective common stockholders. In arriving at its opinion,
Deutsche Bank analyzed the merger as a strategic business combination not
involving a sale of control of Ocean. Deutsche Bank was not authorized by Ocean
or its board of directors to solicit, and did not solicit, third-party
indications of interest with respect to the acquisition of all or any part of
Ocean or any other extraordinary transaction involving Ocean.

     The opinion of Deutsche Bank is necessarily based on financial, economic,
market and other conditions as in effect on, the information made available to
Deutsche Bank as of, and the financial condition of Ocean and Devon on, February
23, 2003.

  DEUTSCHE BANK'S FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Deutsche Bank in connection with rendering its opinion. These summaries of
financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. In order to
understand fully the financial analyses used by Deutsche Bank, the tables must
be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

     Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.  Deutsche Bank compared the daily
closing share price of Ocean common stock to the daily closing price of Devon
common stock during the period beginning February 21, 2001 and ending February
19, 2003, and reviewed and analyzed the historical exchange ratios implied by
these comparisons.

     Deutsche Bank also reviewed and analyzed the average of these historical
daily exchange ratios over various periods beginning February 21, 2001 and
ending February 19, 2003. The following table presents the implied exchange
ratios during the periods covered and as of February 19, 2003.

                          DEVON SHARES PER OCEAN SHARE

PERIOD                                                        AVERAGE EXCHANGE RATIO(1)
- ------                                                        -------------------------

At February 19, 2003........................................            0.398x
Last five-day average.......................................            0.404
Last month average..........................................            0.413
Last 3 months average.......................................            0.418
Last 6 months average.......................................            0.415
Last 12 months average......................................            0.424
Last 2 years average........................................            0.413

- ---------------

(1) Averages of exchange ratios based on daily closing prices.

     As the 0.414 exchange ratio was implied from the last month average of
Ocean and Devon common stock as of February 21, 2003, and Deutsche Bank, for
purposes of its opinion, reviewed Ocean's and Devon's stock prices until
February 19, 2003, Deutsche Bank also analyzed the implied exchange ratio on
February 21, 2003 by examining independently both Ocean's and Devon's stock
price movements for February 20 and 21, 2003. Based on the actual closing prices
per share of Ocean common stock and Devon common stock on February 20 and
February 21, 2003, the 0.414 exchange ratio is substantially the same as the
last month average implied by the February 19 closing prices.

     Last Twelve Months Trading Analysis.  Deutsche Bank reviewed the daily
closing share prices of Ocean common stock and Devon common stock over the
twelve months ended February 19, 2003. The table below shows the twelve-month
high and low closing prices during that period, compared with a closing price on
February 19, 2003 of $18.60 per share for Ocean common stock and $46.70 per
share for Devon common stock:

                                                              FEBRUARY 19, 2002
                                                                   THROUGH
                                                              FEBRUARY 19, 2003
                                                              -----------------
                                                               HIGH       LOW
                                                              -------   -------

Ocean.......................................................  $22.62    $16.68
Devon.......................................................   52.76     35.54

     The range of exchange ratios implied by this range of values for Ocean
common stock and Devon common stock is between 0.316x and 0.636x. The foregoing
analysis was unaffected by the price movements in Ocean common stock and Devon
common stock on February 20 and February 21, 2003.

     Research Analysts' Future Price Targets Analysis.  Deutsche Bank reviewed
the 12-month price targets for Ocean common stock and Devon common stock as
projected in recent reports by analysts from six financial institutions, in the
case of Ocean, and seven financial institutions, in the case of Devon. Such
reports represent substantially all the research analysts' reports on Ocean and
Devon that were reasonably available and current at the time the analyses were
performed. One of the selected research analysts was an employee of Deutsche
Bank. These targets reflected each analyst's estimate of the future public
market trading price of Ocean common stock and Devon common stock at the end of
the particular period considered for each estimate. Deutsche Bank then arrived
at the present value for these targets using an estimated equity discount rate
of 10.0%.

     This analysis showed the following range of values for Ocean common stock
and Devon common stock:

                                                           12 MONTH ANALYSTS' PRICE TARGET
                                                           --------------------------------
                                                              NOMINAL        PRESENT VALUE
                                                           --------------   ---------------

Ocean....................................................   $22.00-26.00      $20.00-23.64
Devon....................................................    49.00-64.00       44.55-58.18

     The range of exchange ratios implied by this range of values for Ocean
common stock and Devon common stock is 0.344x to 0.531x.

     Comparable Companies Analysis.  Deutsche Bank compared total enterprise
value (calculated as equity value adjusted for capital structure) to estimated
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which is
referred to as EBITDAX, for Ocean and Devon for the fiscal years 2003 and 2004
and based on First Call estimates. (First Call Corporation compiles summaries of
financial forecasts published by various investment banking firms. We refer to
the information published by First Call Corporation as "First Call estimates.")
Deutsche Bank then compared the EBITDAX multiples obtained for Ocean and Devon
with multiples obtained for groups of selected oil and gas companies.

     The selected oil and gas companies forming the group to which Ocean was
compared were Anadarko Petroleum, Apache Corporation, Burlington Resources,
Encana Corporation, EOG Resources, Kerr-McGee Corporation, Murphy Oil, Noble
Energy, Pioneer Natural Resources and Unocal Corporation. We refer to those
companies as the "Ocean Selected Companies." The selected oil and gas companies
forming the group to which Devon was compared were: Anadarko Petroleum, Apache
Corporation, Burlington Resources, Encana Corporation, EOG Resources, Inc.,
Noble Energy, Unocal Corporation and XTO Energy. We refer to those companies as
the "Devon Selected Companies." Deutsche Bank selected these companies because
they are publicly traded companies with oil and gas operations that for purposes
of this analysis may be considered similar to those of Ocean and Devon.

     The analysis showed the following multiples:

                                                                 TOTAL
                                                              ENTERPRISE
                                                                VALUE/
                                                               ESTIMATED
                                                                EBITDAX
                                                              -----------
                                                              2003   2004
                                                              ----   ----

Ocean.......................................................  4.6x   5.1x
Devon.......................................................  5.2    5.6
Ocean Selected Companies Median.............................  5.4    5.3
Devon Selected Companies Median.............................  5.5    5.6

     Deutsche Bank then applied comparable company multiples (ranging between
4.6x and 5.8x for 2003 Total Enterprise Value/EBITDAX and between 4.8x and 5.9x
for 2004 Total Enterprise Value/ EBITDAX) to the corresponding Ocean statistics
based on publicly available estimates. Deutsche Bank then applied comparable
company multiples (ranging between 5.2x and 5.7x for 2003 Total Enterprise
Value/EBITDAX and between 5.6x and 6.2x for 2004 Total Enterprise Value/EBITDAX)
to the corresponding Devon statistics based on publicly available estimates. The
following table presents the range of exchange ratios implied by the resulting
mean valuation range based on implied Ocean and Devon share prices derived from
the 2003 and 2004 Total Enterprise Value as computed by Deutsche Bank.

                                                              EXCHANGE RATIO RANGE
                                                              --------------------

Total Enterprise Value/EBITDAX..............................     0.315x-0.510x

     Deutsche Bank calculated Price to Cash Flow per Share and Price to Earnings
per Share multiples for Ocean and Devon for the fiscal years ended 2003 and 2004
based on First Call estimates. Deutsche Bank then compared these multiples with
multiples obtained for the Ocean Selected Companies and the Devon Selected
Companies.

     The analysis showed the following multiples:

                                                                PRICE/
                                                               ESTIMATED
                                                                 CFPS
                                                              -----------
                                                              2003   2004
                                                              ----   ----

Ocean.......................................................  3.8x   4.1x
Devon.......................................................  3.4    3.8
Ocean Selected Companies Median.............................  4.7    4.8
Devon Selected Companies Median.............................  4.8    4.9

                                                                PRICE/
                                                               ESTIMATED
                                                                  EPS
                                                              -----------
                                                              2003   2004
                                                              ----   ----

Ocean.......................................................  11.3x  15.6x
Devon.......................................................  10.1   12.2
Ocean Selected Companies Median.............................  14.4   16.1
Devon Selected Companies Median.............................  14.4   17.2

     Deutsche Bank then applied comparable company multiples (ranging between
3.8x and 4.6x for 2003 Price/Cash Flow per share; between 4.0x and 4.8x for 2004
Price/Cash Flow per share; between 11.0x and 12.0x for 2003 Price/Earnings per
share; and between 14.0x and 15.6x for 2004 Price/Earnings per share) to the
corresponding Ocean statistics based on publicly available estimates. Deutsche
Bank then applied comparable company multiples (ranging between 3.4x and 5.0x
for 2003 Price/Cash Flow per share; between 3.8x and 5.2x for 2004 Price/Cash
Flow per share; between 10.1x and 11.7x for 2003 Price/ Earnings per share; and
between 12.2x and 13.4x for 2004 Price/Earnings per share) to the corresponding
Devon statistics based on publicly available estimates. The following table
presents the range of exchange ratios implied by the resulting mean valuation
range based on implied Ocean and Devon share prices derived from the 2003 and
2004 Price/Earnings per Share and Price/Cash Flow per Share analysis as computed
by Deutsche Bank.

                                                              EXCHANGE RATIO RANGE
                                                              --------------------

Price/Cash Flow per Share...................................      0.276x-0.472x
Price/Earnings per Share....................................      0.331 -0.412

     Deutsche Bank also calculated Total Enterprise Value to barrel-of-energy
equivalent proved reserves values for Ocean and Devon based on the most recently
public disclosed amount of proved reserves available. Deutsche Bank then
compared the Total Enterprise Value to proved reserves values obtained for Ocean
and Devon with results obtained for the Ocean Selected Companies and the Devon
Selected Companies.

     The analysis showed the following results:

                                                              TOTAL ENTERPRISE
                                                                VALUE/PROVED
                                                               RESERVES (BOE)
                                                              ----------------

Ocean.......................................................       $7.97
Devon.......................................................        9.08
Ocean Selected Companies Median.............................        6.93
Devon Selected Companies Median.............................        7.39

     Deutsche Bank then applied comparable company values (ranging between $8.00
and $9.00 for Total Enterprise Value/proved reserves) to the corresponding Ocean
statistics based on publicly disclosed estimates. Deutsche Bank then applied
comparable company values (ranging between $7.50 and $9.00 for Total Enterprise
Value/proved reserves) to the corresponding Devon statistics based on publicly
available

estimates. The following table presents the range of exchange ratios implied by
the resulting valuation range based on implied Ocean and Devon share prices
derived from the Total Enterprise Value as computed by Deutsche Bank.

                                                              EXCHANGE RATIO RANGE
                                                              --------------------

Total Enterprise Value/Proved Reserves (Boe)................     0.408x-0.720x

     Pro Forma Contribution Analysis.  Deutsche Bank compared the pro forma
contributions of each of Ocean and Devon, based on First Call estimates, to the
combined company. Deutsche Bank reviewed pro forma estimates of earnings, cash
flow and EBITDAX for the years 2003 and 2004.

     Deutsche Bank also reviewed the contributions of the pre-transaction
enterprise value, the pre-transaction equity value, and proved reserves based on
2002 reported figures. As more fully described in the table below, Ocean and
Devon will contribute to the combined company in a manner consistent with the
participation that Ocean stockholders and Devon stockholders will have in the
ownership of Devon, as such participation is implied by the agreed 0.414
exchange ratio:

                                                                                                              RELATIVE
                                                                                     PRE-          PRE-       OWNERSHIP
                         2002        EBITDAX        CASH FLOW      NET INCOME     TRANSACTION   TRANSACTION   BASED ON
                        PROVED    -------------   -------------   -------------   ENTERPRISE      EQUITY      EXCHANGE
                       RESERVES   2003E   2004E   2003E   2004E   2003E   2004E      VALUE         VALUE        RATIO
                       --------   -----   -----   -----   -----   -----   -----   -----------   -----------   ---------

Ocean................     27%      27      26      29      29      29      26         24            31           32
Devon................     73       73      74      71      71      71      74         76            69           68

     Pro Forma Earnings, Cash Flow and Credit Impact Analysis.  Deutsche Bank
analyzed the pro forma effects of the merger and computed the resulting
accretion/dilution to the combined company's projected per-share earnings and
cash flow during 2003 and 2004, based on the agreed-upon exchange ratio.
Deutsche Bank also computed the resulting credit statistics for the combined
company based on the agreed-upon exchange ratio, including total debt to book
capitalization, estimated 2003 cash flow to total debt, estimated 2003 earnings
before interest and taxes (EBIT) to interest expense and total debt to
barrel-of-energy equivalent proved reserves. These computations used earnings
and cash flow projections for Ocean and Devon based on First Call estimates,
preliminary synergy estimates provided by Ocean's and Devon's management prior
to finalization of their synergy review, and certain purchase accounting
adjustments.

     The analysis indicated that, based on First Call estimates, the merger
would be accretive to estimated earnings per share in 2003 and 2004 of Ocean and
dilutive to estimated earnings per share in 2003 and 2004 of Devon, in each case
as compared to the same estimates for Ocean and Devon on a stand-alone basis.
Based on First Call estimates, the merger would also be accretive to cash flow
per share for Ocean and Devon in 2003 and 2004, in each case as compared to the
same estimates for Ocean and Devon on a stand-alone basis. In addition, the
analysis indicated that, based on First Call estimates, the merger should have a
positive impact on the credit statistics of the combined company as compared to
Devon on a stand-alone basis. Deutsche Bank also noted that Devon's senior
unsecured credit ratings, as published by Moody's Investors Service and Standard
and Poor's, on a stand-alone basis of Baa2/BBB were superior to Ocean's senior
unsecured credit ratings of Baa3/BBB-.

     Precedent Transactions Analysis.  Deutsche Bank examined fourteen selected
precedent business combination transactions which, for the purposes of its
analysis, it deemed to be comparable to the merger in whole or in part. Deutsche
Bank calculated the premium to unaffected share price and the enterprise value
per barrel-of-energy equivalent proved reserves that the targets in these
selected precedent transactions received and then calculated the median value
premium and value of proved reserves of the fourteen transactions. The
calculated median value premium to unaffected share price for the fourteen
transactions was 7.2% and the calculated median value of total enterprise value
to proved reserves was $7.34 per barrel-of-energy equivalent proved reserves.
The values implied to Ocean based on the 0.414 exchange ratio were a 3.9%
premium to unaffected share price and $8.21 per barrel-of-energy equivalent
proved reserves.

     The precedent transactions examined were:

     - Burlington Resources/Louisiana Land & Exploration;

     - Ocean Energy/United Meridian Resources;

     - Kerr-McGee/Oryx Energy;

     - Ocean Energy/Seagull Energy;

     - Santa Fe Energy/Snyder Oil;

     - Devon Energy/PennzEnergy;

     - Burlington Resources/Poco Petroleums;

     - Anadarko Petroleum/Union Pacific Resources;

     - Devon Energy/Santa Fe Snyder;

     - Forest Oil/Forcenergy;

     - Stone Energy/Basin Exploration;

     - Westport Resources/Belco Oil and Gas;

     - Phillips Petroleum/Conoco Inc.; and

     - PanCanadian Energy/Alberta Energy.

     In connection with the review of the merger by Ocean's board of directors,
Deutsche Bank performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses for
purposes of rendering its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a
complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or
summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Deutsche Bank considered the
results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular
weight to any analysis or factor considered by it. Furthermore, Deutsche Bank
believes that the summary provided and the analyses described above must be
considered as a whole and that selecting any portion of its analyses, without
considering all of them, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its analyses and opinion. In addition, Deutsche Bank may have given
various analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors
and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other
assumptions, so that the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis described above should not be taken to be Deutsche Bank's view of the
actual value of Ocean or Devon.

     In performing its analyses, Deutsche Bank made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic condition and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Ocean or Devon. Any
estimates contained in Deutsche Bank's analyses are not necessarily indicative
of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by such estimates. The analyses performed were
prepared solely as part of Deutsche Bank's analysis of the fairness from a
financial point of view to Ocean common stockholders of the 0.414 exchange ratio
and were prepared in connection with the delivery by Deutsche Bank of its
opinion, dated February 23, 2003, to Ocean's board of directors. The analyses do
not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which Ocean common
stock or Devon common stock might actually trade. The 0.414 exchange ratio and
other terms of the merger agreement were determined through arm's length
negotiations between Ocean and Devon and were unanimously approved by Ocean's
and Devon's boards of directors. Deutsche Bank did not recommend any specific
exchange ratio or form of consideration to Ocean or that any specific exchange
ratio or form of consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration
for the merger.

     Pursuant to the engagement letter between Ocean and Deutsche Bank, Ocean
agreed to pay Deutsche Bank a $5 million fee for services rendered by Deutsche
Bank in connection with the merger, including Deutsche Bank's delivery of an
opinion as to the fairness from a financial point of view of the 0.414

exchange ratio to Ocean common stockholders as of the date on which the merger
agreement was signed. Ocean has also agreed to reimburse Deutsche Bank for its
expenses incurred in performing its services. In addition, Ocean has agreed to
indemnify Deutsche Bank and its affiliates, their respective directors,
officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling Deutsche
Bank or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, related to or
arising out of Deutsche Bank's engagement and any related transactions.

     Deutsche Bank's opinion was one of the many factors taken into
consideration by Ocean's board of directors in making its unanimous
determination to approve the merger agreement. Deutsche Bank's analyses
summarized above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of Ocean's
board of directors with respect to the value of Ocean or Devon or of whether
Ocean's board of directors would have been willing to agree to a different
exchange ratio or form of consideration.

  OPINION OF MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED -- FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO DEVON

     At the February 23, 2003 meeting of Devon's board of directors, Morgan
Stanley rendered its oral opinion to Devon's board of directors, subsequently
confirmed in writing, that as of February 23, 2003, and subject to and based on
the considerations in its opinion, the 0.414 exchange ratio pursuant to the
merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Devon.

     The full text of Morgan Stanley's opinion, dated February 23, 2003, which
sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by
Morgan Stanley in rendering its opinion, is attached as Annex C to this document
and is incorporated into this document by reference. We urge you to read this
opinion carefully and in its entirety. Morgan Stanley's opinion is directed to
Devon's board of directors, addresses only the fairness from a financial point
of view of the 0.414 exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement to Devon,
and does not address any other aspect of the merger or constitute a
recommendation to any Devon stockholder as to how to vote at the Devon meeting.
This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the
Morgan Stanley opinion.

     In connection with rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other
things:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       information of Ocean and Devon, respectively;

     - reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
       operating data, including internal oil and gas reserve estimates,
       concerning Ocean and Devon prepared by the managements of Ocean and
       Devon, respectively;

     - reviewed certain financial forecasts prepared by the managements of Ocean
       and Devon, respectively;

     - discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the
       prospects of Ocean, including information relating to certain strategic,
       financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, with
       senior executives of Ocean;

     - discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the
       prospects of Devon, including information relating to certain strategic,
       financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, with
       senior executives of Devon;

     - reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Devon's earnings per
       share, cash flow, oil and gas reserves and production, consolidated
       capitalization and financial ratios;

     - reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for Ocean common stock
       and Devon common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of Ocean and Devon and the prices and
       trading activity of Ocean common stock and Devon common stock with that
       of certain other publicly-traded companies comparable with Ocean and
       Devon, respectively, and their securities;

     - reviewed certain reserve reports prepared by Devon and Devon's
       independent reserve engineers;

     - reviewed certain reserve reports prepared by Ocean and Ocean's
       independent reserve engineers;

     - reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
       certain comparable business combination transactions deemed relevant;

     - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
       Ocean and Devon and their financial and legal advisors;

     - reviewed a draft of the merger agreement and certain related documents;
       and

     - performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as Morgan
       Stanley deemed appropriate.

     In rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the information
reviewed by it for the purposes of its opinion. With respect to the financial
forecasts, including information relating to certain strategic, financial and
operational benefits anticipated from the merger, Morgan Stanley assumed that
they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the future financial performance of Ocean and Devon,
respectively.

     Morgan Stanley did not make any independent valuation or appraisals of the
assets or liabilities of Ocean or Devon, nor was it furnished with any such
appraisals. With respect to reserve estimates and reports referred to in bullets
2, 6, 9 and 10 above, Morgan Stanley is not an expert in the engineering
evaluation of oil and gas properties and, with Devon's consent, relied, without
independent verification, upon the internal reserve estimates prepared by Ocean
and Devon, respectively. In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the merger
would be completed in accordance with the terms set forth in the merger
agreement, including, among other things, that the merger will be treated as a
tax-free reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. Morgan Stanley's opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic,
market and other conditions in effect on, and the information made available to
it, as of February 23, 2003.

     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the preparation of its
written opinion dated February 23, 2003. These summaries of financial analyses
include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand
the financial analyses used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together
with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. Morgan Stanley noted that Ocean's common
stock closed at a price of $18.60 per share on February 19, 2003. Based on the
0.414 exchange ratio and Devon's common stock closing price of $46.70 per share
on February 19, 2003, the implied acquisition price per Ocean common share of
$19.33 represented a premium of approximately 4%.

     Net Asset Valuation.  Morgan Stanley estimated Devon's and Ocean's net
asset value using two methodologies, one based on a discounted cash flow
analysis and the other based on a sum-of-parts analysis. For the discounted cash
flow analysis, Morgan Stanley used a combination of publicly available equity
research estimates and estimates of Devon's management, and both a 6.5% and 10%
discount rate, to calculate the present value of the future pre-tax cash flows
that Devon could be expected to generate from its proved reserves as well as
those of Ocean as of December 31, 2002. In addition, Devon's management provided
projections of the unlevered free cash flows that the combined company could be
expected to generate from its proved reserves during the fiscal years 2003
through 2017 and the value of the remaining proved reserves projected at 2017
based upon engineering projections prepared by the management of Devon. The
unlevered free cash flows and remaining value of proved reserves were then
discounted to obtain a present value using a discount rate of both 6.5% and 10%.
Morgan Stanley adjusted the estimated values for Devon's and Ocean's proved
reserves to include the value of certain other assets and liabilities of Devon
and Ocean, respectively. This discounted cash flow analysis resulted in an
implied exchange ratio of 0.408-0.462.

     Morgan Stanley also estimated Devon's and Ocean's net asset value based on
a sum-of-parts analysis. For this analysis, Morgan Stanley calculated a range of
values for proved reserves segmented by region using $/BOE estimates for each
region. Morgan Stanley defined "Firm Value" as the sum of equity market
capitalization, total debt, minority interest and preferred stock, minus cash
and cash equivalents. Morgan Stanley defined "BOE" as one barrel equivalent of
oil assuming a conversion ratio of 6 Mcf of natural gas to one barrel of oil.

     The selected $/BOE for each region are as follows:

                                                              SELECTED VALUATION RANGE
                                                              ------------------------

US Onshore..................................................        $6.00-$7.50
US Gulf of Mexico/Gulf Coast................................        $7.00-$9.00
Canada......................................................        $5.50-$7.00
West Africa.................................................        $3.50-$4.50
Azerbaijan..................................................        $4.50-$5.50
Other International.........................................        $3.50-$4.50

     Morgan Stanley applied the selected valuation range in the table above to
estimate the value of Devon's and Ocean's proved reserves as of December 31,
2002. Morgan Stanley adjusted the estimated values for Devon's and Ocean's
proved reserves to include the value of certain other assets and liabilities of
Devon and Ocean, respectively. The analysis resulted in an implied exchange
ratio of 0.419-0.487.

     Comparable Company Analysis.  Morgan Stanley reviewed selected financial
information, ratios and public market multiples for the following publicly
traded companies:

     - Burlington Resources, Inc.;

     - Anadarko Petroleum Corporation;

     - Apache Corporation;

     - Encana Corporation;

     - Kerr-McGee Corporation;

     - Unocal Corporation;

     - Murphy Oil Corporation;

     - EOG Resources, Inc.; and

     - Occidental Petroleum Corporation.

     The multiples and ratios for each of the selected companies were based on
the most recent publicly available information and on closing prices as of
February 19, 2003. Morgan Stanley defined "EBITDAX" as earnings before interest,
taxes, depletion, depreciation, amortization, and exploration expense. Morgan
Stanley defined "cash flow" as net income plus deferred taxes, depletion,
depreciation, amortization and exploration expense.

     The results of these analyses are as follows:

                                                              SELECTED VALUATION RANGE
                                                              ------------------------

Price/2003 Estimated Cash Flow per Share....................         3.5x-5.0x
Firm Value/2003 Estimated EBITDAX...........................         4.5x-5.5x
Firm Value/Proved BOE.......................................        $7.00-$9.50

     Morgan Stanley applied the selected valuation range in the table above to
data based on First Call estimates and proved reserve estimates provided by
Devon's management. The analysis resulted in an implied exchange ratio of
0.326-0.529.

     No company included in the comparable company analysis is identical to
Devon or Ocean. In evaluating the comparable companies, Morgan Stanley made
judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are
beyond the control of Devon or Ocean, such as the impact of competition on the
business of Devon, Ocean and the industry generally, industry growth and the
absence of any adverse material change in the financial condition and prospects
of Devon or the industry or in the financial markets in general. Mathematical
analysis, such as determining the average or median, is not in itself a
meaningful method of using comparable company data.

     Precedent Corporate Transactions Analysis.  Using publicly available
information, Morgan Stanley performed an analysis of the following precedent
corporate transactions that were comparable to the merger in certain respects:

     - PanCanadian Energy/Alberta Energy;

     - Devon Energy/Mitchell Energy & Development;

     - Devon Energy/Santa Fe Snyder;

     - Anadarko Petroleum/Union Pacific Resources;

     - Devon Energy/PennzEnergy;

     - Santa Fe Energy/Snyder Oil; and

     - Ocean Energy/Seagull Energy.

     The results of these analyses are as follows:

                                                              SELECTED VALUATION RANGE
                                                              ------------------------

Price/1-Year Forward Cash Flow per Share....................         3.5x-4.5x
Firm Value/1-Year Forward EBITDAX...........................         4.5x-5.5x
Firm Value/Proved BOE.......................................        $7.00-$9.00
Premiums Paid...............................................          15%-35%

     Morgan Stanley applied the selected valuation range in the table above to
data based on First Call estimates and proved reserve estimates provided by
Devon's management. The analysis resulted in an implied exchange ratio of
0.326-0.538.

     No transaction included in the comparison of precedent corporate
transactions analysis is identical to the merger. In evaluating the transactions
listed above, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Devon or
Ocean, such as the impact of competition on Devon, Ocean and the industry
generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse material change in the
financial condition and prospects of Ocean, Devon or the industry or in the
financial markets in general. Mathematical analysis, such as determining the
average or median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using precedent
corporate transaction data.

     Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.  Morgan Stanley reviewed the daily
historical ratios of the closing prices per share of Ocean common stock divided
by the closing prices per share of Devon common stock for the period from
February 19, 2001 to February 19, 2003. Morgan Stanley calculated the average of
the historical ratios and computed the premium or discount represented by the
averages of the historical ratios for various periods over the 0.414 exchange
ratio. The following table presents the range of historical ratios over the
periods covered compared to the exchange ratio in the transaction:

                                                                  PREMIUM (DISCOUNT) TO 0.414
PERIOD                                              AVERAGE (X)       EXCHANGE RATIO (%)
- ------                                              -----------   ---------------------------

Current (February 19, 2003).......................     0.398                 (3.8)
1 Month...........................................     0.412                 (0.3)
3 Months..........................................     0.418                  1.0
6 Months..........................................     0.414                  0.0
1 Year............................................     0.424                  2.4
2 Years...........................................     0.413                 (0.2)

     Relative Contribution Analysis.  Morgan Stanley reviewed the relative
contributions of Ocean and Devon to the pro forma combined company based on
proved hydrocarbon reserves, hydrocarbon production, cash flow and EBITDAX using
three cases. The first case used 2002 historical data for both Devon and Ocean
prepared by Devon's management and Ocean's management. Based on this case, the
implied exchange ratio was 0.336 to 0.475. The second case used 2003 and 2004
data for the same metrics for Devon and Ocean based on publicly available data,
including the projections of securities analysts and First Call estimates. Based
on this case, the implied exchange ratio was 0.361 to 0.484. The third case used
Devon's management's projections for Devon and Ocean which were based on First
Call estimates for hydrocarbon pricing in 2003 and 2004. Based on this case, the
implied exchange ratio was 0.333 to 0.517.

     Morgan Stanley also reviewed the relative contributions of Ocean and Devon
based on the relative trading performance of each company's common stock for the
last twelve months through February 19, 2003. This analysis resulted in an
implied exchange ratio of 0.350 to 0.524.

     Pro Forma Financial Results.  Morgan Stanley reviewed the pro forma impact
of the merger on Devon's projected earnings per share and cash flow per share
for the fiscal years ended 2003, 2004 and 2005 based upon two cases. One case
was based on Devon's management's projections using First Call estimates for
hydrocarbon pricing in 2003 and 2004, and Devon's management's own pricing for
2005. The other case was based on publicly available data, including First Call
estimates, for both earnings per share and cash flow per share for both
companies. Based on the first case, the merger would be expected to be accretive
to Devon's earnings per share in 2003, but slightly dilutive to cash flow per
share in the same year and subsequently for both earnings per share and cash
flow per share in 2004 and 2005. In the second case, the merger would be
expected to be slightly dilutive to Devon's earnings per share and cash flow per
share in 2003 and 2004. There were no First Call projections for earnings per
share or cash flow per share for 2005.

     In connection with the review of the merger, Morgan Stanley performed a
variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes of rendering its
opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving
at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the results of all of its analyses as
a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any particular analysis
or factor considered by it. Furthermore, Morgan Stanley believes that selecting
any portion of its analyses or factors considered by it, without considering all
analyses and factors as a whole, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various
analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors and may
have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions, so
that the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described
above should therefore not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's view of the actual
value of Devon or Ocean.

     In performing its analyses, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Ocean or Devon. Any
estimates contained in Morgan Stanley's analysis are not necessarily indicative
of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by such estimates. The analyses performed were
prepared solely as part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of the fairness from a
financial view of the 0.414 exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement to
Devon and were conducted in connection with the delivery by Morgan Stanley of
its opinion dated February 23, 2003 to Devon's board of directors. The analyses
do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which Devon common
stock or Ocean common stock actually may be valued or the prices at which the
Devon common stock or Ocean common stock may actually trade in the marketplace.

     Morgan Stanley's opinion was one of the many factors taken into
consideration by Devon's board of directors in making its unanimous
determination to approve the merger agreement. Morgan Stanley's analyses
summarized above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of Devon's
board of directors with respect to the value of Devon or Ocean or of whether
Devon's board of directors would have been willing to agree to a different
exchange ratio or form of consideration. The 0.414 exchange ratio and other
terms of the merger agreement were determined through arm's length negotiations
between Ocean and Devon and were approved by Devon's board of directors. Morgan
Stanley provided advice to Devon during the course of the negotiations, but the
decision to enter into the merger agreement was solely that of Devon's board of
directors. Morgan Stanley did not recommend any specific exchange ratio to Devon
or that any given exchange ratio constituted the only appropriate exchange ratio
for the merger.

     Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm. Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking and financial
advisory business, is continuously engaged in the valuation of businesses and
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes. In the past, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have provided financial
advisory and financing services for Devon and have received fees for the
rendering of these services. In the ordinary course of Morgan Stanley's
business, Morgan Stanley or its affiliates may from time to time trade in the
securities of or debt of Devon and Ocean for its own account, the accounts of
investment funds and other clients under the management of Morgan Stanley and
for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long
or short position in these securities or debt.

     Pursuant to the engagement letter between Devon and Morgan Stanley, Devon
agreed to pay Morgan Stanley a $5 million fee for services rendered by Morgan
Stanley in connection with the merger, including Morgan Stanley's delivery of an
opinion as to the fairness from a financial point of view of the 0.414 exchange
ratio pursuant to the merger agreement to Devon as of the date on which the
merger agreement was signed. Devon has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley
for its expenses incurred in performing its services. In addition, Devon has
agreed to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective
directors, officers, agents and employees and each person, if any, controlling
Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities and
expenses, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws,
related to or arising out of Morgan Stanley's engagement and any related
transactions.

INTERESTS OF OCEAN'S EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE MERGER

     In considering the recommendation of Ocean's board of directors with
respect to the merger, Ocean stockholders should be aware that some of Ocean's
executive officers and directors may have interests in the merger that are
different from the interests of Ocean stockholders generally. The boards of
directors of both companies were aware of these interests and considered them in
approving and adopting the merger agreement and the merger that it contemplates.

  APPOINTMENT OF OCEAN'S DESIGNEES TO DEVON'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Under the merger agreement, Milton Carroll, Peter J. Fluor, Robert L.
Howard, and Charles F. Mitchell, M.D., each of whom is currently a member of
Ocean's board of directors, are expected to be

appointed to Devon's board of directors at the effective time of the merger.
Each of the Ocean-designated directors will hold office until his respective
successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal.
See the "Directors and Executive Officers of the Combined Company -- Directors"
section of this document for more information regarding the Ocean designees.

  APPOINTMENT OF JAMES T. HACKETT AS PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER OF
  DEVON

     James T. Hackett, who is currently the Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Ocean, will be appointed President and Chief Operating
Officer of Devon at the effective time of the merger. Mr. Hackett's existing
employment agreement and severance agreement with Ocean were amended in
connection with the merger. The amendments have the effect of suspending until
May 2004 certain change-of-control provisions in the agreements that would
otherwise be triggered by the merger and would entitle Mr. Hackett to terminate
his employment and receive a lump-sum cash payment and other benefits. Upon
proper notice, Mr. Hackett may elect to terminate his employment on May 1, 2004
and receive severance payments.

  OTHER INTERESTS

     Ocean's executive officers and directors also have the following interests
in the merger that may be different from Ocean stockholders' interests
generally:

     - Outstanding Ocean stock options and restricted stock awards held by
       Ocean's directors and executive officers (and all other Ocean employees)
       will vest at the effective time of the merger. At the effective time of
       the merger, options held by Ocean directors and executive officers
       relating to 1,288,205 shares of Ocean common stock and restricted stock
       awards held by Ocean directors and executive officers relating to 825,865
       shares of Ocean common stock will vest. Outstanding Ocean stock options
       not exercised at that time will be converted into options to purchase
       shares of Devon common stock, subject to adjustment for the 0.414
       exchange ratio.

     - After the merger, some Ocean officers may become officers of Devon.

     - John D. Schiller, Jr.'s existing employment agreement with Ocean was
       amended in connection with the merger. The amendment has the effect of
       suspending until May 2004 certain change-of-control provisions in the
       agreement that would otherwise be triggered by the merger and would
       entitle Mr. Schiller to terminate his employment and receive a lump-sum
       cash payment and other benefits. Upon proper notice, Mr. Schiller may
       elect to terminate his employment on May 1, 2004 and receive severance
       payments.

     - The merger will trigger change-of-control provisions in Ocean's directors
       compensation plan. Upon completion of the merger, the existing Ocean
       directors who are not selected to serve on Devon's board of directors
       following the merger will be entitled to a lump-sum cash payment, which
       will generally be an amount equal to the product of the director's years
       of service (not less than one year nor more than five years) and the
       highest annual cash retainer that the director was paid. The aggregate of
       those lump-sum payments is expected to be about $1.4 million.

     - The merger will trigger change-of-control provisions in the employment
       agreements of some of Ocean's parent company and/or subsidiary officers,
       including:

      - Doss R. Bourgeois, Vice President -- Deepwater Facilities (Gulf of
        Mexico)

      - Clint P. Credeur, Vice President -- Reservoir Engineering (Gulf of
        Mexico)

      - Peggy T. d'Hemecourt, Vice President -- Human Resources

      - William S. Flores, Jr., Senior Vice President -- Worldwide Drilling

      - Stephen T. Laperouse, Vice President -- Land (Gulf of Mexico)

      - James H. Painter, Senior Vice President -- Gulf of Mexico and
        International Exploration

      - John J. Patton, Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant
        Secretary

      - Robert K. Reeves, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
        Secretary

      - William L. Transier, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
        Officer

      - Frank D. Willoughby, Vice President -- Financial Planning

     The merger will also constitute a "corporate change" for purposes of the
     employment agreements of those Ocean officers, entitling them to full
     vesting of their outstanding options and similar awards. In addition, if
     those Ocean officers do not continue their employment with the combined
     company after the merger, or if they leave the combined company for
     specified reasons, they may be entitled to lump-sum cash payments and
     certain other benefits, such as continuing health insurance coverage. The
     cash payments will generally be equal to three times the sum of the Ocean
     officer's salary and bonus.

     - The merger will trigger change-of-control provisions in the severance
       agreements of the following Ocean parent company and/or subsidiary
       officers:

      - John H. Campbell, Jr., Senior Vice President -- North American Onshore
        Operations

      - Mario M. Coll, III, Vice President -- Operational Planning and Chief
        Information Officer

      - Scott A. Griffiths, Senior Vice President -- Exploration and
        International New Ventures

      - Kermit E. Reynolds, Senior Vice President -- Gulf of Mexico and
        International Operations

      - Robert L. Thompson, Vice President and Controller

     Those change-of-control provisions generally provide that a covered officer
     will be entitled to a lump-sum cash payment and certain other benefits if
     the officer's employment is "involuntarily terminated," as that term is
     defined in the severance agreements, within two years of the date on which
     the merger is completed. While the exact terms of the severance agreements
     differ, the lump-sum cash payment generally provides for the payment of the
     product of either 2 or 2.99 and the sum of the officer's annual salary and
     bonus.

     - The merger will cause full or partial vesting of outstanding awards under
       Ocean's executive supplemental retirement plan, which covers James T.
       Hackett, Robert K. Reeves, John D. Schiller, Jr., and William L.
       Transier, if a covered officer is terminated for certain reasons relating
       to the merger.

     - After the merger, Ocean will indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest
       extent permitted under law each current and former director and officer
       of Ocean, its subsidiaries and divisions against all losses pertaining to
       actions taken by them, or failures to act, while serving in those
       capacities before the merger.

     - For six years after the merger, Ocean will maintain its current policies
       of directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability
       insurance, or policies no less favorable to the insured, covering acts or
       omissions before the merger. Ocean will not be required to pay annual
       premiums to maintain that coverage in excess of 250% of the 2003 annual
       premium paid by Ocean, but will be required to purchase as much coverage
       as reasonably practicable for that amount.

     - The merger agreement generally requires Devon to honor Ocean's existing
       employee benefit plans and commitments in accordance with their terms
       until at least December 31, 2003. The merger agreement also provides
       assurances that Ocean officers and employees who become and remain full-
       time employees of the combined company after the merger will receive
       employee benefits no less favorable than those provided to similarly
       situated Devon employees until at least December 31, 2004. More
       information regarding Devon's obligations with respect to Ocean's
       existing employee benefit plans and commitments can be found in "The
       Merger Agreement -- Covenants and Other Agreements -- Employee Benefits"
       section of this document.

     Ocean's directors and executive officers beneficially owned, as of March
17, 2003, about 4% of the outstanding shares of Ocean common stock. They will be
entitled to receive the same consideration as all other Ocean stockholders.

     Devon's directors and executive officers did not beneficially own any
shares of Ocean stock as of March 17, 2003.

PENDING LITIGATION

     A lawsuit captioned Breakwater Partners, LP v. James T. Hackett, et. al.
(Case No. 2003-10161) was filed on February 27, 2003 in the District Court of
Harris County, Texas, naming as defendants Ocean and all of the members of
Ocean's board of directors. The complaint generally alleges that:

     - the 0.414 exchange ratio is inadequate and unfair to Ocean common
       stockholders; and

     - the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to Ocean stockholders,
       including the duty of care and the duty of loyalty, or aided and abetted
       in the breach of those fiduciary duties, by, among other things, (1)
       failing to conduct a "full and fair auction process or active market
       check;" (2) agreeing to the terms of the merger agreement, including a
       non-solicitation provision and the termination fee that is payable by
       Ocean to Devon under certain circumstances; (3) failing to make an
       informed decision; (4) failing to ensure that conflicts of interest are
       resolved in the best interests of Ocean's public stockholders; (5)
       personally benefiting from the merger; and (6) not appointing "any truly
       independent person or entity" to negotiate on behalf of Ocean
       stockholders.

     The complaint seeks class action status. It also seeks (1) injunctive
relief against completing the merger or, if the merger is completed, rescission
of the merger; (2) monetary damages in an unspecified amount; and (3) recovery
of the plaintiff's costs and attorneys' fees. The description of this lawsuit is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complaint, which has been filed as
an exhibit to the registration statement of which this document is a part and is
incorporated into this document by reference.

     Ocean believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend
against it vigorously. We can provide no assurance that additional claims may
not be made or filed, the substance of which may be similar to the allegations
described above or that otherwise might arise from, or in connection with, the
merger agreement and the transactions it contemplates.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     The following summary of the provisions of Section 262 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law is not a complete statement of the law pertaining to
appraisal rights and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a copy of which is
attached to this document as Annex D and is incorporated into this summary by
reference.

  DEVON STOCKHOLDERS

     Devon stockholders are not entitled to appraisal rights in connection with
the merger.

  OCEAN STOCKHOLDERS

     Ocean common stockholders are not entitled to appraisal rights in
connection with the merger.

     Ocean convertible preferred stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights
in connection with the merger, if it is completed, and to receive in cash the
fair value of the Ocean convertible preferred stock as determined by the
Delaware Court of Chancery. Under Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, not less than 20 days before Ocean's meeting, Ocean must notify
each of the holders of record of its Ocean convertible preferred stock as of the
record date that appraisal rights are available to them and

include in the notice a copy of Section 262. Ocean intends that this document
constitutes that required notice. An Ocean convertible preferred stockholder
that elects to exercise appraisal rights must:

     - deliver to Ocean, before the vote to adopt the merger agreement, written
       notice of the convertible preferred stockholder's identity and intention
       to demand payment of the fair value of the convertible preferred
       stockholder's convertible preferred shares (this written notice must be
       in addition to and separate from any proxy or vote against the adoption
       of the merger agreement; neither voting against adoption nor a failure to
       vote for adoption will constitute such a notice); and

     - not vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement (a failure to vote
       will satisfy the requirement, but a vote in favor of adoption of the
       merger agreement, by proxy or in person, will constitute a waiver of the
       convertible preferred stockholder's appraisal rights and will nullify any
       previously filed written notice of intent to demand payment).

An Ocean convertible preferred stockholder who fails to comply with either of
these conditions will have no appraisal rights with respect to the convertible
preferred stockholder's shares of Ocean convertible preferred stock. The shares
of Ocean convertible preferred stock with respect to which holders have
perfected their appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 and have not
effectively withdrawn or lost their appraisal rights are referred to in this
document as the "dissenting convertible preferred shares."

     Any Ocean convertible preferred stockholder wishing to exercise appraisal
rights must be the record holder of the applicable convertible preferred shares
on the date the convertible preferred stockholder makes the written demand for
appraisal and must continue to hold the convertible preferred shares until
completion of the merger. In order to exercise appraisal rights with respect to
shares of Ocean convertible preferred stock, a convertible preferred stockholder
who elects to exercise appraisal rights should mail or deliver the convertible
preferred stockholder's written notice thereof to Ocean Energy, Inc., 1001
Fannin Street, Suite 1600, Houston, Texas 77002, Attention: Secretary. The
notice must be executed by, or on behalf of, the holder of record, whose name
should be stated as it appears on the stockholder's convertible preferred stock
certificate(s). The notice must identify the convertible preferred stockholder
and indicate the convertible preferred stockholder's intention to demand payment
of the fair value of the stockholder's convertible preferred shares. If the
convertible preferred shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such
as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, the demand should be made in that
capacity. If the convertible preferred shares are owned of record by more than
one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be
executed by or on behalf of all joint owners. An authorized agent, including one
or more joint owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a record
holder; in the demand, however, the agent must identify the record owner or
owners and expressly disclose that the agent is executing the demand as an agent
for the record owner or owners. A record holder who holds convertible preferred
shares as nominee for several beneficial owners, such as a broker, may exercise
appraisal rights for the convertible preferred shares held for one or more
beneficial owners and not exercise rights for the convertible preferred shares
held for other beneficial owners. In this case, the written demand should state
the number of convertible preferred shares for which appraisal rights are being
demanded. When no number of convertible preferred shares is stated, the demand
will be presumed to cover all convertible preferred shares held of record by the
broker or nominee.

     Within ten days after the effective date of the merger, Ocean must mail
notice to all Ocean convertible preferred stockholders who have demanded
appraisal in compliance with the requirements of Section 262, notifying them of
the effective date. Within 120 days after the effective date, Ocean or any
holders of dissenting convertible preferred shares may file a petition in the
Delaware Court of Chancery for the appraisal of the dissenting convertible
preferred shares. However, any convertible preferred stockholder may, within 60
days after the effective date and prior to the filing of a petition, withdraw a
demand for appraisal and accept the merger consideration to which the
convertible preferred stockholder would have otherwise been entitled.

     When an Ocean convertible preferred stockholder files a petition for
appraisal, Ocean will file with the Register in Chancery, within 30 days of
service of the petition on Ocean, a verified list of the names and addresses of
the convertible preferred stockholders who have demanded appraisal. Upon the
order of the

court, the Register in Chancery will then provide notice of the hearing on the
petition by mail and publication to the convertible preferred stockholders who
have demanded appraisal. At the hearing on such petition, the court will
determine the convertible preferred stockholders who have perfected their
appraisal rights. The court may require the holders of dissenting convertible
preferred shares to submit their stock certificates to the Register in Chancery
in order to note the pending appraisal proceedings on the stock certificates;
the failure of a convertible preferred stockholder to comply with that direction
may result in the court dismissing the proceedings as to that convertible
preferred stockholder.

     Within 120 days after the effective date, any holder of dissenting
convertible preferred shares may, upon written request, receive from Ocean a
statement setting forth the aggregate number of convertible preferred shares not
voted in favor of adopting the merger agreement and with respect to which
demands for appraisals have been received and the aggregate number of holders of
such convertible preferred shares. Ocean must mail this statement to holders of
dissenting convertible preferred shares within ten days after receiving a
written request for this statement or within ten days after the vote to adopt
the merger agreement, whichever is later.

     If the merger is completed, each Ocean convertible preferred stockholder
who has perfected appraisal rights in accordance with Section 262 will be
entitled to be paid by Ocean the fair value in cash of the stockholder's
convertible preferred shares. Upon application of an Ocean convertible preferred
stockholder, the court may permit discovery and other pretrial proceedings. All
convertible preferred stockholders may participate in the appraisal proceedings
until the Court determines they are not entitled to appraisal. The Delaware
Court of Chancery will appraise the convertible preferred shares, determining
their fair value, exclusive of any element of value arising from the completion
or expectation of the merger, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to
be paid upon the amount determined to be fair value. In determining the fair
value, the court may take into account all relevant factors and, upon such
determination, will then direct the payment of the fair value of the convertible
preferred shares, together with any interest, to Ocean convertible preferred
stockholders who have perfected their appraisal rights. Ocean will make payment
to those convertible preferred stockholders upon their surrender of the
certificates to Ocean.

     Stockholders considering seeking appraisal for their shares of Ocean
convertible preferred stock should note that the fair value of their convertible
preferred shares determined under Section 262 could be more, the same or less
than the consideration they would receive pursuant to the merger agreement if
they did not seek appraisal of their convertible preferred shares. The court may
determine the costs of the appraisal proceeding and allocate them among the
parties as the court deems equitable under the circumstances. Upon application
of a convertible preferred stockholder, the court may order all or a portion of
the expenses incurred by any convertible preferred stockholder in connection
with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata
against the value of all convertible preferred shares entitled to appraisal. In
the absence of a determination or assessment by the court, each convertible
preferred stockholder bears its expenses.

     Any Ocean convertible preferred stockholder who demands an appraisal in
compliance with Section 262 will not, after completion of the merger, be
entitled to vote the stockholder's convertible preferred shares for any purpose
or be entitled to payment of dividends or other distribution on those
convertible preferred shares other than dividends or other distributions payable
as of a date on or before the date the merger is completed.

     If any Ocean convertible preferred stockholder who demands appraisal of the
stockholder's convertible preferred shares under Section 262 fails to perfect,
effectively withdraws or loses the right to appraisal, the stockholder's
convertible preferred shares will remain as shares of Ocean convertible
preferred stock and will remain outstanding as shares of the surviving
corporation of the merger in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement.
Dissenting convertible preferred shares lose their status as dissenting shares
if:

     - the merger is abandoned;

     - the stockholder seeking appraisal rights fails to make a timely written
       demand for appraisal;

     - after making a timely written demand for appraisal, the stockholder fails
       to continuously own the convertible preferred shares until the effective
       time of the merger;

     - neither Ocean nor a stockholder who has otherwise complied with Section
       262 files a petition for appraisal in the Delaware Court of Chancery
       within 120 days after the date on which the merger is completed; or

     - the stockholder delivers to Ocean, within 60 days of the date on which
       the merger is completed, or thereafter with Ocean's approval, a written
       withdrawal of the stockholder's demand for appraisal of the dissenting
       convertible preferred shares, although no appraisal proceeding in the
       Court of Chancery may be dismissed as to any stockholder without the
       approval of the court.

     Failure to follow the steps required by Section 262 for perfecting
appraisal rights may result in the loss of appraisal rights. In view of the
complexity of the provisions of Section 262, Ocean convertible preferred
stockholders are encouraged to consult with their own advisors regarding their
appraisal rights.

REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and the
rules promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission, the merger cannot
be completed until notifications have been given and certain information has
been furnished to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice and specified waiting period requirements have been
satisfied. Devon and Ocean filed notification and report forms under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act with the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
Division on March 7, 2003. The waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act
will expire at 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on April 7, 2003, unless a request for
additional information or documentary material is made by the Department of
Justice or Federal Trade Commission before that time or the waiting period is
terminated earlier.

     At any time before or after completion of the merger, the Antitrust
Division or the Federal Trade Commission or any state could take such action
under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public
interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger, to rescind
the merger or to seek divestiture of particular assets of Devon or Ocean.
Private parties also may seek to take legal action under the antitrust laws
under certain circumstances. In addition, non-United States governmental and
regulatory authorities may seek to take action under applicable antitrust laws.
A challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds may be made and, if such a
challenge is made, it is possible that Devon and Ocean will not prevail.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a summary of the material terms of the merger agreement.
It is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement, a copy of
which is attached to this document as Annex A and is incorporated into this
document by reference. You should read the merger agreement because it, and not
this document, is the legal document that governs the terms of the merger.

STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER

     At the effective time of the merger, Devon NewCo Corporation, a newly
formed, nominally capitalized Delaware corporation that is wholly owned by
Devon, will merge with and into Ocean. Ocean will be the surviving corporation
in the merger, and will become a subsidiary of Devon. Devon may substitute
another of its wholly owned subsidiaries to be a party to the merger in place of
Devon NewCo as long as the substitution does not delay either the Devon meeting
or the Ocean meeting.

     Ocean's certificate of incorporation will be amended at the effective time
of the merger and, as so amended, will be the surviving corporation's
certificate of incorporation until duly amended. The amendments are designed to
make the surviving corporation's certificate of incorporation similar to the
organizational documents of Devon's other subsidiaries. Devon NewCo's bylaws
will be the surviving corporation's bylaws until duly amended. The directors of
Devon NewCo at the effective time of the merger will be the surviving
corporation's directors.

     Assuming Devon's board of directors is to consist of 13 directors at the
effective time of the merger, Devon must appoint four current Ocean directors
designated by Ocean to Devon's board of directors at the effective time,
provided that each Ocean designee is acceptable to Devon in its sole discretion.
See the "Directors and Executive Officers of the Combined Company -- Directors"
section of this document for information on the Ocean directors who will be
appointed to Devon's board of directors. The number of Ocean designees may be
adjusted upward or downward if the size of Devon's board of directors increases
or decreases before the merger is completed. The Ocean designees will be
allocated as evenly as possible among the different classes of Devon directors.
In addition, James T. Hackett will become Devon's President and Chief Operating
Officer at the effective time of the merger. J. Larry Nichols will remain
Devon's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at the effective time of the
merger. See "The Merger -- Interests of Ocean's Executive Officers and Directors
in the Merger" section of this document.

WHEN THE MERGER BECOMES EFFECTIVE

     Ocean and Devon NewCo will execute and file a certificate of merger with
the Delaware Secretary of State on the first business day after the day on which
the last condition to completing the merger is satisfied or waived or at such
other time as Devon and Ocean may agree. The merger will become effective at the
time and on the date on which the certificate of merger is filed or such other
time and date on which the parties agree and specify in the certificate of
merger. That time is referred to as the "effective time of the merger."

CONVERSION OF OCEAN STOCK AND STOCK OPTIONS

     At the effective time of the merger, the following will occur:

     - Each outstanding share of Ocean common stock, other than shares owned by
       Devon, Devon NewCo, Ocean or their respective subsidiaries, will be
       converted into 0.414 of a share of Devon common stock.

     - Each outstanding share of Ocean convertible preferred stock, other than
       convertible preferred shares held by Ocean convertible preferred
       stockholders who validly exercise their appraisal rights under

Delaware law, shall (1) remain outstanding as one share of convertible preferred
stock of the surviving corporation and (2) after the effective time of the
merger, be convertible into Devon common stock instead of Ocean common stock,
giving effect to the 0.414 exchange ratio, and will have voting rights in Devon
on an as-converted basis. To effect those voting rights in Devon, Devon
anticipates issuing at the effective time of the merger one or more shares of a
new class of Devon preferred stock to a voting trustee for the benefit of Ocean
convertible preferred stockholders. Shares of the new class of Devon preferred
stock issued to the voting trustee would have voting rights in Devon equal to
the voting rights of Ocean convertible preferred stock on an as-converted basis
and would otherwise have minimal economic value. The voting trustee would be
obligated to vote the share(s) of the new class of Devon preferred stock in the
manner directed by Ocean convertible preferred stockholders. After the effective
time of the merger, Ocean convertible preferred stockholders will no longer have
voting rights in Ocean, except as required by law and except that they will have
the right to block Ocean from (1) creating stock with a higher preference than
the Ocean convertible preferred stock with respect to dividend distributions or
distributions on liquidation or (2) amending its certificate of incorporation so
as to adversely affect the preferences, rights or powers of the Ocean
convertible preferred stock.

     - Each outstanding share of Ocean convertible preferred stock held by Ocean
       convertible preferred stockholders who validly exercise their appraisal
       rights under Delaware law will be treated as described in "The
       Merger -- Appraisal Rights" section of this document.

     - Shares of Ocean common stock owned by Devon, Devon NewCo, Ocean or any of
       their respective subsidiaries will be canceled and retired without any
       payment.

     - Each share of Devon NewCo common stock will be converted into one share
       of common stock of the surviving corporation.

     If, before the effective time of the merger, the issued and outstanding
shares of Devon or Ocean common stock are changed into a different number of
shares as a result of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, stock
distribution, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or similar
event, an appropriate adjustment will be made to the 0.414 exchange ratio.

     Each outstanding option to purchase Ocean common stock granted under
Ocean's stock plans that is unexercised as of the effective time of the merger
will be assumed by Devon at the effective time of the merger and will become an
option to purchase a number of shares of Devon common stock equal to the number
of Ocean shares covered by the option multiplied by 0.414 (or, if the exchange
ratio is adjusted, the new exchange ratio), with any fractional amount rounded
to the next lowest share, for each share of Ocean common stock covered by the
option before the merger. At the effective time of the merger, all unvested
Ocean options will vest, and Devon will assume Ocean's existing long-term
incentive plans and its employee stock purchase plan. As of March 17, 2003, the
weighted average exercise price for the unexercised Ocean stock options granted
under Ocean's plans was about $16.39 per share. After conversion, the exercise
price per share of Devon common stock subject to each option will equal the pre-
conversion exercise price per share of Ocean common stock subject to each option
divided by 0.414 (or, if the exchange ratio is adjusted, the new exchange
ratio), with any fractional amount rounded to the next highest cent. However,
with respect to Ocean options outstanding as of the effective time of the merger
under Ocean's employee stock purchase plan, the option exercise price will be
85% of the lower of (1) the January 1, 2003 market value of Ocean common stock
divided by 0.414 and (2) the June 30, 2003 market value of Devon common stock.

     The exact number of shares of Devon common stock that will be issued to
Ocean stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement cannot be calculated at this
time. However, the following chart shows a

calculation of the number of shares of Devon common stock that would be issued
by Devon pursuant to the merger agreement based on the assumptions set forth in
the chart:

                                                                                         SHARES OF
                                                                                           DEVON
DESCRIPTION                                       CALCULATION                           COMMON STOCK
- -----------                                       -----------                           ------------

177,780,229 shares of Ocean common
stock outstanding as of the close of
business on March 17, 2003..........   177,780,229 shares x 0.414 exchange               73,601,015
                                                                     ratio

19,256,987 shares of Ocean common
stock that would be issued upon
exercise of Ocean options
outstanding as of the close of
business on March 17, 2003 assuming
that all of those options are
exercised before the effective time
of the merger.......................    19,256,987 shares x 0.414 exchange                7,972,393(1)
                                                                     ratio

3,517,000 shares of Ocean common
stock that would be issued to
existing Ocean convertible preferred
stockholders assuming that all
outstanding convertible preferred
shares had been converted to shares
of Ocean common stock on March 17,
2003................................     3,517,000 shares x 0.414 exchange                1,456,038(2)
                                                                     ratio

106,000 shares of Ocean common stock
that may be issued by Ocean prior to
the effective time of the merger
pursuant to the merger agreement....       106,000 shares x 0.414 exchange                   43,884(3)
                                                                     ratio
                                                                                        -----------

    Total.................................................................               83,073,330
                                                                                        ===========

- ---------------

(1) Some or all of these Ocean options may never be exercised.

(2) The exact number of shares of Ocean common stock (if converted before the
    effective time of the merger) or Devon common stock (if converted after the
    effective time of the merger) into which each share of Ocean convertible
    preferred stock may be converted is subject to frequent adjustment. It is
    determined by dividing (a) $1,000 plus the amount of accrued and unpaid
    dividends per Ocean convertible preferred share by (b) the conversion price
    of Ocean convertible preferred stock as of the conversion date. The
    conversion price is, and after the merger will continue to be, subject to
    various anti-dilutive and other adjustments, including the payment of cash
    dividends on Ocean common stock (before the effective time of the merger) or
    Devon common stock (after the effective time of the merger). As of March 17,
    2003, each share of Ocean convertible preferred stock was convertible into
    70.34 shares of Ocean common stock. This means that 3,517,000 shares of
    Ocean common stock would have been issued to Ocean convertible preferred
    stockholders had each of the 50,000 outstanding Ocean convertible preferred
    shares been converted on March 17, 2003. The number of shares of Devon
    common stock that will be issued at or after the effective time of the
    merger with respect to the 50,000 outstanding Ocean convertible preferred
    shares will not be known until all of those convertible preferred shares
    have been converted into shares of Ocean common stock (if converted before
    the effective time of the merger) or Devon common stock (if converted after
    the effective time of the merger). In addition, some or all of those
    convertible preferred shares may never be converted into Ocean common stock
    or Devon common stock.

(3) The merger agreement provides that Ocean may issue up to 106,000 shares of
    Ocean common stock (including shares issuable upon the exercise of Ocean
    options) between the date on which the merger agreement was signed and the
    effective time of the merger. The exact number of shares of Ocean common
    stock (including shares issuable upon the exercise of Ocean options) issued
    by Ocean during that period will not be known until the effective time of
    the merger.

     For a description of Devon's and Ocean's common stock and a description of
the comparative rights of holders of Devon common stock and Ocean common stock,
see the "Comparison of the Rights of Ocean and Devon Stockholders" section of
this document.

EXCHANGE OF SHARES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

     Exchange Agent.  At or prior to the effective time of the merger, Devon
will authorize the exchange agent to credit a sufficient number of shares of
Devon common stock to direct registration (book-entry) accounts maintained by
Devon's transfer agent, or to issue certificates representing those shares, to
effect the conversion of Ocean common stock into the Devon common stock to be
issued in the merger. Devon will also make funds available to the exchange agent
from time to time after the effective time of the merger as needed to pay any
dividends or other distributions declared by Devon on its common stock with a
record date after the effective time of the merger and a payment date on or
before the date the relevant shares of Ocean common stock are surrendered.

     At the effective time of the merger, the stock transfer books of Ocean will
be closed and no further issuances or transfers of shares of Ocean common stock
will be made. If, after the effective time, valid Ocean stock certificates are
presented to the surviving corporation for any reason, they will be cancelled
and exchanged as described above to the extent allowed by applicable law.

     Exchange of Shares.  If you own Ocean common stock, the exchange agent will
mail to you a transmittal letter and instructions explaining how to surrender
your shares of Ocean common stock to the exchange agent after the effective time
of the merger.

  OCEAN STOCK CERTIFICATES SHOULD NOT BE RETURNED WITH THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD.
  A TRANSMITTAL LETTER AND ACCOMPANYING INSTRUCTIONS WILL BE PROVIDED TO OCEAN
  COMMON STOCKHOLDERS FOLLOWING THE MERGER.

     Ocean common stockholders who deliver a properly completed and signed
transmittal letter and any other documents required by the instructions to the
transmittal letter to the exchange agent, together with their Ocean stock
certificates, to the extent their Ocean common stock is evidenced by stock
certificates, will receive:

     - the number of whole shares of Devon common stock to which each holder is
       entitled in accordance with the merger agreement; and

     - after giving effect to any required tax withholdings, a check in the
       aggregate amount of:

      - the cash proceeds received from the sale by the exchange agent of any
        fractional shares of Devon common stock; and

      - any cash dividends and any other dividends or other distributions
        declared by Devon on its common stock with a record date after the
        effective time of the merger and a payment date on or before the date
        the Ocean stockholder surrendered its stock certificate.

     Devon uses a direct registration (book-entry) program with respect to
record ownership of Devon common stock. Direct registration is a service that
allows shares to be owned, reported and transferred electronically without
having a physical stock certificate issued. Ownership of the shares is recorded
in the name of the owner electronically on Devon's books and records. Direct
registration is intended to alleviate problems relating to stolen, misplaced or
lost stock certificates and to reduce the paperwork relating to the transfer of
ownership of Devon common stock. Under direct registration, the voting, dividend
and other rights and benefits of holders of Devon common stock remain the same
as with holders of certificated shares.

     Ocean common stockholders who deliver a properly completed and signed
transmittal letter and any other documents required by the instructions to the
transmittal letter to the exchange agent, together with their Ocean stock
certificates, to the extent their Ocean common stock is evidenced by stock
certificates, will be issued the appropriate number of shares of Devon common
stock through direct registration. As soon as reasonably practicable following
the crediting of shares to their respective book-entry account,

Ocean common stockholders will receive account statements from Devon's transfer
agent evidencing their holdings, as well as general information on the
book-entry form of ownership through Devon's direct registration system. You are
not required to maintain a book-entry account, and you may at any time obtain a
physical stock certificate for all or a portion of your shares of Devon common
stock received in the merger at no cost to you. Instructions describing how you
can obtain stock certificates will be included with the account statement mailed
to you and can also be obtained upon request from Devon's transfer agent.

     If your Ocean common stock is evidenced by a stock certificate, you should
surrender that certificate for exchange after the effective time of the merger.
Until you deliver a properly completed and signed transmittal letter and any
other documents required by the instructions to the transmittal letter to the
exchange account, together with your Ocean stock certificates, to the extent
your Ocean common stock is evidenced by stock certificates, dividends or other
distributions declared with a record date after the effective time of the merger
will accrue, but will not be paid, on shares of Devon common stock that you are
entitled to receive as a result of the conversion of your shares of Ocean common
stock. No interest will be paid or accrue on:

     - the amount of cash to be received in lieu of fractional shares of Devon
       common stock; or

     - any cash dividends and any other dividends or other distributions
       declared by Devon on its common stock with a record date after the
       effective time of the merger and a payment date on or before the date the
       Ocean stock certificate is surrendered.

     The exchange agent will deliver to Devon any shares of Devon common stock
to be issued in the merger or funds received from the sale of fractional shares
in connection with the merger or to pay dividends or other distributions on
shares of Devon common stock to be issued in the merger that are not claimed by
former Ocean stockholders within one year after the effective time of the
merger. Thereafter, Devon will act as the exchange agent and former Ocean
stockholders may look only to Devon for payment of their shares of Devon common
stock, cash in lieu of fractional shares and unpaid dividends and distributions.
None of Devon, the surviving corporation, the exchange agent or any other person
will be liable to any former Ocean stockholder for any amount properly delivered
to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar laws. To the extent permitted by applicable law, any amount that would
escheat or become the property of any governmental entity shall, immediately
prior thereto, become the property of Devon free and clear of all claims or
interests of any person previously entitled thereto.

     If any shares of Devon common stock are to be issued in a name other than
that in which the Ocean common stock exchanged for such shares is registered,
the person requesting the exchange must (1) pay any transfer or other taxes
required by reason of the issuance of shares of Devon common stock in a name
other than that of the registered holder of the surrendered shares of Ocean
common stock or (2) establish to the satisfaction of Devon or the exchange agent
that such tax has been paid or is not applicable.

     Fractional Shares.  No fractional shares of Devon common stock will be
issued to Ocean stockholders. After the effective time of the merger, the
exchange agent will determine the number of shares of Devon common stock equal
to the difference, which we refer to as excess shares, between (1) the total
number of shares of Devon common stock that would be issuable to Ocean
stockholders if fractional shares were being issued in the merger and (2) the
total number of shares of Devon common stock issuable to Ocean stockholders
taking into account that fractional shares will not be issued in the merger.

     The exchange agent will sell on the American Stock Exchange, in round lots
to the extent practicable, the excess shares as soon as practicable after the
effective time of the merger. The surviving corporation will pay all
commissions, transfer taxes and other out-of-pocket transaction costs of selling
the excess shares. The exchange agent will hold in trust for the benefit of
Ocean stockholders the proceeds of the sale of excess shares. Instead of
fractional shares, each Ocean stockholder otherwise entitled to a fractional

share of Devon common stock will receive, in cash and without interest, an
amount determined by the following formula:

                                Fractional share of Devon common stock to which the Ocean
Aggregate proceeds from         stockholder otherwise would be entitled
the sale of the excess    x     ------------------------------------------------------------
shares                          Aggregate amount of fractional shares of Devon common stock
                                to which all Ocean stockholders otherwise would be entitled

     Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.  If an Ocean stock certificate has
been lost, stolen or destroyed, the exchange agent will issue the shares of
Devon common stock properly issuable in accordance with the merger agreement
upon receipt of (1) an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming that the
certificate is lost, stolen or destroyed and (2) appropriate and customary
indemnification or the posting of a bond in the form customarily required by
Devon to indemnify against any claim that may be made against it with respect to
the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate.

     Affiliates.  Shares of Ocean common stock surrendered for exchange by
certain affiliates of Ocean will not be exchanged until Devon has received a
written agreement of the kind described below under the heading "Covenants and
Other Agreements -- Affiliate Agreements."

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

     Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Merger.  The
obligations of Devon and Ocean to complete the merger are subject to the
following conditions:

     - adoption by Ocean's stockholders of the merger agreement;

     - approval by Devon's stockholders of the issuance of Devon common stock
       pursuant to the merger agreement;

     - the expiration or early termination of the waiting period under (1) the
       Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and (2) any
       mandatory waiting period or required consent under any applicable foreign
       competition or antitrust law or regulation, except where the failure to
       observe the waiting period or obtain the consent would reasonably be
       expected to delay or prevent the merger or have a material adverse effect
       on the expected benefits of the merger to Devon;

     - the absence of any statute, rule, regulation, decree, order or injunction
       that prohibits the merger or makes the merger unlawful;

     - the declaration of effectiveness of the registration statement of which
       this document is a part by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
       absence of any stop order or proceedings or threatened proceedings for
       the purpose of suspending the effectiveness of that registration
       statement;

     - the approval for listing on the American Stock Exchange of the shares of
       Devon common stock to be issued in connection with the merger, subject to
       official notice of issuance;

     - material compliance by the other party with its agreements and covenants
       contained in the merger agreement;

     - the representations and warranties of the other party set forth in the
       merger agreement and the documents delivered in connection with the
       merger agreement to the extent (1) qualified as to materiality (generally
       whether an inaccuracy in the representation and warranty would have a
       material adverse effect on the party making the representation and
       warranty) shall be true and correct and (2) not qualified as to
       materiality shall be true and correct in all material respects; and

     - receipt of a written opinion of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. or another
       nationally recognized tax counsel, in the case of Ocean, and Mayer,
       Brown, Rowe & Maw or another nationally recognized tax counsel, in the
       case of Devon, to the effect that:

      - the merger will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
        reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Internal
        Revenue Code; and

      - in the case of the opinion to Ocean, no gain or loss will be recognized
        by Ocean or its stockholders to the extent that they receive Devon
        common stock in exchange for shares of Ocean common stock, and, in the
        case of the opinion to Devon, no gain or loss will be recognized by any
        corporation that is a party to the merger.

     Devon's obligation to complete the merger is further subject to the
following conditions:

     - each of Ocean's directors shall have tendered his or her resignation to
       be effective as of the effective time of the merger; and

     - James T. Hackett's employment and severance agreements, as amended, shall
       not have been modified in any way or repudiated by Mr. Hackett.

     Ocean's obligation to complete the merger is further subject to the
following conditions:

     - each of Ocean's designees to Devon's board of directors shall have been
       elected or appointed to serve as Devon directors beginning at the
       effective time of the merger; and

     - James T. Hackett's employment and severance agreements, as amended, shall
       not have been repudiated by Devon.

     Waiver of Conditions.  Either Devon or Ocean may choose to complete the
merger even though any condition to that company's obligation has not been
satisfied if the necessary stockholder approvals have been obtained and the law
allows the company to do so.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by each of
Devon and Ocean as to itself and its subsidiaries, many of which provide that
the representation and warranty does not extend to matters where the failure of
the representation and warranty to be accurate would not have a material adverse
effect on the party making the representation and warranty. These
representations and warranties concern, among other things:

     - incorporation, qualifications, standing and authority;

     - corporate authorization to enter into the merger agreement and to
       complete the merger;

     - capital structure;

     - significant subsidiaries;

     - compliance with agreements, court orders and laws;

     - the absence of defaults, breaches and other conflicts caused by entering
       into the merger agreement and completing the merger;

     - the accuracy of financial statements and reports filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission;

     - the absence of litigation and undisclosed liabilities;

     - the absence of conditions or events that have had a material adverse
       effect on the party making the representation and warranty or certain
       other changes or events;

     - tax matters;

     - employee benefits and labor matters;

     - the absence of violations or liabilities under environmental laws;

     - the ownership and rights to use intellectual property;

     - title to properties and encumbrances;

     - insurance matters;

     - broker's and finder's fees;

     - receipt of a financial advisor's opinion in connection with the merger;

     - material contracts and debt instruments;

     - required board and stockholder approvals;

     - in Ocean's case only, the inapplicability of Section 203 of the Delaware
       General Corporation Law or any other fair price, moratorium, control
       share acquisition, interested stockholder or other similar anti-takeover
       provision or regulation;

     - the absence of non-competition agreements and material acquisition or
       disposition agreements;

     - in Ocean's case only, an amendment that Ocean made to its stockholder
       rights plan in connection with entering into the merger agreement; and

     - in Devon's case only, the inapplicability of Devon's stockholder rights
       plan to the merger.

     For purposes of the merger agreement, material adverse effect with respect
to any party means a material adverse effect on that party's (1) business,
assets and liabilities (taken together), (2) financial condition, or (3) ability
to complete the merger or fulfill the conditions to the merger. However, to the
extent any adverse effect results from (a) general economic, regulatory or
political conditions or changes, (b) financial or securities markets
fluctuations or conditions, (c) conditions or changes affecting the oil and gas
industry generally, (d) the merger or its announcement, or compliance with the
covenants in the merger agreement, or (e) stockholder class action litigation
arising from breach of fiduciary duty claims relating to the merger agreement,
the effect will not be considered a material adverse effect for purposes of the
merger agreement.

COVENANTS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS

     Operating Covenants.  Prior to the merger and unless the other party
consents in writing, with certain exceptions each of Devon and Ocean has agreed:

     - to conduct its operations in the ordinary course in substantially the
       same manner as previously conducted;

     - to use its reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its business
       organization and goodwill;

     - to use its reasonable best efforts to keep available the services of its
       officers and employees and maintain satisfactory relationships with those
       persons with whom it has business relationships;

     - not to amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws;

     - to notify the other party promptly of (1) any material adverse change in
       its financial condition or business, (2) any termination, cancellation,
       repudiation or material breach of any material contract, (3) any material
       litigation, material governmental complaints, investigations or hearings
       or (4) the breach in any material respect of any representation or
       warranty contained in the merger agreement;

     - to make available to the other party promptly any filings made by it with
       the Securities and Exchange Commission;

     - not to issue any shares of its capital stock, effect any change in its
       capitalization or grant any right to acquire shares of its capital stock,
       other than (1) to new employees consistent with past practice in an
       amount not to exceed, in the aggregate, 100,000 shares of its common
       stock, (2) pursuant to existing contractual commitments or (3) in the
       case of Devon only, awards or grants of options or restricted shares made
       in the ordinary course consistent with past practice;

     - not to increase any compensation or benefits, other than in the ordinary
       course of business consistent with past practice;

     - not to enter into or amend any employment or severance agreement with any
       of its present or future officers, directors or employees, except with
       new employees consistent with past practice;

     - not to adopt any new employee benefit plan or amend any existing employee
       benefit plan in any material respect;

     - not to declare, set aside or pay any dividend, other than ordinary
       periodic dividends consistent with its historic dividend rates, or
       redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or
       options or any other rights to acquire shares of its capital stock;

     - not to dispose of assets for an amount in excess of $700 million, in
       Devon's case, or in excess of $150 million, in Ocean's case, except in
       the ordinary course of business and for fair value;

     - not to acquire businesses or entities for aggregate consideration in
       excess of $100 million, in Devon's case, or in excess of $40 million, in
       Ocean's case;

     - not to change any of its accounting principles or practices, except as
       may be required by a change in law or in accounting principles generally
       accepted in the United States;

     - to use its reasonable best efforts to maintain with financially
       responsible insurance companies customary insurance coverage;

     - not to make or rescind any tax election, settle or compromise any matter
       relating to taxes, or change its method of reporting any item for U.S.
       federal income tax purposes from those used in the preparation of its
       federal income tax return for the most recent fiscal year for which a
       return has been filed, except as may be required by applicable law;

     - in Ocean's case only, not to incur or guarantee any indebtedness for
       borrowed money, except under credit lines existing as of the date of the
       merger agreement;

     - in Devon's case only, not to incur or guarantee any indebtedness for
       borrowed money or issue any debt in excess of $100 million, except under
       credit lines existing as of the date of the merger agreement;

     - not to enter into any material lease or create any material mortgage,
       lien, security interest or other encumbrance on its or the other party's
       property in connection with any indebtedness, except in the ordinary
       course of business;

     - not to make or commit to make aggregate capital expenditures in excess of
       $1 billion or any individual operating expenditure in excess of $50
       million;

     - not to take any action that is likely to materially delay or adversely
       affect any party's ability to obtain any consent or approval of any
       regulatory body or the expiration of any waiting period required to
       complete the merger;

     - not to terminate, amend, modify or waive any provision of any
       confidentiality or standstill agreement to which it is a party and to
       enforce to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law the
       provisions of those agreements, unless, in the good faith opinion of its
       board of directors after consultation with its outside legal counsel,
       taking, or failing to take, the action would be inconsistent with the
       fiduciary duties of its board of directors and only then if taking, or
       failing to take, the action would not otherwise violate the merger
       agreement;

     - not to enter into or amend any agreement with any holder of its capital
       stock with respect to holding, voting or disposing of shares;

     - not to cause the acceleration of rights, benefits or payments under any
       of its benefit plans by a resolution of its board of directors;

     - not to enter into any additional commodity hedge transactions for (1) in
       Ocean's case, any period in 2003, and, in Devon's case, any period in
       2003 for which the volume hedged is more than 65% of Devon's estimated
       production of proved reserves of these commodities during that period;
       (2) any period in 2004 for which the volume hedged is more than 35% of
       Ocean's or Devon's, as the case may be, estimated production of proved
       reserves of these commodities during that period; or (3) any period after
       December 31, 2004;

     - not to amend its stockholder rights plan, redeem any rights subject to
       its stockholder rights plan or exempt any third party from the other
       provisions of its stockholder rights plan;

     - not to split, combine, subdivide or reclassify its outstanding stock;

     - not to purchase any common stock of the other party;

     - not to do business in any country in which it was not doing business as
       of the date of the merger agreement;

     - not to enter into any joint venture, partnership or other joint business
       venture in which the total fair market value of its investments and
       commitments exceed $50 million; and

     - not to agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the foregoing
       actions.

     Other Acquisition Proposals.  In the merger agreement, each of Devon and
Ocean has agreed that it and its subsidiaries:

     - will not, and will not permit any of their officers, directors,
       employees, agents or representatives to, solicit, initiate or encourage
       any inquiry, proposal or offer for a third-party tender offer, merger,
       consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving any
       assets or class of capital stock of Devon or Ocean, as the case may be,
       or any acquisition of 10% or more of the capital stock of Devon or Ocean,
       as the case may be, or involving a business or assets that constitute 10%
       or more of the net revenues, net operating income or assets, taken as a
       whole, of Devon or Ocean, as the case may be, in a single transaction or
       a series of related transactions, or participate in any discussions or
       negotiations concerning such an acquisition proposal; and

     - will immediately cease any existing negotiations with any third parties
       with respect to any of the above transactions.

     As long as Devon or Ocean, as the case may be, (1) provides notice to the
other party within 24 hours that it has received an unsolicited request for
information or an acquisition proposal identifying the person requesting the
information or making the acquisition proposal and stating the material terms
and conditions of the acquisition proposal, and (2) continues to provide updates
to the other party as to material developments within 24 hours, Devon's and
Ocean's agreement regarding other acquisition proposals is subject to the
following exceptions:

     - Devon or Ocean, or Devon's or Ocean's board of directors, may respond
       publicly to a third-party tender offer as required by the federal
       securities laws;

     - Devon or Ocean, or Devon's or Ocean's board of directors, may make
       disclosures to its stockholders if, in the good faith judgment of its
       board of directors, the failure to make those disclosures would be
       inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law or stock
       exchange rules; and

     - Devon or Ocean, or Devon's or Ocean's board of directors, may provide
       information on a confidential basis to any person, or have negotiations
       or discussions with any person, who makes an

unsolicited bona fide acquisition proposal with respect to all of its
outstanding shares of capital stock or all or substantially all of its assets,
provided that:

      - Devon's or Ocean's board of directors, as the case may be, in good faith
        (1) after consultation with its financial advisors and taking into
        account the likelihood of consummation, determines that the acquisition
        proposal is reasonably likely to result in a transaction that is more
        favorable from a financial point of view to holders of Devon or Ocean
        common stock, as the case may be, than the merger, and (2) after
        consultation with its outside legal counsel, determines that the failure
        to respond to the information request or to engage in discussions would
        be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations under applicable law; and

      - neither Devon nor Ocean may not enter into any agreement, other than a
        confidentiality or standstill agreement permitted by the terms of the
        merger agreement, with respect to an acquisition proposal prior to the
        termination of the merger agreement.

     Withdrawal or Change of Recommendation to Stockholders.  Prior to obtaining
their respective stockholders' approval, Devon's or Ocean's board of directors
may (1) withdraw or adversely change its recommendation to stockholders to vote
for the issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement or
adoption of the merger agreement, as the case may be, or (2) recommend that
stockholders vote instead for a competing transaction, but only if the board
determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel,
that the failure to do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations
under applicable law. At least two business days prior to taking one of the two
actions described in the previous sentence, the party seeking to take the action
must provide to the other party written notice of its intention to take the
action so as to allow the other party to propose modifications to the merger
agreement designed to eliminate the need for the board of directors to take such
action.

     Devon or Ocean, as the case may be, will have an option, exercisable within
two business days after it receives written notice from the other party that its
board of directors has withdrawn or adversely changed its original
recommendation or recommended a competing transaction, to require the other
party to (1) submit to a vote the matter to be voted on by that party's
stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement and (2) disclose to that party's
stockholders the circumstances under which the matter is being submitted to a
vote. If Devon or Ocean, as the case may be, does not exercise this option, then
the other party may terminate the merger agreement upon payment of a termination
fee as described in the "-- Termination Fees and Expenses" section of this
document.

     Other Agreements Relating to the Period Before the Effective Time.  The
merger agreement contains additional agreements between Devon and Ocean relating
to, among other things:

     - the preparation, filing and distribution of this document and Devon's
       filing of the registration statement of which this document is a part;

     - convening and holding the Devon and Ocean stockholder meetings;

     - access to information respecting the other party;

     - cooperation regarding filings with governmental and other agencies and
       organizations;

     - using their reasonable best efforts to satisfy the conditions to closing;

     - each party refraining from, without the other party's prior written
       consent, committing to any divestitures, licenses, hold separate
       agreements or similar matters in connection with the merger, and each
       party committing and consenting to, and using its reasonable best efforts
       to, effect any divestiture, license, hold separate arrangement or similar
       matter that (1) is required by any regulatory body as a condition to
       resolving its objections to the merger or obtaining its approval of the
       merger and (2) would not reasonably be expected to have a material
       adverse effect on Devon or Ocean;

     - public announcements;

     - the listing on the American Stock Exchange of the Devon common stock to
       be issued in the merger;

     - actions or omissions that would result in the merger not qualifying as a
       reorganization under section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

     - the coordination of dividend record and payment dates so that Ocean
       stockholders do not fail to receive a dividend in any calendar quarter or
       receive dividends on both Ocean common stock and Devon common stock
       received in the merger in any calendar quarter. Since Ocean's board of
       directors already has declared a second quarter 2003 common stock cash
       dividend of $0.04 per share of Ocean common stock with a record date of
       April 10, 2003 and a payment date of April 24, 2003, Devon anticipates
       that if the merger is completed during the second calendar quarter of
       2003, Devon's common stock cash dividend for such quarter, if any, would
       have a record date prior to the effective time of the merger and a
       payment date after the merger is completed.

     Employee Benefits.  The merger agreement provides that Devon will honor
Ocean's employee benefit plans and commitments entered into prior to the date of
the merger agreement, provided that Devon may modify any such plan or commitment
in accordance with its terms subject to some exceptions for Ocean employees in
the United States.

     The merger agreement specifies that certain Ocean employees may be entitled
to severance benefits and certain other employee benefits as a result of the
merger under an existing Ocean severance plan. Devon has agreed that the
surviving corporation will not modify the Ocean severance plan with respect to
severance benefits and other employee benefits provided to Ocean employees as a
result of certain involuntary terminations of employment occurring on or prior
to the one year anniversary of the effective time of the merger.

     Devon has agreed that, until at least December 31, 2003, the surviving
corporation will maintain Ocean's medical, health, life and disability insurance
plans, and Ocean's deferred compensation and retirement plans, as in effect at
the effective time of the merger and, prior to January 1, 2004, will not amend
any of those plans to reduce any benefit provided. In addition, if Devon
materially modifies during 2004 the benefits of Ocean employees who become or
remain regular full-time employees of Devon, Devon has agreed to provide those
employees for the remainder of 2004 with benefits no less favorable than those
provided to similarly situated Devon employees. Ocean employees who become
participants in Devon's employee benefit plans will be given credit under the
plans for their prior service with Ocean for purposes of eligibility, vesting
and benefit determination, with some exceptions.

     Devon has agreed that the surviving corporation will not amend Ocean's
executive supplemental retirement plan in any manner that would adversely affect
the continued vesting of any Ocean employee in the United States that is a
member of the plan, and that each plan member will receive credit under the plan
for his or her service with the surviving corporation or Devon. In addition, if
the surviving corporation terminates the plan, Devon has agreed that each plan
member employed by the surviving corporation or Devon at the time the plan is
terminated will be fully vested in the plan upon its termination.

     Any non-qualified stock options that are (1) held by an Ocean officer or
employee whose service is terminated after the effective time of the merger and
who is eligible to receive severance benefits as a result of the termination and
(2) exercisable on the date of the individual's termination, will continue to be
exercisable during the one-year period following the individual's termination.

     Affiliate Agreements.  Ocean has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts
to cause its affiliates, as defined by Rule 145 under the Securities Act of
1933, to enter into written agreements prior to the

effective time of the merger that restrict their ability to sell, pledge,
transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares of Devon common stock issued to them
in connection with the merger:

     - in compliance with Rule 145 under the Securities Act of 1933;

     - pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
       of 1933; or

     - in reliance upon a written opinion of counsel delivered to Devon in a
       form and substance reasonably acceptable to Devon to the effect that such
       sale, pledge, transfer or other disposition is exempt from registration
       under the Securities Act of 1933.

     Indemnification and Insurance.  After the merger, Devon will cause the
surviving corporation to indemnify and hold harmless to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law each person who is, or has been at any time prior
to the effective time of the merger, an officer or director of Ocean or any
Ocean subsidiary or division and each person who served at the request of Ocean
as a director, officer, trustee or fiduciary of any other entity. Those persons
will be indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law against all losses,
including fees and expenses of counsel, arising out of or pertaining to actions
taken by them, or failures to act, while serving in those capacities, whether
claimed before or after the effective time of the merger. The rights to
indemnification for such persons in Ocean's certificate of incorporation, bylaws
and any indemnification agreement with respect to matters occurring through the
effective time of the merger will survive the merger and continue in full force
and effect for a period of six years after the merger.

     The surviving corporation will maintain directors' and officers' liability
insurance for six years after the effective time of the merger to cover persons
who are or were covered by Ocean's existing directors' and officers' liability
insurance policies at any time before the effective time of the merger. The
terms of the insurance will be substantially no less advantageous to such
persons than the existing insurance with respect to acts or omissions prior to
the effective time of the merger. However, the surviving corporation will not be
required to pay annual premiums in excess of 250% of the 2003 annual premium
paid by Ocean, but will be required to purchase as much coverage as reasonably
practicable for such amount. Devon has the right to cause Ocean's directors and
officers liability insurance to be extended by obtaining a six-year "tail"
policy on terms no less advantageous than Ocean's existing directors and
officers liability insurance.

TERMINATION

     Before the effective time of the merger, the merger agreement may be
terminated:

     - by mutual written consent of Devon and Ocean;

     - by Devon or Ocean, if:

      - the merger is not completed by September 30, 2003, so long as the party
        seeking to terminate did not prevent the merger from occurring by
        failing to perform or observe its obligations under the merger agreement
        in any material respect;

      - Devon's stockholders fail to approve at Devon's special meeting the
        issuance of shares of Devon common stock in the merger;

      - Ocean's stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement at Ocean's
        special meeting; or

      - there is a legal prohibition to completing the merger that has become
        final and non-appealable, so long as the party seeking termination has
        complied with its obligations under the merger agreement to attempt to
        remove the prohibition and otherwise used its reasonable best efforts to
        remove the prohibition;

     - by Devon, if Ocean breaches any of its representations, warranties or
       agreements in the merger agreement or if any of Ocean's representations
       or warranties becomes untrue resulting in a condition of the merger not
       being satisfied, and the breach is not curable or is not cured within

       30 days after written notice of the breach is given, provided that Devon
       is not also in material breach of the merger agreement;

     - by Ocean, if Devon breaches any of its representations, warranties or
       agreements in the merger agreement or if any of Devon's representations
       or warranties becomes untrue resulting in a condition of the merger not
       being satisfied, and the breach is not curable or is not cured within 30
       days after written notice of the breach is given, provided that Ocean is
       not also in material breach of the merger agreement;

     - by Devon, upon payment of the termination fee described below, if:

      - prior to the adoption by Ocean's stockholders of the merger agreement,
        Ocean's board of directors withdraws or changes in a manner adverse to
        Devon its recommendation to stockholders, or recommends that
        stockholders vote instead for a competing transaction, or resolves to do
        so, but Devon loses this right if (1) Devon exercises its option to
        require Ocean to submit the matter to a vote by Ocean's stockholders or
        (2) the withdrawal, adverse change, or recommendation of a competing
        transaction is no longer in effect because Devon and Ocean are
        proceeding with the transaction under modified terms; or

      - prior to the approval by Devon's stockholders of the issuance of shares
        of Devon common stock in the merger, (1) Devon's board of directors
        withdraws or changes in a manner adverse to Ocean its recommendation to
        stockholders, or recommends that stockholders vote instead for a
        competing transaction, or resolves to do so, (2) Ocean has the option to
        require Devon to submit the matter to a vote by Devon's stockholders and
        (3) Ocean does not exercise that option;

     - by Ocean, upon payment of the termination fee described below, if:

      - prior to the approval by Devon's stockholders of the issuance of shares
        of Devon common stock in the merger, Devon's board of directors
        withdraws or changes in a manner adverse to Ocean its recommendation to
        stockholders, or recommends that stockholders vote instead for a
        competing transaction, or resolves to do so, but Ocean loses this right
        if (1) Ocean exercises its option to require Devon to submit the matter
        to a vote by Devon's stockholders or (2) the withdrawal, adverse change,
        or recommendation of a competing transaction is no longer in effect
        because Devon and Ocean are proceeding with the transaction under
        modified terms; or

      - prior to the adoption by Ocean's stockholders of the merger agreement,
        (1) Ocean's board of directors withdraws or changes in a manner adverse
        to Devon its original recommendation to stockholders, or recommends that
        stockholders vote instead for a competing transaction, or resolves to do
        so, (2) Devon has the option to require Ocean to submit the matter to a
        vote by Ocean's stockholders and (3) Devon does not exercise that
        option.

TERMINATION FEES AND EXPENSES

     Termination Fees and Expenses Potentially Payable by Ocean.  Ocean has
agreed to pay Devon a $139 million termination fee and to reimburse Devon for
expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement up to a maximum of $10
million if:

     - Devon or Ocean terminates the merger agreement after Ocean's stockholders
       failed to adopt the merger agreement at a meeting duly convened for that
       purpose and, prior to such meeting, either (1) there was a public
       announcement of a competing transaction involving Ocean or (2) Ocean's
       board of directors withdrew or changed, in a manner adverse to Devon, its
       recommendation to its stockholders, or recommended that its stockholders
       vote instead for a competing transaction, and Devon elected to exercise
       its option to require a vote of Ocean's stockholders on the merger
       agreement; or

     - Devon or Ocean terminates the merger agreement before Ocean's
       stockholders adopt the merger agreement and after Ocean's board of
       directors withdraws or changes, in a manner adverse to Devon, its
       recommendation to its stockholders, or recommends that its stockholders
       vote instead for

       a competing transaction, and Devon does not elect to exercise its option
       to require a vote of Ocean's stockholders on the merger agreement.

     However, instead of the $139 million termination fee described above, Ocean
has agreed to pay Devon a $69.5 million termination fee (and to reimburse Devon
for expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement up to a maximum of
$10 million) if Devon or Ocean terminates the merger after (1) a competing
transaction involving Ocean is publicly announced, but Ocean's board of
directors does not withdraw or change, in a manner adverse to Devon, its
recommendation to stockholders, or recommend that stockholders vote instead for
a competing transaction, and (2) Ocean's stockholders fail to adopt the merger
agreement after this public announcement. If, within 12 months after the merger
agreement is terminated under those circumstances, Ocean agrees to merge with a
third party whereby Ocean is not the surviving corporation (or, if Ocean is the
surviving corporation, Ocean stockholders immediately prior to the merger hold
less than 50% of the voting stock of Ocean immediately after the merger), or a
third party acquires or agrees to acquire at least 50% of Ocean's voting stock
or assets, then Ocean must pay Devon an additional $69.5 million termination
fee.

     Ocean has agreed to reimburse Devon for expenses incurred in connection
with the merger agreement up to a maximum of $10 million if Devon or Ocean
terminates the merger after Ocean's stockholders fail to adopt the merger
agreement even though Ocean's board of directors has not withdrawn or changed,
in a manner adverse to Devon, its original recommendation to its stockholders,
or recommended that its stockholders vote instead for a competing transaction.

     Termination Fees and Expenses Potentially Payable by Devon.  Devon has
agreed to pay Ocean a $139 million termination fee and to reimburse Ocean for
expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement up to a maximum of $10
million if:

     - Devon or Ocean terminates the merger agreement after Devon's stockholders
       failed to approve the issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the
       merger agreement at a meeting duly convened for that purpose and, prior
       to such meeting, either (1) there was a public announcement of a
       competing transaction involving Devon or (2) Devon's board of directors
       withdrew or changed, in a manner adverse to Ocean, its recommendation to
       its stockholders, or recommended that its stockholders vote instead for a
       competing transaction, and Ocean elected to exercise its option to
       require a vote of Devon's stockholders on the issuance of Devon common
       stock pursuant to the merger agreement; or

     - Devon or Ocean terminates the merger agreement before Devon's
       stockholders approve the issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the
       merger agreement and after Devon's board of directors withdraws or
       changes, in a manner adverse to Ocean, its recommendation to its
       stockholders, or recommends that the stockholders vote instead for a
       competing transaction, and Ocean does not elect to exercise its option to
       require a vote of Devon's stockholders on the issuance of Devon common
       stock pursuant to the merger agreement.

     However, instead of the $139 million termination fee described above, Devon
has agreed to pay Ocean a $69.5 million termination fee (and to reimburse Ocean
for expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement up to a maximum of
$10 million) if Devon or Ocean terminates the merger after (1) a competing
transaction involving Devon is publicly announced, but Devon's board of
directors does not withdraw or change, in a manner adverse to Ocean, its
recommendation to stockholders, or recommend that stockholders vote instead for
a competing transaction, and (2) Devon's stockholders fail to approve the
issuance of Devon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement after this
public announcement. If, within 12 months after the merger agreement is
terminated under those circumstances, Devon agrees to merge with a third party
whereby Devon is not the surviving corporation (or, if Devon is the surviving
corporation, Devon stockholders immediately prior to the merger hold less than
50% of the voting stock of Devon immediately after the merger), or a third party
acquires or agrees to acquire at least 50% of Devon's voting stock or assets,
then Devon must pay Ocean an additional $69.5 million termination fee.

     Devon has agreed to reimburse Ocean for expenses incurred in connection
with the merger agreement up to a maximum of $10 million if Devon or Ocean
terminates the merger after Devon's stockholders fail to approve the issuance of
Devon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement even though Devon's board of
directors has not withdrawn or changed, in a manner adverse to Ocean, its
original recommendation to its stockholders, or recommended that its
stockholders vote instead for a competing transaction.

     Collection of Termination Fee.  If either party fails to promptly pay any
termination fee due and, in order to obtain payment, the other party commences a
suit that results in a judgment against the party owing the termination fee, the
party owing the termination fee must pay to the other party its costs and
expenses in connection with the suit, together with interest on the termination
fee from the date payment was required until the date such payment is made at
the annual prime lending rate of JPMorgan Chase Bank in effect on the date the
payment was required to be made, plus 1%.

     Other Expenses.  All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
merger agreement and related transactions will be paid by the party incurring
them, except that termination fees and expenses will be paid as described above.

AMENDMENT; EXTENSION AND WAIVER

     Amendment.  Subject to the next sentence, the merger agreement may be
amended at any time by the action or authorization of Devon's board of directors
and Ocean's board of directors. If the merger agreement has been approved by the
Devon stockholders and the Ocean's stockholders, then no amendment can be made
that by law requires the further approval of stockholders without obtaining such
further stockholder approval.

     Extension and Waiver.  At any time prior to the effective time of the
merger, each of Devon and Ocean may, to the extent permitted by law, (1) grant
the other party additional time to perform its obligations under the merger
agreement, (2) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of
the other party and (3) waive compliance with any agreements or conditions for
the benefit of that party.

            DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMBINED COMPANY

DIRECTORS

     Devon's charter divides Devon's board of directors into three classes. At
each annual meeting, Devon stockholders elect the members of one of the three
classes to three-year terms. Immediately following the merger, Devon and Ocean
expect that the board of directors of the combined company will consist of the
following 13 members:

                                                                 CURRENT BOARD   EXPIRATION
NAME                                                       AGE    MEMBERSHIP      OF TERM
- ----                                                       ---   -------------   ----------

Milton Carroll...........................................  52      Ocean            2005
Thomas F. Ferguson(1)....................................  66      Devon            2004
Peter J. Fluor...........................................  55      Ocean            2004
David M. Gavrin(2).......................................  68      Devon            2004
Michael E. Gellert(3)....................................  71      Devon            2004
John A. Hill.............................................  61      Devon            2005
Robert L. Howard.........................................  66      Ocean            2003
William J. Johnson.......................................  68      Devon            2005
Michael M. Kanovsky(4)...................................  54      Devon            2003
Charles F. Mitchell, M.D.................................  54      Ocean            2005
J. Todd Mitchell.........................................  44      Devon            2003
Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr. ................................  51      Devon            2005
J. Larry Nichols(5)......................................  60      Devon            2003

- ---------------

(1) Chairman of the Audit Committee.

(2) Chairman of the Compensation Committee.

(3) Chairman of the Nominating Committee.

(4) Mr. Kanovsky is currently a member of the class of directors whose terms
    expire in 2005. In order to even out the number of directors in each class,
    Mr. Kanovsky has agreed to resign as a member of that class at the effective
    time of the merger. At the effective time of the merger, Mr. Kanovsky will
    be appointed to serve as a member of the class of directors whose terms
    expire in 2003, and he is expected to be nominated and to run for election
    at Devon's 2003 annual stockholder meeting to serve as a member of the class
    of directors whose terms expire in 2006.

(5) Chairman of the Board.

     Milton Carroll has been an Ocean director since 1997. Mr. Carroll was
appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. in
2002. He has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
Instrument Products, Inc. since 1977. He also serves as Chairman of Health Care
Service Corporation and as a Director of TEPPCO Partners, L.P.

     Thomas F. Ferguson is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and has been a
Devon director since 1982. Mr. Ferguson is the Managing Director of United Gulf
Management Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Kuwait Investment Projects Company
KSC. He represents Kuwait Investment Projects Company on the boards of various
companies in which it invests, including Baltic Transit Bank in Latvia and Tunis
International Bank in Tunisia. Mr. Ferguson is a Canadian qualified Certified
General Accountant and was formerly employed by the Economist Intelligence Unit
of London as a financial consultant.

     Peter J. Fluor has been an Ocean director since 1980. Mr. Fluor has served
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Texas Crude Energy, Inc., a private
oil and gas company, since January 2001. From

1997 through 2000, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Texas Crude.
He also serves as Lead Independent Director of Fluor Corporation.

     David M. Gavrin is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee and has been
a Devon director since 1979. Mr. Gavrin has been a private investor since 1989
and is currently a Director of MetBank Holding Corporation and United American
Energy Corp., an independent power producer. From 1978 to 1988, he was a General
Partner of Windcrest Partners, a private investment partnership in New York
City, and, for 14 years prior to that, he was an officer of Drexel Burnham
Lambert Incorporated.

     Michael E. Gellert is the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and has been
a Devon director since 1971. Since 1967, Mr. Gellert has been a General Partner
of Windcrest Partners, a private investment partnership in New York City. From
January 1958 until his retirement in October 1989, Mr. Gellert served in
executive capacities with Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated and its
predecessors in New York City. In addition to serving as a member of Devon's
board of directors, Mr. Gellert serves on the boards of directors of High Speed
Access Corporation, Humana Inc., Seacor Smit Inc., Six Flags Inc., Travelers
Series Fund, Inc., Dalet Technologies and Smith Barney World Funds.

     John A. Hill has been a Devon director since 2000. Mr. Hill has been with
First Reserve Corporation, an oil and gas investment management company, since
1983 and is currently its Vice Chairman and Managing Director. Prior to joining
First Reserve Corporation, Mr. Hill was President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director of Marsh & McLennan Asset Management Company and served as the Deputy
Administrator of the Federal Energy Administration during the Ford
administration. Mr. Hill is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Putnam
Funds in Boston, a Trustee of Sarah Lawrence College, and a Director of
TransMontaigne Inc., various companies controlled by First Reserve Corporation
and Continuum Health Partners.

     Robert L. Howard has been an Ocean director since 1999 and served as a
Director of one of Ocean's predecessor entities between 1996 and 1999. Mr.
Howard retired in 1995 from his position as Vice President of Domestic
Operations, Exploration and Production, of Shell Oil Company. He is also a
Director of Southwestern Energy Company and McDermott International
Incorporated.

     William J. Johnson has been a Devon director since 1999. Mr. Johnson has
been a private consultant for the oil and gas industry for more than five years.
He is President and a Director of JonLoc Inc., an oil and gas company of which
he and his family are the only stockholders. Mr. Johnson has served as a
Director of Tesoro Petroleum Corp. since 1996. From 1991 to 1994, Mr. Johnson
was President, Chief Operating Officer and a Director of Apache Corporation.

     Michael M. Kanovsky has been a Devon director since 1998. Mr. Kanovsky was
a co-founder of Northstar Energy Corporation, Devon's Canadian subsidiary, and
served on Northstar's board of directors since 1982. He is President of Sky
Energy Corporation, a privately held energy corporation. Mr. Kanovsky continues
to be active in the Canadian energy industry and is currently a Director of ARC
Resources Ltd. and Bonavista Petroleum Ltd.

     Charles F. Mitchell, M.D., has been an Ocean director since 1999 and served
as a Director of one of Ocean's predecessor entities between 1995 and 1999. Dr.
Mitchell, a physician and surgeon, has been a Senior Partner of ENT Medical
Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana since 1985. Dr. Mitchell is involved in
numerous private investments.

     J. Todd Mitchell has been a Devon director since 2002. Mr. Mitchell served
on the board of directors of Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. from 1993 to
2002. He has served as president of GPM, Inc., a family-owned investment
company, since 1998. Mr. Mitchell has also served as President of Dolomite
Resources, Inc., a privately owned mineral exploration and investments company,
since 1987 and as Chairman of Rock Solid Images, a privately owned seismic data
analysis software company, since 1998.

     Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr., has been a Devon director since 1999. Mr.
Mosbacher has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Mosbacher
Energy Company since 1986 and has been Vice Chairman of Mosbacher Power Group
since 1995. He was previously a Director of PennzEnergy Company

and served on its Executive Committee. Mr. Mosbacher is currently a Director of
JPMorgan Chase and Company, Houston Regional Board, and is on the Executive
Committee of the U.S. Oil & Gas Association.

     J. Larry Nichols is a co-founder of Devon. Mr. Nichols was named Chairman
of the Board in 2000. He has been a Devon director since 1971 and its Chief
Executive Officer since 1980. Mr. Nichols has been President of Devon since 1976
and will continue to serve in that capacity until the effective time of the
merger. Mr. Nichols serves on the Board of Governors of the American Stock
Exchange. He serves as a Director of Smedvig ASA, Baker Hughes Incorporated and
several trade associations that are relevant to the conduct of Devon's business.
Mr. Nichols holds an undergraduate degree in geology from Princeton University
and a law degree from the University of Michigan.

     Devon expects that Robert B. Weaver, who is currently a Devon director,
will resign from Devon's board of directors at the effective time of the merger.
Mr. Weaver has been a Devon director since 1999.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     The following individuals will serve in their respective capacities as
executive officers of the combined company until their successors are duly
elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal:

                                                                                         CURRENT COMPANY
NAME                                        AGE     POSITION IN THE COMBINED COMPANY       AFFILIATION
- ----                                        ---     --------------------------------     ---------------

J. Larry Nichols..........................  60    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer     Devon
James T. Hackett..........................  49    President and Chief Operating Officer    Ocean
Brian J. Jennings.........................  42    Senior Vice President -- Corporate       Devon
                                                    Finance and Development
J. Michael Lacey..........................  57    Senior Vice President -- Exploration     Devon
                                                  and Production
Duke R. Ligon.............................  61    Senior Vice President & General          Devon
                                                  Counsel
Marian J. Moon............................  52    Senior Vice                              Devon
                                                  President -- Administration
John Richels..............................  52    Senior Vice President -- Canadian        Devon
                                                    Division
Darryl G. Smette..........................  55    Senior Vice President -- Marketing       Devon
William T. Vaughn.........................  56    Senior Vice President -- Finance         Devon
John D. Schiller, Jr. ....................  43    Vice President -- Exploration and        Ocean
                                                    Production

     See the "Directors and Executive Officers of the Combined
Company -- Directors" section of this document for information about J. Larry
Nichols.

     James T. Hackett has been President and Chief Executive Officer of Ocean
since March 1999 and Ocean's Chairman of the Board since January 2000. Mr.
Hackett served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Seagull Energy
Corporation from September 1998 until March 1999 and as its Chairman of the
Board from January 1999 to March 1999. He also served as Executive Vice
President of Pan Energy from January 1996 until its merger with Duke Power,
after which he served as Group President of Duke Energy until September 1998.
Mr. Hackett currently serves as a Director of New Jersey Resources, Kaiser
Aluminum Corporation, Temple-Inland, Inc. and Fluor Corporation. He is also
Chairman of the Domestic Petroleum Council and a member of the Policy Committee
of the American Petroleum Institute and the Society of Petroleum Engineers. Mr.
Hackett holds an undergraduate degree from the University of Illinois and a
master's degree in business administration from Harvard University.

     Brian J. Jennings was elected to the position of Senior Vice
President -- Corporate Development in July 2001. Mr. Jennings joined Devon in
March 2000 as Vice President -- Corporate Finance. Prior to joining Devon, Mr.
Jennings was a Managing Director in the Energy Investment Banking Group of
PaineWebber, Inc. He began his banking career at Kidder, Peabody in 1989 before
moving to Lehman

Brothers in 1992 and later to PaineWebber in 1997. Mr. Jennings specialized in
providing strategic advisory and corporate finance services to public and
private companies in the E&P and oilfield service sectors. He began his energy
career with ARCO International Oil & Gas, a subsidiary of Atlantic Richfield
Company. Mr. Jennings received his Bachelor of Science in Petroleum Engineering
from the University of Texas at Austin and his Master of Business Administration
from the University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business.

     J. Michael Lacey was elected to the position of Senior Vice
President -- Exploration and Production in 1999. Mr. Lacey joined Devon in 1989
as Vice President of Operations and Exploration. Prior to his employment with
Devon, Mr. Lacey served as General Manager for Tenneco Oil Company's Mid-
Continent and Rocky Mountain Divisions. He is a registered professional
engineer, and a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and the American
Association of Petroleum Geologists. Mr. Lacey holds undergraduate and graduate
degrees in petroleum engineering from the Colorado School of Mines.

     Duke R. Ligon was elected to the position of Senior Vice President &
General Counsel in 1999. Mr. Ligon had previously joined Devon as Vice President
& General Counsel in 1997. Prior to joining Devon, Mr. Ligon practiced energy
law for 12 years, most recently as a partner at the law firm of Mayer, Brown &
Platt (now known as Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw) in New York City. He has also
served as Senior Vice President and Managing Director for Investment Banking at
Bankers Trust Company in New York City for 10 years. Additionally, Mr. Ligon
served for three years in various positions with the U.S. Departments of the
Interior and Treasury, as well as the Department of Energy. Mr. Ligon holds an
undergraduate degree in chemistry from Westminister College and a law degree
from the University of Texas School of Law.

     Marian J. Moon was elected to the position of Senior Vice President --
Administration in 1999. Ms. Moon has been with Devon for 19 years, serving in
various capacities, including Manager of Corporate Finance. Prior to joining
Devon, Ms. Moon was employed for 11 years by Amarex, Inc., an Oklahoma City
based oil and natural gas production and exploration firm, where she served most
recently as Treasurer. Ms. Moon is a member of the American Society of Corporate
Secretaries. She is a graduate of Valparaiso University.

     John Richels was elected to the position of Senior Vice President --
Canadian Division in 2001. Prior to his election to Senior Vice President, Mr.
Richels held the position of Chief Executive Officer of Northstar Energy
Corporation, Devon's Canadian subsidiary. Mr. Richels served as Northstar's
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1996 to 1998 and was
on its board of directors from 1993 to 1996. Prior to joining Northstar, Mr.
Richels was Managing Partner, Chief Operating Partner and a member of the
Executive Committee of the Canadian-based national law firm, Bennett Jones. Mr.
Richels has previously served as a Director of a number of publicly traded
companies and is Vice-Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Canadian
Association of Petroleum Producers. He holds a bachelor's degree in economics
from York University and a law degree from the University of Windsor.

     Darryl G. Smette was elected to the position of Senior Vice
President -- Marketing in 1999. Mr. Smette previously held the position of Vice
President -- Marketing and Administrative Planning since 1989. He joined Devon
in 1986 as Manager of Gas Marketing. His marketing background includes 15 years
with Energy Reserves Group, Inc./BHP Petroleum (Americas), Inc., most recently
as Director of Marketing. Mr. Smette is an oil and gas industry instructor,
approved by the University of Texas Department of Continuing Education. He is a
member of the Oklahoma Independent Producers Association, Natural Gas
Association of Oklahoma and the American Gas Association. Mr. Smette holds an
undergraduate degree from Minot State College and a master's degree from Wichita
State University.

     William T. Vaughn was elected to the position of Senior Vice
President -- Finance in 1999. Mr. Vaughn previously served as Devon's Vice
President of Finance in charge of commercial banking functions, accounting, tax
and information services since 1987. Prior to that, he was Controller of Devon
from 1983 to 1987. Mr. Vaughn's previous experience includes employment with
Marion Corporation for two years, most recently as Controller, and employment
with Arthur Young & Co. for seven years, most recently as Audit Manager. He is a
Certified Public Accountant and a Member of the American Institute

of Certified Public Accountants. He is a graduate of the University of Arkansas
with a Bachelor of Science degree.

     John D. Schiller, Jr. was elected to the position of Executive Vice
President, Exploration and Production of Ocean in March 2002. He had previously
served as Executive Vice President, Operations since 2000 and Senior Vice
President, North America Onshore and International Operations from 1999 to 2000.
Mr. Schiller served as Senior Vice President, Operations of Seagull Energy
Corporation from 1998 until the merger of Seagull and Ocean. Before he joined
Seagull, Mr. Schiller was employed for 13 years by Burlington Resources, most
recently as Production Manager -- Gulf Coast Division from 1997 to 1998 and
Engineering Manager -- Offshore Division from 1994 to 1997. Mr. Schiller is a
Director of the Houston Producers' Forum and a member of the Society of
Petroleum Engineers, the American Petroleum Institute and the American
Association of Drilling Engineers. Mr. Schiller holds a degree in petroleum
engineering from Texas A&M and now serves as Chairman of the Texas A&M Petroleum
Engineering Advisory Board.

             DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION 2003 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

     The following is a summary of the material terms of the Devon Energy
Corporation 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan, a copy of which is attached to this
document as Annex E and is incorporated into this document by reference.

     Subject to approval by Devon stockholders, Devon's board of directors has
approved the Devon Energy Corporation 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan, which we
sometimes refer to in this document as the "new long-term incentive plan" or the
"plan." The plan is also conditioned on approval by Devon stockholders of the
issuance of shares of Devon common stock pursuant to the merger agreement and
completion of the merger.

     The new long-term incentive plan authorizes the compensation committee of
Devon's board of directors to grant nonqualified and incentive stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, performance units and
performance bonuses to selected employees. The plan also authorizes the grant of
nonqualified stock options and restricted stock awards to directors. A total of
12,500,000 shares of Devon common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant
to the plan.

     In 1997, Devon stockholders approved the Devon Energy Corporation 1997
Stock Option Plan, which reserved a total of two million shares of Devon common
stock to be issued to selected employees. The plan was subsequently amended,
with Devon stockholder approval, to increase the reserved number of shares to 10
million. As of March 19, 2003, a total of 1,277,618 shares remained available
for grant under the 1997 Plan; however, Devon will not grant any new awards
under the 1997 Plan following approval by Devon stockholders of the new
long-term incentive plan and completion of the merger. Upon completion of the
merger, the combined company will not grant any new awards under Ocean's
existing long-term incentive plans.

     Devon's board of directors recommends Devon stockholders vote FOR the
adoption of the Devon Energy Corporation 2003 Long-Term Incentive Plan.

PURPOSE AND KEY FEATURES OF THE PLAN

     The new long-term incentive plan is designed to accommodate the increased
employee base of the combined company expected to result from the merger. The
purpose of the plan is to create incentives designed to motivate employees of
the combined company to significantly contribute to the combined company's
growth and profitability. The shares available to be issued under the plan will
enable the combined company to attract and retain experienced employees who, by
their positions, abilities and diligence, are able to make important
contributions to the combined company's success.

     The plan is designed to provide flexibility to meet the needs of the
combined company for three to four years in a changing and competitive
environment while minimizing dilution to stockholders. Devon does not intend to
use all incentive vehicles (options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock
awards, performance units and performance bonuses) at all times for each
participant, but will selectively grant awards to achieve long-term goals.
Awards will be granted in such a way as to align the interests of participants
with those of the combined company's stockholders. Maximum individual awards as
designated by the plan will only be awarded if individual and company results
are such that exceptional stockholder value is achieved.

     Key features of the new long-term incentive plan include:

     - a prohibition against the repricing of stock options;

     - a prohibition against granting options with an exercise price less than
       the fair market value of Devon common stock on the date of grant;

     - of the 12,500,000 shares reserved for issuance under the plan, only
       2,500,000 may be granted as restricted stock, performance bonuses and
       performance units;

     - a maximum eight-year life for any award made under the plan;

     - the following award limits:

      - the maximum number of shares that may be awarded in the form of options
        and stock appreciation rights to an employee in any calendar year is
        400,000;

      - the maximum number of shares that may be awarded in the form of
        restricted stock awards and performance units to an employee in any
        calendar year is 200,000; and

      - the maximum performance bonus award payment to an employee is $2,500,000
        in any calendar year; and

     - the compensation committee (composed entirely of outside directors)
       administers the plan and the grant of options and restricted stock to
       Devon's executive officers.

ADMINISTRATION

     The new long-term incentive plan consists of three separate stock plans:

     - Non-executive officer plan: this aspect of the plan is limited to
       participants who are not subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange
       Act of 1934 because they are not executive officers of Devon. The
       non-executive officer plan is administered by the compensation committee.
       However, the compensation committee may, to the extent permitted by law,
       delegate authority to the regular award committee to administer the
       non-executive officer plan. Devon's chief executive officer and other
       individuals appointed by the compensation committee will comprise the
       regular award committee. Although the regular award committee may be
       authorized to administer the non-executive officer plan, it can only make
       awards within guidelines set by the compensation committee.

     - Executive officer plan: this aspect of the plan is limited to
       participants who are executive officers of Devon and who, therefore, are
       subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Securities
       Exchange Act of 1934. The executive officer plan is administered
       exclusively by the compensation committee.

      Except for administration and the category of participants eligible to
      receive awards, the terms of the non-executive officer plan and the
      executive officer plan are identical.

     - Non-employee director plan: this aspect of the plan is limited to
       non-employee directors of Devon and permits only grants of nonqualified
       stock options and restricted stock. Devon's board of directors is
       responsible for selection of non-employee directors for awards and for
       determination of the nature of the award. The compensation committee is
       responsible for the administration of awards granted to non-employee
       directors.

ELIGIBILITY FOR PARTICIPATION

     Employees of Devon and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities are
eligible to participate in the new long-term incentive plan. Subject to the
provisions of the plan, the compensation committee has exclusive power in
selecting participants. In addition, non-employee directors are eligible to
receive grants of nonqualified stock options and restricted stock awards under
the plan.

TYPES OF AWARDS

     The new long-term incentive plan provides that any or all of the following
types of awards may be granted:

     - nonqualified stock options and stock options intended to qualify as
       "incentive stock options" under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code;

     - stock appreciation rights;

     - restricted stock;

     - performance units; and

     - performance bonuses.

     Stock Options.  The compensation committee may grant awards under the plan
in the form of options to purchase shares of Devon common stock. The
compensation committee will have the authority to determine the terms and
conditions of each option, the number of shares subject to the option, and the
manner and time of the option's exercise. As of March 19, 2003, the aggregate
market value of Devon common stock underlying the options available for issuance
under the plan was $61,134,021.

     The exercise price of an option may not be less than the fair market value
of Devon common stock on the date of grant. The fair market value of shares of
common stock subject to options is determined by closing price as reported on
the American Stock Exchange. As of March 19, 2003, the closing price of Devon
common stock as reported on the American Stock Exchange was $47.85. A
participant may pay the exercise price of an option in cash, in shares of Devon
common stock or a combination of both; provided that the exercise price
(including required withholding taxes) may be paid using shares of Devon common
stock only to the extent such exercise would not result in a compensation
expense to Devon for financial accounting purposes. The compensation committee
may permit the exercise of stock options through a broker-dealer acting on a
participant's behalf if in accordance with procedures adopted by Devon to ensure
that the arrangement will not constitute a personal loan to the participant.
Unless sooner terminated, the stock options granted under the plan expire eight
years from the date of the grant.

     Stock Appreciation Rights.  A stock appreciation right permits an employee
to receive an amount (in cash, Devon common stock or a combination thereof)
equal to (1) the number of stock appreciation rights exercised by the employee
multiplied by (2)(a) the excess of the fair market value of Devon common stock
on the exercise date over (b) the stock appreciation rights' exercise price.
Stock appreciation rights may or may not be granted in connection with the grant
of an option. The exercise price of stock appreciation rights granted under the
plan will be determined by the compensation committee; provided, however, that
such exercise price cannot be less than the fair market value of a share of
Devon common stock on a date the stock appreciation right is granted. A stock
appreciation right may be exercised in whole or in such installments and at such
times as determined by the compensation committee.

     Restricted Stock Awards.  Shares of restricted stock awarded under the plan
will be subject to the terms, conditions, restrictions and/or limitations, if
any, that the compensation committee deems appropriate, including restrictions
on employment, transferability and continued employment. The compensation
committee may also restrict vesting to the attainment of specific performance
targets it establishes that are based upon one or more of the following
criteria:

     - Operational Criteria: reserve additions/replacements, finding and
       development costs, production volume and production costs.

     - Financial Criteria: earnings (net income, EBITDA, earnings per share),
       cash flow, operating income, general and administrative expenses, debt to
       equity ratio, debt to cash flow, debt to EBITDA, EBITDA to interest,
       return on assets, return on equity, return on invested capital, profit
       returns/margins and midstream margins.

     - Stock Performance Criteria: stock price appreciation, total stockholder
       return and relative stock price performance.

If vesting is based upon continued employment, the restricted stock award must
vest over a minimum restriction period of at least three years from the date of
grant. If vesting is based on performance, the restricted stock award must have
a minimum restriction period of at least one year.

     Performance Units.  The plan permits grants of performance units, which are
rights to receive cash or common stock payments based upon the achievement of
performance goals established by the compensation committee. Such awards are
subject to the fulfillment of conditions that may be established by the
compensation committee, including the achievement of performance targets based
upon the factors described above relating to restricted stock awards.

     Performance Bonus.  The plan permits grants of performance bonuses, which
may be paid in cash, Devon common stock or a combination thereof, as determined
by the compensation committee. The maximum value of performance awards granted
under the plan shall be established by the compensation committee at the time of
the grant. An employee's receipt of such amount will be contingent upon
achievement of performance targets during the performance period established by
the compensation committee. The performance targets will be determined by the
compensation committee based upon the factors described above relating to
restricted stock awards. Following the end of the performance period, the
compensation committee will determine the achievement of the performance targets
for such performance period. Payment may be made within 60 days of such
determination. Any payment made in shares of Devon common stock will be based
upon the fair market value of Devon common stock on the payment date. The
maximum amount of performance bonus awarded to a participant in any calendar
year is $2,500,000.

     Award Limitations.  Subject to certain adjustment provisions, the
compensation committee cannot grant options and stock appreciation rights with
respect to more than 400,000 shares of Devon common stock to any participant in
any calendar year. In addition, and subject to certain adjustment provisions, no
more than 200,000 shares of Devon common stock can be awarded to a participant
under the plan as restricted stock awards or performance units in any calendar
year.

TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

     The compensation committee will determine the treatment of a participant's
award in the event of death, disability, retirement or termination of employment
for an approved reason. If a participant's employment is terminated for any
other reason, all unvested awards will terminate (unless the participant's award
agreement provides otherwise) and the compensation committee will provide in the
award agreement the terms of exercise/payment of vested awards.

AMENDING THE NEW LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

     Devon's board of directors may amend the new long-term incentive plan at
any time. Devon's board of directors may not, however, without Devon stockholder
approval, (1) adopt any amendment that would increase the maximum number of
shares that may be issued under the plan (except for certain anti-dilutive
adjustments described in the "Automatic Adjustment Features" section of this
document), (2) materially modify the plan's eligibility requirements or (3)
materially increase the benefits provided to participants under the plan.
Amendments to award agreements that would have the effect of repricing
participants' options are prohibited.

CHANGE OF CONTROL EVENT

     The compensation committee is authorized to provide in the award agreements
for the acceleration of any unvested portion of any outstanding awards under the
plan upon a change of control event.

NEW PLAN BENEFITS

     To date, no awards have been made under the new long-term incentive plan.

AUTOMATIC ADJUSTMENT FEATURES

     The new long-term incentive plan provides for the automatic adjustment of
the number and kind of shares available under it, and the number and kind of
shares subject to outstanding awards in the event Devon common stock is changed
into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares of stock or other
securities of Devon or another corporation, or if the number of shares of Devon
common stock is increased through a stock dividend. The plan also provides that
the compensation committee may adjust the number of shares available under the
plan and the number of shares subject to any outstanding awards if, in the
compensation committee's opinion, any other change in the number or kind of
shares of outstanding Devon common stock equitably requires such an adjustment.

U.S. FEDERAL TAX TREATMENT

     Incentive Stock Option Grant/Exercise.  A participant who is granted an
incentive stock option does not realize any taxable income at the time of the
grant or at the time of exercise (except for alternative minimum tax).
Similarly, Devon is not entitled to any deduction at the time of grant or at the
time of exercise. If the participant makes no disposition of the shares acquired
pursuant to an incentive stock option before the later of two years from the
date of grant of such option or one year from the date of exercise of such
shares to the participant, any gain or loss realized on a subsequent disposition
of the shares will be treated as a long-term capital gain or loss. Under such
circumstances, Devon will not be entitled to any deduction for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.

     Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant/Exercise.  A participant who is granted a
non-qualified stock option does not have taxable income at the time of grant.
Taxable income occurs at the time of exercise in an amount equal to the
difference between the exercise price of the shares and the market value of the
shares on the date of exercise. Devon is entitled to a corresponding deduction
for the same amount.

     Restricted Stock Award.  A participant who has been granted an award in the
form of restricted stock will not realize taxable income at the time of the
grant, and Devon will not be entitled to a deduction at the time of the grant,
assuming that the restrictions constitute a substantial risk of forfeiture for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. When such restrictions lapse, the participant
will receive taxable income (and have tax basis in the shares) in an amount
equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares at such time over the
amount, if any, paid for such shares. Devon will be entitled to a corresponding
deduction. The participant may elect to include the value of his restricted
stock award as income at the time it is granted under Section 83(b) of the Code,
and Devon will take a corresponding income tax deduction at such time.

     Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.  Section 162(m) of the Code
precludes a public corporation from taking a deduction for annual compensation
in excess of $1 million paid to its chief executive officer or any of its four
other highest-paid officers. However, compensation that qualifies under Section
162(m) of the Code as "performance-based" is specifically exempt from the
deduction limit. Based on Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations
thereunder, Devon's ability to deduct compensation income generated in
connection with the exercise of stock options or stock appreciation rights
granted under the plan should not be limited by Section 162(m) of the Code.
Further, Devon believes that compensation income generated in connection with
performance awards granted under the plan should not be limited by Section
162(m) of the Code. The plan has been designed to provide flexibility with
respect to whether restricted stock awards or performance bonuses will qualify
as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code and,
therefore, be exempt from the deduction limit. If the vesting restrictions
relating to such awards are based solely upon the satisfaction of one of the
performance goals set forth in the plan, then Devon believes that the
compensation expense relating to such an award will be deductible by Devon if
the awards become vested. However, compensation expense deductions relating to
such awards will be subject to the Section 162(m) deduction limitation if such
awards become vested based upon any other criteria set forth in such award (such
as the occurrence of a change in control or vesting based upon continued
employment with Devon).

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION

     The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2002 about
Devon common stock that may be issued under Devon's equity compensation plans.

                                                                                             COLUMN C
                                                                                       --------------------
                                                                                       NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                COLUMN A              COLUMN B         REMAINING AVAILABLE
                                          --------------------   -------------------   FOR FUTURE ISSUANCE
                                          NUMBER OF SECURITIES    WEIGHTED-AVERAGE         UNDER EQUITY
                                           TO BE ISSUED UPON      EXERCISE PRICE OF     COMPENSATION PLANS
                                              EXERCISE OF            OUTSTANDING            (EXCLUDING
                                          OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,    OPTIONS, WARRANTS    SECURITIES REFLECTED
PLAN CATEGORY                             WARRANTS AND RIGHTS        AND RIGHTS            IN COLUMN(A)
- -------------                             --------------------   -------------------   --------------------

Equity compensation plans approved by
  security holders......................       7,799,000               $41.01               1,285,000(1)
Equity compensation plans not approved
  by security holders...................              --                   --                      --
                                               ---------               ------               ---------
Total(2)................................       7,799,000               $41.01               1,285,000
                                               =========               ======               =========

- ---------------

(1) Of these shares, a maximum of 48,000 may be issued in the form of restricted
    stock.

(2) As of December 31, 2002, options to purchase an aggregate of 3,432,000
    shares of Devon common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $41.00
    were outstanding under the following equity compensation plans, which
    options were assumed in connection with merger and acquisition transactions:
    Santa Fe Energy Resources Incentive Compensation Plan 2000, Pennzoil Company
    1997 Incentive Plan, Pennzoil Company 1997 Stock Option Plan, Mitchell
    Energy & Development Corp. 1995 Stock Option Plan, Santa Fe Energy
    Resources, Inc. 1995 Incentive Stock Compensation Plan, Pennzoil Company
    1990 Stock Option Plan, Santa Fe Energy Resources 1990 Incentive Stock
    Compensation Plan, Snyder Oil Corporation 1990 Stock Plan for non-Employee
    Directors, Pennzoil Company 1995 Stock Option Plan, Pennzoil Company 1992
    Stock Option Plan, Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. 1999 Stock Option
    Plan, Santa Fe Snyder Corporation 1999 Stock Compensation Retention Plan,
    PennzEnergy Company 1998 Incentive Plan, and Pennzoil Company 1998 Stock
    Option Plan. No further grants or awards will be made under the assumed
    equity compensation plans, and the options under these equity compensation
    plans are not reflected in the table above. Devon will assume each of
    Ocean's long-term incentive plans at the effective time of the merger. As of
    March 17, 2003, options to purchase an aggregate of 19,256,987 shares of
    Ocean common stock (the equivalent of 7,972,393 shares of Devon common stock
    based on the 0.414 exchange ratio) having a weighted average exercise price
    of about $16.39 per share were outstanding under those plans. Upon
    completion of the merger, the combined company will not grant any new equity
    awards under Ocean's existing long-term incentive plans.

DEVON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

  Summary Compensation Table

     The following table sets forth information regarding annual and long-term
compensation during 2000, 2001 and 2002 for the CEO and the four most highly
compensated executive officers, other than the CEO, who were serving as
executive officers of Devon on December 31, 2002.

                                                                                 LONG-TERM
                                                      ANNUAL COMPENSATION     COMPENSATION(1)
                                                     ---------------------   -----------------
                                                                             AWARDS OF OPTIONS    ALL OTHER
NAME                    PRINCIPAL POSITION    YEAR    SALARY      BONUS        (# OF SHARES)     COMPENSATION
- ----                   --------------------   ----   --------   ----------   -----------------   ------------

J. Larry Nichols.....  Chairman, President    2002   $715,000   $1,500,000        105,000          $11,000(2)
                         and CEO              2001    650,000    1,000,000        105,000           10,200(2)
                                              2000    600,000    1,000,000         70,000           10,200(2)
Brian J. Jennings....  Senior Vice            2002    325,000      400,000         53,000           16,000(3)
                       President
                                              2001    275,000      275,000         53,000           10,729(3)
                                              2000    225,000      112,500         50,000(4)         9,029(2)
J. Michael Lacey.....  Senior Vice            2002    400,000      487,500         53,000           11,000(2)
                       President
                                              2001    350,000      325,000         53,000           10,200(2)
                                              2000    325,000      300,000         35,000           10,200(2)
Darryl G. Smette.....  Senior Vice            2002    400,000      487,500         53,000           43,385(3)
                       President
                                              2001    350,000      325,000         53,000           14,238(3)
                                              2000    300,000      300,000         35,000           10,200(2)
William T. Vaughn....  Senior Vice            2002    325,000      400,000         53,000           35,838(3)
                       President
                                              2001    290,000      275,000         53,000           13,546(3)
                                              2000    275,000      250,000         35,000           10,200(2)

- ---------------

(1) No awards of restricted stock or payments under long-term incentive plans
    were made by Devon to any of the named executives in any periods covered by
    the table.

(2) Consists of company matching contributions to the Devon Energy Incentive
    Savings Plan.

(3) Consists of company matching contributions to the Devon Energy Incentive
    Savings Plan and the Devon Energy Deferred Compensation Savings Plan.

(4) Mr. Jennings received a one-time stock option award of 25,000 shares when he
    joined Devon in March 2000 in addition to his annual grant in November 2000.

  Option Grants in 2002

     The following table sets forth information concerning options to purchase
Devon common stock granted in 2002 to the five individuals named in the Summary
Compensation Table. The material terms of such options appear in the following
table and the footnotes thereto.

                                                          INDIVIDUAL GRANTS
                             ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           PERCENT OF
                             OPTIONS      TOTAL OPTIONS    EXERCISE PRICE   EXPIRATION      GRANT DATE
NAME                         GRANTED     GRANTED IN 2002    PER SHARE(1)       DATE      PRESENT VALUE(2)
- ----                         -------     ---------------   --------------   ----------   ----------------

J. Larry Nichols...........  105,000(3)        3.7%            $46.09       12/2/2012       $1,716,750
Brian J. Jennings..........   53,000(3)        1.9%             46.09       12/2/2012          866,550
J. Michael Lacey...........   53,000(3)        1.9%             46.09       12/2/2012          866,550
Darryl G. Smette...........   53,000(3)        1.9%             46.09       12/2/2012          866,550
William T. Vaughn..........   53,000(3)        1.9%             46.09       12/2/2012          866,550

- ---------------

(1) Exercise Price is the closing price of Devon common stock as reported by the
    American Stock Exchange on the date of grant.

(2) The Grant Date Present Value is an estimation of the possible future value
    of the option based upon the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. The
    following assumptions were used in the model: volatility (a measure of the
    historic variability of a stock price) -- 41.1%; risk-free interest rate
    (the interest paid by zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining
    term equal to the expected life of the options) -- 3.1% per annum; annual
    dividend yield -- 0.4%; and expected life of the options -- five years from
    grant date. The option value estimated using this model does not necessarily
    represent the value to be realized by the named officers.

(3) These options were granted as of December 2, 2002. 20% of such grant was
    immediately vested and exercisable. An additional 20% of such grant becomes
    vested and exercisable on each of the next four anniversary dates of the
    original grant.

  Aggregate Option Exercises in 2002 and Year-End Option Values

     The following table sets forth information for the five individuals named
in the Summary Compensation Table concerning the exercise of options to purchase
Devon common stock in 2002 and unexercised options to purchase Devon common
stock held at December 31, 2002.

                                                                                          VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                             NUMBER OF                      NUMBER OF UNEXERCISED         IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS
                              SHARES                         OPTIONS AT 12/31/02             AT 12/31/02(1)
                           ACQUIRED UPON      VALUE      ---------------------------   ---------------------------
NAME                         EXERCISE      REALIZED(2)   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE   EXERCISABLE   UNEXERCISABLE
- ----                       -------------   -----------   -----------   -------------   -----------   -------------

J. Larry Nichols.........     40,000        $531,400       431,000        147,000      $5,692,675      $696,150
J. Michael Lacey.........         --              --       107,036         74,200         737,047       351,390
Darryl G. Smette.........         --              --       197,900         74,200       2,408,006       351,390
William T. Vaughn........     10,000         403,950       196,400         74,200       2,305,288       351,390
Brian J. Jennings........         --              --        71,800         84,200         297,385       351,390

- ---------------

(1) The value is based on the aggregate amount of the excess of $45.90 (the
    closing price as reported by the American Stock Exchange for December 31,
    2002) over the relevant exercise price for outstanding options that were
    exercisable and in-the-money at year-end.

(2) The value is based on the excess of the market price over the relevant
    exercise price for the options exercised.

  Employment Agreements

     A small number of Devon's senior executives, including the five individuals
named in the Summary Compensation Table, are entitled to certain additional
compensation under the following events:

     (1) employment with Devon is involuntarily terminated other than for
         "Cause;" or

     (2) employee voluntarily terminates for "Good Reason", as those terms are
         defined in each of the officer's employment agreements.

In either case, the payment due to the officer would be equal to three times the
officer's annual compensation. In addition, the employment agreement provides
for the officer to receive the same basic health and welfare benefits that he or
she would otherwise be entitled to receive if he or she were an employee of
Devon for three years after termination. If the officer is terminated within two
years of a "change in control," he or she is also entitled to an additional
three years of service credit and age in determining eligibility for retiree
medical and supplemental retirement benefits. "Change of control" is defined in
the employment agreements the same as in the retirement plans described below.

  Retirement Plans

     Devon has three employee retirement plans, as follows:

            Basic Plan........   The Basic Plan is a qualified defined benefit
                                 retirement plan which provides benefits based
                                 upon employment service with

                                 Devon. Each eligible employee who retires is
                                 entitled to receive annual retirement income,
                                 computed as a percentage of "final average
                                 compensation" (which consists of the average of
                                 the highest three consecutive years' salaries,
                                 wages, and bonuses out of the last ten years),
                                 and credited years of service up to 25 years.
                                 Contributions by employees are neither required
                                 nor permitted under the Basic Plan. Benefits
                                 are computed based on straight-life annuity
                                 amounts and are reduced by Social Security
                                 benefits. Benefits under the Basic Plan are
                                 reduced for certain highly compensated
                                 employees in order to comply with certain
                                 requirements of the Employment Retirement
                                 Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal
                                 Revenue Code.

                                 The following table sets forth the credited
                                 years of service as of December 31, 2002 under
                                 Devon's Basic Plan for each of the five
                                 individuals named in the Summary Compensation
                                 Table.

                                                                                  CREDITED YEARS
                                          NAME OF INDIVIDUAL                        OF SERVICE
                                          ------------------                      --------------

                                          J. Larry Nichols.....................         25
                                          J. Michael Lacey.....................         14
                                          Brian J. Jennings....................          3
                                          Darryl G. Smette.....................         16
                                          William T. Vaughn....................         19

            Benefit
            Restoration
            Plan..............   The Benefit Restoration Plan is a non-qualified
                                 retirement benefit plan, the purpose of which
                                 is to restore retirement benefits for certain
                                 selected key management and highly compensated
                                 employees because their annual compensation is
                                 greater than the maximum annual compensation
                                 that can be considered in computing their
                                 benefits under the Basic Plan. An employee must
                                 be selected by Devon's Compensation and Stock
                                 Option Committee in order to be eligible for
                                 participation in the Benefit Restoration Plan.
                                 All other provisions of the Benefit Restoration
                                 Plan mirror those of the Basic Plan. All of the
                                 five individuals named in the Summary
                                 Compensation Table have been selected to
                                 participate in the Benefit Restoration Plan.
                                 The Benefit Restoration Plan has been
                                 informally funded through a rabbi trust
                                 arrangement.

            Supplemental
            Retirement Plan...   The Supplemental Retirement Plan is another
                                 non-qualified retirement plan for a small group
                                 of Devon executives, the purpose of which is to
                                 provide additional retirement benefits for
                                 long-service executives. The plan vests after
                                 10 years of service and provides retirement
                                 income equal to 65% of the executive's final
                                 average compensation, multiplied by a fraction,
                                 the numerator of which is his credited years of
                                 service (not to exceed 20) and the denominator
                                 of which is 20 (or less, if so determined by
                                 the Compensation and Stock Option Committee),
                                 less any offset amounts. Offset amounts are (1)
                                 benefits payable under the Basic Plan, (2)
                                 benefits payable under the Benefit Restoration
                                 Plan, (3) benefits due to the participant under
                                 Social Security, and (4) any benefits paid to
                                 the participant under Devon's long-term
                                 disability plan.

                                 In general, benefits will be paid under the
                                 Supplemental Retirement Plan when the
                                 participant retires from Devon. However, in the
                                 event that the executive's employment with
                                 Devon is terminated under conditions that
                                 qualify him or her to a severance benefit under
                                 the Employment Agreement (see above), then the
                                 executive will be 100% vested in his or her
                                 benefit and entitled to receive the actuarial
                                 equivalent of such benefit earned as of the
                                 date of termination of employment. If the
                                 executive is terminated within two years
                                 following a "change of control," his or her
                                 benefit will be paid in a single lump sum
                                 payment. Otherwise, the benefit will be paid
                                 monthly for the life of the executive. "Change
                                 of control" is defined as the date on which one
                                 of the following occurs: (1) an entity or group
                                 acquires 30% or more of Devon's outstanding
                                 voting securities, (2) the incumbent board
                                 ceases to constitute at least a majority of
                                 Devon's board, or (3) a merger, reorganization
                                 or consolidation is consummated, after
                                 stockholder approval, unless (a) substantially
                                 all of the stockholders prior to the
                                 transaction continue to own more than 50% of
                                 the voting power after the transaction, (b) no
                                 person owns 30% or more of the combined voting
                                 securities, and (c) the incumbent board
                                 constitutes at least a majority of the board
                                 after the transaction. The Supplemental
                                 Retirement Plan is also informally funded
                                 through a rabbi trust arrangement.

     The following table shows the estimated aggregate annual retirement
benefits payable under the Basic Plan, the Benefit Restoration Plan and the
Supplemental Retirement Plan to the participants therein, including the five
individuals named in the Summary Compensation Table. The amount presented
assumes a normal retirement in 2002 at age 65.

                                                        YEARS OF SERVICE
FINAL AVERAGE                              -------------------------------------------
COMPENSATION                                  5          10         15      20 OR MORE
- -------------                              --------   --------   --------   ----------

$  500,000...............................  $ 76,642   $153,284   $229,926   $  306,568
   600,000...............................    92,892    185,784    278,676      371,568
   700,000...............................   109,142    218,284    327,426      436,568
   800,000...............................   125,392    250,784    376,176      501,568
   900,000...............................   141,642    283,284    424,926      566,568
 1,000,000...............................   157,892    315,784    473,676      631,568
 1,500,000...............................   239,142    478,284    717,426      956,568
 2,000,000...............................   320,392    640,784    961,176    1,281,568

  Director Compensation

     Non-management directors of Devon receive:

     - an annual retainer of $40,000, payable quarterly;

     - $2,000 for each board meeting attended; directors participating in a
       telephonic meeting receive a fee of $1,000;

     - an additional $3,000 per year for serving as chairmen of a standing
       committee of Devon's board of directors;

     - $2,000 for each committee meeting attended that requires separate travel;
       and

     - $1,000 for each committee meeting that does not require separate travel.

     Non-management directors are eligible to receive stock options in addition
to their cash remuneration. Such directors are eligible to receive stock option
grants of up to 3,000 shares immediately after each annual meeting of
stockholders at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of Devon common
stock on that date. Any unexercised options will expire ten years after the date
of grant. The Compensation and Stock Option Committee, which awards options to
non-management directors, may elect to grant awards that are less than the 3,000
shares maximum. However, the Compensation and Stock Option Committee has no
other discretion regarding the award of stock options to non-management
directors. The directors were eligible to receive stock options beginning in
1997. The following table sets forth information concerning options granted to
non-management directors in 2002:

                           INDIVIDUAL GRANTS IN 2002

                                             PERCENT OF
                               OPTIONS      TOTAL OPTIONS    EXERCISE PRICE   EXPIRATION      GRANT DATE
NAME                          GRANTED(1)   GRANTED IN 2002    PER SHARE(2)       DATE      PRESENT VALUE(3)
- ----                          ----------   ---------------   --------------   ----------   ----------------

Thomas F. Ferguson..........    3,000            0.1%            $49.91       5/16/2012        $60,759
David M. Gavrin.............    3,000            0.1%             49.91       5/16/2012         60,759
Michael E. Gellert..........    3,000            0.1%             49.91       5/16/2012         60,759
John A. Hill................    3,000            0.1%             49.91       5/16/2012         60,759
William J. Johnson..........    3,000            0.1%             49.91       5/16/2012         60,759
Michael M. Kanovsky.........    3,000            0.1%             49.91       5/16/2012         60,759
Robert A. Mosbacher, Jr. ...    3,000            0.1%             49.91       5/16/2012         60,759
J. Todd Mitchell............    3,000            0.1%             49.91       5/16/2012         60,759
Robert B. Weaver............    3,000            0.1%             49.91       5/16/2012         60,759

- ---------------

(1) The options were granted on May 16, 2002, and immediately became vested and
    exercisable.

(2) Exercise price is the fair market value on the date of grant, which is the
    closing price of Devon common stock on the American Stock Exchange.

(3) The grant date present value is an estimation of the possible future value
    of the option grant based upon the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. The
    following assumptions were used in the model: volatility (a measure of the
    historic variability of a stock price) -- 40.0%; risk-free interest rate
    (the interest paid by zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining
    term equal to the expected life of the options) -- 4.2% per annum; annual
    dividend yield -- 0.4%; and expected life of the options -- five years from
    grant date. The option value estimated using this model does not necessarily
    represent the value to be realized by the named directors.

  Compensation Committee Interlocks

     Devon's compensation committee is composed of four independent,
non-employee directors, Messrs. Gavrin, Gellert, Hill and Johnson. These
directors have no interlocking relationships as defined by the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

                   MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

     The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax
considerations of the merger that are applicable to Ocean stockholders. This
summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code, referred to as the "Code", its
legislative history, applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, judicial authority
and administrative rulings and practice, all as of the date of this document,
all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. This
summary does not purport to be a complete discussion of all U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the merger. The discussion below does not address any state,
local or foreign tax consequences of the merger. In addition, this discussion
may not apply, in whole or in part, to particular stockholders, such as
individuals who hold options in respect of Ocean stock or who have acquired
Ocean common stock under a compensatory or other employment-related arrangement,
insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions or
broker-dealers, persons who are neither citizens nor residents of the United
States, traders in securities that elect to mark-to-market, and persons who hold
Ocean stock as part of a hedge, straddle or conversion transaction. The
following discussion assumes that Ocean stock is held as a capital asset at the
effective time of the merger. Ocean stockholders should be aware that the Code
contains limitations on the extent to which a stockholder may deduct capital
losses from ordinary income, and that the federal income tax rate for individual
stockholders on long-term capital gains may be significantly lower than the rate
imposed on ordinary income or short-term capital gains.

     The discussion under this "Material Federal Income Tax Considerations"
section of this document regarding (1) the tax consequences of the merger to the
corporate parties to the reorganization is the opinion of Mayer, Brown, Rowe &
Maw (counsel to Devon) and (2) the tax consequences of the merger to Ocean and
Ocean stockholders is the opinion of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. (counsel to Ocean),
in each case subject to the limitations and qualifications referenced in the
discussion.

     Ocean stockholders are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the
particular tax consequences of the merger to them, including the applicability
and effect of any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign laws, and the effect of
possible changes in applicable tax laws.

GENERAL

     It is a condition to closing of the merger that (1) Devon receive an
opinion of its counsel, Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw, to the effect that (a) the
merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization
within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Code, and (b) no gain or loss will
be recognized by any corporation which is a party to the reorganization, and (2)
Ocean receive an opinion of its counsel, Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., to the effect
that (a) the merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
reorganization within the meaning of section 368(a) of the Code, and (b) no gain
or loss will be recognized by Ocean or Ocean stockholders to the extent that
they receive Devon common stock in exchange for shares of Ocean common stock in
the merger. The opinions of counsel will assume that (1) the statements and
facts concerning the merger set forth in the merger agreement and described in
this document, other than in this "Material Federal Income Tax Considerations"
section of this document, are true, correct and complete, and (2) the merger
will be consummated in the manner contemplated by, and in accordance with the
terms set forth in, the merger agreement and described in this document. In
addition, the tax opinions will be based on factual representations made by
Devon and Ocean. If the tax opinions to be delivered as of the closing are
materially different from the opinions respecting the federal income tax
considerations expressed in this "Material Federal Income Tax Considerations"
section of this document, Devon and Ocean would not effect the merger without
recirculating this document after revising this discussion appropriately and
resoliciting the approvals of their stockholders.

     Neither Devon nor Ocean has requested nor will request an advance ruling
from the Internal Revenue Service as to the tax consequences of the merger, and
there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the
conclusions in the above-described opinions or in the discussion below. The

discussion below assumes that the merger qualifies as a reorganization within
the meaning of section 368(a) of the Code.

TAX TREATMENT OF CORPORATE PARTIES TO THE REORGANIZATION AND OF OCEAN COMMON
STOCKHOLDERS

     Based on, and subject to the limitations in, the foregoing:

     No corporate party to the merger, including Ocean, will recognize gain or
loss as a result of the merger.

     Except with respect to any cash received instead of fractional shares of
Devon common stock, an Ocean common stockholder will not recognize any gain or
loss as a result of the receipt of shares of Devon common stock in the merger.
An Ocean common stockholder's aggregate tax basis for the shares of Devon common
stock received in the merger, including any fractional share interest for which
cash is received, will equal the stockholder's aggregate tax basis in shares of
Ocean common stock held immediately before the effective time of the merger. An
Ocean common stockholder's holding period for the shares of Devon common stock
received in the merger, including any fractional share interest for which cash
is received, will include the period during which the shares of Ocean common
stock were held.

     An Ocean common stockholder who receives cash instead of a fractional share
of Devon common stock in the merger will generally recognize capital gain or
loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash received
and the stockholder's adjusted tax basis allocable to such fractional share.

TAX TREATMENT OF OCEAN CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCKHOLDERS

     Based on, and subject to the limitations in, the foregoing:

     The federal income tax consequences of the merger to Ocean convertible
preferred stockholders are not clear. Under analogous legal authorities, the
automatic substitution, at the effective time of the merger, of Devon common
stock for Ocean common stock under the terms of the conversion provision of the
Ocean convertible preferred stock would not constitute an issuance of new
preferred stock pursuant to the merger agreement. Under this approach, no gain
or loss would be recognized by an Ocean convertible preferred stockholder as a
result of the merger. A subsequent conversion of the Ocean convertible preferred
stock may, however, be a taxable transaction on which gain or loss would be
recognized based upon the difference in the value of the Devon common stock
received in the conversion and the stockholder's basis in the converted Ocean
convertible preferred stock.

     No assurance can be given that the Internal Revenue Service will not
challenge this nonrecognition approach to the merger or that such a challenge
will not be successful. Specifically, the Internal Revenue Service could assert
that the automatic substitution, at the effective time of the merger, of Devon
common stock for Ocean common stock under the terms of the conversion provision
of the Ocean convertible preferred stock constitutes a taxable exchange. In such
an exchange, an Ocean convertible preferred stockholder would recognize gain or
loss equal to the difference between the value of the Ocean convertible
preferred stock immediately after the effective time of the merger and the Ocean
convertible preferred stockholder's basis in the Ocean convertible preferred
stock immediately prior to the effective time of the merger.

     An Ocean convertible preferred stockholder that exercises the conversion
option prior to the effective time of the merger will not recognize gain or loss
upon the receipt of Ocean common stock pursuant to the conversion, except that
the portion of such Ocean common stock which is attributable to accrued unpaid
dividends, if any, on the convertible preferred stock will be treated as a
taxable dividend. Except with respect to any cash received instead of fractional
shares of Devon common stock, such convertible preferred stockholder will not
recognize gain or loss as a result of the receipt of shares of Devon common
stock in exchange for its Ocean common stock in the merger.

     The merger will be a taxable event for an Ocean convertible preferred
stockholder that perfects its appraisal rights under Delaware law and receives
cash in exchange for the stockholder's convertible preferred shares.

BACKUP WITHHOLDING; INFORMATION REPORTING

     The cash payments due to a stockholder on the exchange of stock in the
merger, other than certain exempt persons or entities, will be subject to
"backup withholding" for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless certain
requirements are met. Devon or a third-party paying agent, as the case may be,
must withhold 30% of the cash payments to a stockholder, unless the stockholder
(1) is a corporation or comes within certain other exempt categories and, when
required, demonstrates this fact, or (2) provides the stockholder's taxpayer
identification number and completes a form in which the stockholder certifies
that the stockholder has not been notified by the Internal Revenue Service that
the stockholder is subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to
report interest and dividends. The taxpayer identification number of an
individual is his or her Social Security number. A broker will not, however, be
required to backup withhold with respect to the exchange of fractional shares of
stock resulting in less than $20 of gross proceeds. An amount paid as backup
withholding will be credited against the stockholder's U.S. federal income tax
liability. Stockholders must also comply with the information reporting
requirements of the Treasury regulations under the tax-free reorganization
provisions of the Code. Appropriate documentation for the foregoing purposes
will be provided to Ocean common stockholders by the exchange agent.

            COMPARISON OF THE RIGHTS OF OCEAN AND DEVON STOCKHOLDERS

     The rights of Ocean stockholders are currently governed by Delaware law,
Ocean's certificate of incorporation, as amended, Ocean's bylaws and Ocean's
stockholder rights plan. Upon completion of the merger, Ocean common
stockholders will become Devon common stockholders and their rights as Devon
common stockholders will be governed by Delaware law, Devon's restated
certificate of incorporation, as amended, Devon's amended and restated bylaws
and Devon's stockholder rights plan.

     Ocean convertible preferred stockholders, other than those who validly
exercise their appraisal rights under Delaware law, will remain Ocean
convertible preferred stockholders upon completion of the merger. After the
effective time of the merger, each share of Ocean convertible preferred stock
will be convertible into Devon common stock instead of Ocean common stock,
giving effect to the 0.414 exchange ratio, and will have voting rights in Devon
on an as-converted basis. To effect those voting rights in Devon, Devon
anticipates issuing at the effective time of the merger one or more shares of a
new class of Devon preferred stock to a voting trustee for the benefit of Ocean
convertible preferred stockholders. Shares of the new class of Devon preferred
stock issued to the voting trustee would have voting rights in Devon equal to
the voting rights of Ocean convertible preferred stock on an as-converted basis
and would otherwise have minimal economic value. The voting trustee would be
obligated to vote the share(s) of the new class of Devon preferred stock in the
manner directed by Ocean convertible preferred stockholders. After the effective
time of the merger, Ocean convertible preferred stockholders will no longer have
voting rights in Ocean, except as required by law and except that they will have
the right to block Ocean from (1) creating stock with a higher preference than
the Ocean convertible preferred stock with respect to dividend distributions or
distributions on liquidation or (2) amending its certificate of incorporation so
as to adversely affect the preferences, rights or powers of the Ocean
convertible preferred stock.

     The following describes the material differences between the rights of
Ocean stockholders and the rights of Devon stockholders. It is not a complete
summary of the provisions affecting, and the differences between, the rights of
Ocean stockholders and Devon stockholders. The summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the Delaware General Corporation Law; Ocean's
certificate of incorporation, as amended; Ocean's bylaws; Ocean's stockholder
rights plan; Devon's restated certificate of incorporation, as amended; Devon's
amended and restated bylaws; and Devon's stockholder rights plan. In this
summary, we refer to Devon's restated certificate of incorporation, as amended,
as Devon's charter, and to Ocean's certificate of incorporation, as amended, as
Ocean's charter.

                                 AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK
                   Devon                                         Ocean
The authorized capital stock of Devon         The authorized capital stock of Ocean
consists of 400,000,000 shares of common      consists of 520,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value $0.10 per share, 4,500,000   stock, par value $0.10 per share, and
shares of preferred stock, par value $1.00    10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
per share, and one share of special voting    value $1.00 per share.
stock, par value $0.10 per share.
                                SIZE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                   Devon                                         Ocean
Devon's board of directors currently has 10   Ocean's board of directors currently has 13
members. Devon's charter and bylaws provide   members. Ocean's charter provides that the
that the number of directors will not be      minimum number of directors is three, and
less than three nor more than 20, and that    that the actual number of directors may be
the actual number of directors may be fixed   fixed exclusively by the board of directors.
by a majority of the entire board of
directors.

                                               CUMULATIVE VOTING
                         Devon                                                    Ocean
Under Delaware law, stockholders of a Delaware           Ocean's bylaws expressly prohibit cumulative voting by
corporation do not have the right to accumulate their    Ocean stockholders.
votes in the election of directors, unless that right
is granted in the certificate of incorporation of the
corporation. Devon's charter expressly prohibits
cumulative voting by Devon stockholders.
                                              CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
                         Devon                                                    Ocean
Devon's charter provides that its board of directors is  Ocean's charter similarly provides that its board of
divided into three classes of directors, of as equal     directors is divided into three classes of directors,
size as practicable, with each class being elected to a  of as equal size as practicable, with each class being
staggered three-year term.                               elected to a staggered three-year term.
                                              REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
                         Devon                                                    Ocean
Under Delaware law, unless the certificate of            Ocean's charter provides that a director may be removed
incorporation provides otherwise, a director of a        only for cause and then only by an affirmative vote of
Delaware corporation with a classified board may be      the holders of two-thirds of the shares entitled to
removed only for cause and only by the holders of a      vote, voting as a single class.
majority of the shares entitled to vote. Devon's
charter is silent on this point and, accordingly,
Devon's directors may be removed only in the manner
provided by Delaware law.
                                      VACANCIES ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                         Devon                                                    Ocean
Under Delaware law, unless the certificate of            Ocean's charter provides that newly created
incorporation or bylaws provide otherwise, the board of  directorships resulting from any increase in the
directors of a corporation may fill any vacancy on the   authorized number of directors, or resulting from
board, including vacancies resulting from an increase    death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other
in the number of directors. Devon's charter provides     cause, may only be filled by no less than a majority
that newly created directorships resulting from any      vote of the remaining directors.
increase in the authorized number of directors, or
resulting from death, resignation, disqualification,
removal or other cause, may be filled only by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining
directors.
                                           ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT
                         Devon                                                    Ocean
Under Delaware law, unless the certificate of            As permitted by Delaware law, Ocean's charter provides
incorporation provides otherwise, any stockholder        that any action required or permitted to be taken by
action may be taken without a meeting if consent in      stockholders must be taken at an annual or special
writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed    meeting of stockholders and may not be taken by written
by the holders of outstanding shares having not less     consent.
then the minimum number of votes which would be
necessary to authorize or take the action at a meeting
at which all shares entitled to vote were present and
voted. As permitted by Delaware law, Devon's charter
provides that any action required or permitted to be
taken by stockholders must be effected at a duly called
annual or special meeting of stockholders. Devon's
charter specifically prohibits stockholders from taking
action by written consent.

                                  AMENDMENTS TO CHARTER
                   Devon                                         Ocean
Under Delaware law, a proposed amendment to   Ocean's charter provides that the charter
the certificate of incorporation requires a   may not be amended, altered, changed or
resolution adopted by the board of directors  repealed with respect to the number, power,
and, unless otherwise provided in the         removal and election of directors,
certificate of incorporation, the             stockholder consent and required vote to
affirmative vote of the holders of a          amend Ocean's bylaws except upon the
majority of the outstanding stock entitled    affirmative vote of the holders of at least
to vote thereon and (if applicable) the       two-thirds of the votes of the outstanding
affirmative vote of the holders of a          shares of the class or classes or series of
majority of the outstanding stock of each     stock then entitled to be voted thereon,
class entitled to vote thereon as a class.    voting together as a single class.
Devon's charter provides that any             Otherwise, Ocean's charter may be amended in
alteration, amendment, repeal or rescission   the manner provided by Delaware law.
of Devon's charter must be approved by a
majority of the authorized number of
directors and by a majority of the combined
voting power of the outstanding shares of
voting stock, voting together as a single
class, provided that any amendment related
to the election of directors, meetings of
the stockholders, stockholder consent,
director liability, indemnification or the
required vote to amend Devon's charter or
bylaws requires the approval of at least
two-thirds of the combined voting power of
the outstanding shares of voting stock,
voting together as a single class.
                                   AMENDMENTS TO BYLAWS
                   Devon                                         Ocean
As permitted by Delaware law, Devon's         As permitted by Delaware law, Ocean's
charter provides that any alteration,         charter and bylaws provide that Ocean's
amendment, repeal or rescission of Devon's    bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed
bylaws may be adopted either by the           and new bylaws may be adopted by the board
affirmative vote of at least a majority of    of directors or by the holders of at least
its board of directors or by the              two-thirds of the outstanding shares of
stockholders by the affirmative vote of at    capital stock of Ocean entitled to vote
least two-thirds of the combined voting       thereon, voting together as a single class.
power of the outstanding shares of voting
stock, voting together as a single class. In
addition, Devon's charter authorizes Devon's
board of directors, without additional
authorization of the stockholders, to adopt,
amend or repeal Devon's bylaws, including
bylaws relating to (1) regulation of the
procedure for submission by the stockholders
of the nomination of directors, (2)
regulation of the attendance at annual or
special meetings of stockholders by persons
other than holders of record or their
proxies and (3) regulation of the business
that may properly be brought by a
stockholder before an annual or special
meeting of stockholders.

                             SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS
                   Devon                                         Ocean
As permitted by Delaware law, Devon's         As permitted by Delaware law, Ocean's bylaws
charter and bylaws provide that special       provide that special meetings of the
meetings of the stockholders may be called    stockholders may be called by the Chairman
by a resolution adopted by a majority of      of the Board, by the President or by a
Devon's board of directors or by its          majority of the board of directors. Ocean
Chairman of the Board or President (but not   stockholders do not have the ability to call
by its Chief Executive Officer), in either    a special meeting of the stockholders.
case with the concurrence of a majority of
its directors. Devon stockholders do not
have the ability to call a special meeting
of the stockholders.
                       VOTE ON EXTRAORDINARY CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS
                   Devon                                         Ocean
Under Delaware law, a sale or other           Ocean Stockholders are subject to the same
disposition of all or substantially all of a  Delaware law provision.
corporation's assets, a merger or
consolidation of a corporation with another
corporation or a dissolution of a
corporation requires the affirmative vote of
the corporation's board of directors (except
in limited circumstances) plus, with limited
exceptions, the affirmative vote of a
majority of the outstanding stock entitled
to vote on the transaction.
                                 INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS
                   Devon                                         Ocean
Delaware law allows any stockholder the       Ocean stockholders are subject to the same
right to inspect for any proper purpose the   Delaware law provisions.
corporation's stock ledger, a list of its
stockholders and its other books and
records, and to make copies or extracts from
those documents. A proper purpose means a
purpose reasonably related to the person's
interest as a stockholder.
                               STATE ANTI-TAKEOVER STATUTES
                   Devon                                         Ocean
Delaware law generally prohibits public       Ocean stockholders are subject to the same
corporations from engaging in significant     Delaware law provisions.
business transactions, including mergers,
with a holder of 15% or more of the
corporation's stock for a period of three
years after the holder exceeds that
ownership level, unless:
- - the board approves either the transaction
  in question or the acquisition of shares
  by the interested stockholder prior to the
  time the stockholder becomes an interested
  stockholder based on its direct or
  indirect ownership of 15% of the
  corporation's stock;
- - when the interested stockholder exceeds
  the 15% threshold, it acquires at least
  85% of the outstanding shares not held by
  certain affiliates, such as pursuant to a
  tender offer; or
- - the transaction is approved by the board
  of directors and the holders of at least
  two-thirds of the corporation's shares
  entitled to vote thereon, excluding the
  shares held by the interested stockholder,
  at a meeting of stockholders. Delaware law
  permits this vote to occur at or after the
  interested stockholder's share acquisition
  date.

                                 STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN
                   Devon                                         Ocean
Under Devon's stockholder rights plan, Devon  Under Ocean's stockholder rights plan, each
common stockholders have one right with       share of Ocean common stock has "attached"
respect to each share of Devon common stock   to it one preferred stock purchase right.
held. The certificates representing           Upon the occurrence of the earlier of the
outstanding shares of Devon common stock      following events, each right will entitle
also evidence one right for each share.       the holder to purchase, at half its market
Currently, the rights trade with the shares   value, additional shares of Ocean common
of Devon common stock. Upon the occurrence    stock:
of events generally associated with an
unsolicited takeover attempt of Devon or      - ten days after a public announcement that
transactions involving a change of control,     a person or group has acquired or obtained
the rights will be distributed, will become     the right to acquire beneficial ownership
exercisable and will be tradeable separately    of 10% or more of the outstanding shares
from Devon common stock. If a person or         of Ocean common stock; or
group becomes the beneficial owner of, or
commences a tender or exchange offer for,     - ten business days, or such later date as
15% or more of the voting shares of Devon,      may be determined by Ocean's board of
then each right would entitle the holders       directors, following the commencement of,
other than the acquiring person or group to     or the announcement of an intention to
purchase Devon common stock having a market     make, a tender offer or exchange offer
value equal to twice the applicable purchase    that would result in a person or group
price. The rights do not become exercisable     beneficially owning 10% or more of the
as a result of a stock acquisition by a         outstanding shares of Ocean common stock.
tender or exchange offer for all outstanding
shares of Devon common stock that is          The rights have some anti-takeover effects.
determined by the independent directors of    Because a person or group acquiring Ocean
Devon to be fair, not inadequate and          common stock in a manner that causes the
otherwise in the best interest of Devon and   rights to become exercisable is not entitled
its stockholders. The rights have some anti-  to exercise the rights that relate to its
takeover effects. They will cause             shares, such person or group's ownership of
substantial dilution to a person or group     Ocean common stock would be severely diluted
that attempts to acquire Devon in a manner    if the other stockholders exercise their
that causes the rights to become              rights. The rights may be redeemed by
exercisable. The rights may be redeemed by    Ocean's board of directors for $0.05 per
Devon's board of directors for $0.01 per      right. The terms of the rights plan may be
right. The terms of the rights plan may be    supplemented or amended by Ocean without the
amended by Devon's board of directors         approval of any holders of Ocean common
without the consent of the holders of the     stock or the rights. Ocean amended the
Devon common stock or the rights. The merger  rights plan on February 23, 2003 to exempt
agreement and the merger that it              the merger agreement and the merger that it
contemplates will not cause the rights to     contemplates from the application of the
become exercisable.                           rights plan.
                                   SPECIAL VOTING STOCK
                   Devon                                         Ocean
Devon's charter provides for one share of     Ocean does not have special voting stock.
special voting stock that is entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of
exchangeable shares of Devon's subsidiary,
Northstar Energy Corporation, outstanding
from time to time that are held by persons
other than Devon or its subsidiaries.
                 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS
                   Devon                                         Ocean
A Devon stockholder must give notice, in      An Ocean stockholder must give notice, in
proper form, of director nominations or       proper form, of director nominations and
proposals for each annual meeting to the      proposed business to be conducted at an
secretary between 90 and 120 days before the  annual meeting of stockholders to the
one-year anniversary of the last annual       secretary between 90 and 120 days prior to
meeting. If the date of the annual meeting    the meeting. If the date of the annual
is moved more than 30 days before or after    meeting is more than 30 days before or more
the anniversary date, a stockholder notice    than 70 days after the anniversary date, a
must be given to the secretary between 70     stockholder notice must be given to the
and 90 days prior to the date of the          secretary between 90 and 120 days prior to
meeting, or within 10 days after the public   the date of the meeting, or within 10 days
announcement of the date of the meeting, if   after the public announcement of the date of
later. For a special meeting called to elect  the meeting.
directors, a stockholder must give notice,
in proper form, of director nominations to
the secretary within 10 days after the
public announcement of the date of the
meeting.

                             ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

DEADLINE FOR FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Whether or not the merger is completed as expected, Devon will hold an
annual stockholder meeting in 2003. If the merger is not completed, Ocean will
hold an annual stockholder meeting in 2003.

     The deadline for a Devon stockholder to submit a proposal for inclusion in
Devon's proxy statement for the Devon 2003 annual stockholder meeting has
passed, except that, if Devon's 2003 annual stockholder meeting is held after
June 15, 2003, then the deadline is a reasonable time before Devon begins to
print and mail its proxy materials. Under Devon's bylaws, the deadline for a
Devon stockholder to submit a proposal for consideration at the Devon 2003
annual stockholder meeting also has passed, except that, if Devon's 2003 annual
stockholder meeting is held after June 15, 2003, then Devon stockholders may
submit proposals for consideration at that meeting not earlier than the 90th day
prior to that meeting and not later than the close of business on the 70th day
prior to that meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public
announcement of the date of that meeting is first made.

     The deadline for an Ocean stockholder to submit a proposal for inclusion in
Ocean's proxy statement for the Ocean 2003 annual stockholder meeting has also
passed.

LEGAL MATTERS

     The validity of the securities to be issued in the merger will be passed
upon for Devon by Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw. We expect that the opinions referred
to in the discussion set forth in the "Material Federal Income Tax
Considerations" section of this document will be provided to Devon by Mayer,
Brown, Rowe & Maw and to Ocean by Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
represents Devon from time to time in matters unrelated to the merger.

EXPERTS

     The consolidated financial statements of Ocean Energy, Inc. and its
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, and for each of the years in the
three-year period ended December 31, 2002, have been incorporated by reference
into this document in reliance upon the report of KPMG LLP, independent
certified public accountants, incorporated by reference into this document, and
upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. The audit
report covering the December 31, 2002 consolidated financial statements refers
to a change in the method of accounting for derivative financial instruments,
effective January 1, 2001.

     Certain information with respect to Ocean's oil and gas reserves, estimates
of which were prepared by Ocean's internal engineers and were reviewed by Miller
and Lents, Ltd., independent petroleum engineers, has been included and
incorporated into this document by reference on authority of that firm as
experts with respect to such matters.

     The consolidated financial statements of Devon and its subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 and for each of the years then ended have been
incorporated by reference into this document in reliance upon the report of KPMG
LLP, independent certified public accountants, incorporated by reference into
this document, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing. The audit report covering the December 31, 2002 consolidated financial
statements refers to changes in the methods of accounting for derivative
instruments and hedging activities, business combinations and goodwill.

     Certain information with respect to Devon's oil and gas reserves derived
from the reports of Gilbert Laustsen Jung Associates Ltd., LaRoche Petroleum
Consultants, Ltd., Ryder Scott Company, L.P., AJM Petroleum Consultants and
Paddock Lindstrom & Associates, Ltd., independent consulting petroleum
engineers, has been included and incorporated by reference into this document on
the authority of those firms as experts with respect to matters covered by such
reports and in giving such reports.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     Devon has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration
statement under the Securities Act of 1933 that registers the distribution of
the shares of Devon common stock to be issued to Ocean stockholders in
connection with the merger. That registration statement, including the attached
exhibits and schedules, contains additional relevant information about Devon and
Devon common stock. The rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission allow us to omit some of the information included in the registration
statement from this document.

     In addition, Devon and Ocean file reports, proxy statements and other
information with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. You may read and copy that information at the Securities
and Exchange Commission's public reference room at the following location:

                             Public Reference Room
                             450 Fifth Street, N.W.
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                 1-800-732-0330

     You may also obtain copies of this information by mail from the Public
Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 450 Fifth Street,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates.

     The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains an Internet world
wide website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about
issuers, including Devon and Ocean, that file electronically with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov.

     The Securities and Exchange Commission allows Devon and Ocean to
"incorporate by reference" information into this document. This means that Devon
and Ocean can disclose important information by referring you to another
document filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this document,
except for any information that is superseded by information that is included
directly in this document.

     This document incorporates by reference the documents listed below that
Devon and Ocean have previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. The documents contain important information about Devon and Ocean
and their respective financial conditions.

DEVON'S FILINGS (FILE NO. 0-30176)                                  PERIOD
- ----------------------------------                                  ------

Annual Report on Form 10-K.............................  Year ended December 31, 2002
Current Reports on Form 8-K............................  Filed on:
                                                          - February 24, 2003
                                                          - February 7, 2003

     The description of Devon capital stock set forth in the registration
statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-50034) filed by Devon with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2000, including any amendment
or report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose of
updating that description.

OCEAN'S FILINGS (FILE NO. 001-08094)                                PERIOD
- ------------------------------------                                ------

Annual Report on Form 10-K.............................  Year ended December 31, 2002
Current Report on Form 8-K.............................  Filed on:
                                                          - February 25, 2003

     The description of Ocean capital stock contained in the registration
statement on Form 8-A/A (Registration No. 33-06444) filed by Ocean with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2001, including any amendment or
report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose of
updating that description.

     Devon and Ocean also incorporate by reference additional documents that
either company may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 between
the date of this document and the date of the Ocean and Devon stockholders'
meetings. Those documents include periodic reports such as Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as
well as proxy statements.

     You can obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference into this
document through Devon or Ocean, as the case may be, or from the Securities and
Exchange Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov. Documents incorporated by
reference are available from Devon and Ocean without charge, excluding any
exhibits to those documents unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by
reference into this document. You may obtain documents incorporated by reference
into this document by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the
appropriate company as follows:

           Devon Energy Corporation                          Ocean Energy, Inc.
              20 North Broadway                        1001 Fannin Street, Suite 1600
        Attention: Investor Relations                  Attention: Investor Relations
      Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102-8260                 Houston, Texas 77002-6794
          Telephone: (405) 552-4570                      Telephone: (713) 265-6161

     If you would like to request documents incorporated by reference, please do
so by April 18, 2003, to receive them before the meeting. Please be sure to
include your complete name and address in your request. If you request any
documents, we will mail them to you by first class mail, or another equally
prompt means, within one business day after we receive your request.

     Neither Devon nor Ocean has authorized anyone to give any information or
make any representation about the merger, Devon or Ocean, that is different
from, or in addition to, the information contained in this document or in any of
the materials that we have incorporated into this document by reference.
Therefore, if anyone does give you information of this sort, you should not rely
on it. If you are in a jurisdiction where offers to exchange or sell, or
solicitations of offers to exchange or purchase, the securities offered by this
document or the solicitation of proxies is unlawful, or if you are a person to
whom it is unlawful to direct these types of activities, then the offer
presented in this document does not extend to you. The information contained in
this document speaks only as of the date of this document unless the information
specifically indicates that another date applies.

Ocean's website is located at http://www.oceanenergy.com.

Devon's website is located at http://www.devonenergy.com.

TRANSFER AGENTS AND REGISTRARS

     Wachovia Bank is the transfer agent and registrar for Devon common stock.
CIBC Mellon Trust Company is the Canadian co-registrar for Devon common stock
and the transfer agent and registrar for Northstar exchangeable shares. In
addition, CIBC Mellon Trust Company is the trustee under the voting and exchange
trust agreement with respect to the Northstar exchangeable shares. The transfer
agent for Ocean common stock is EquiServe Trust Company. You may write to or
telephone the appropriate company as follows:

     DEVON COMMON STOCK AND NORTHSTAR EXCHANGEABLE SHARES             OCEAN COMMON STOCK
     ----------------------------------------------------             ------------------

Wachovia Bank, N.A.             CIBC Mellon Trust Company       EquiServe Trust Company, N.A.
1525 West W.T. Harris Blvd.,    P.O. Box 1036                   Client Administration
Building 3C, 3rd Floor          Adelaide Street Postal Station  P.O. Box 8029
Charlotte, NC 28262             Toronto, Ontario M5C 2K4        Boston, MA 02266-8029
800-829-8432                    (800) 387-0825                  (800) 733-5001
http://www.wachovia.com         http://www.cibcmellon.ca        http://www.equiserve.com

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     Devon and Ocean have made forward-looking statements in this document and
in the documents incorporated by reference into this document, which are subject
to risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on the beliefs and
assumptions of our managements and on the information currently available to
them.

     Statements and calculations concerning oil, natural gas and NGL reserves
and their present value also are forward-looking statements in that they reflect
the determination, based on estimates and assumptions, that oil, natural gas and
NGL reserves may be profitably exploited in the future. When used or referred to
in this document or the documents incorporated by reference into this document,
these forward-looking statements may be preceded by, followed by or otherwise
include the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans,"
"estimates," "projects" or similar expressions, or statements that certain
events or conditions "will" or "may" occur. Forward-looking statements in this
document also include:

     - statements regarding Devon's expectation that the merger will be dilutive
       to its reserves per share, production per share and earnings per share
       and Ocean's expectation that the merger will be accretive to cash flows
       per share for Ocean stockholders;

     - statements relating to the cost savings that Devon and Ocean anticipate
       will result from the merger;

     - statements regarding other perceived benefits expected to result from the
       merger;

     - statements regarding the number and location of undrilled well locations
       and planned wells;

     - statements relating to future reserve replacement;

     - statements with respect to various actions to be taken or requirements to
       be met in connection with completing the merger or integrating Devon and
       Ocean; and

     - statements relating to revenue, income and operations of the combined
       company after the merger is completed.

     These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of factors and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements. The following factors, among
others, including those discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of this
document, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described
in the forward-looking statements:

     - expected cost savings from the merger may not be fully realized;

     - revenue of the combined company following the merger may be lower than
       expected;

     - assumptions about energy markets, commodity prices, production levels,
       reserve levels, operating results, competitive conditions, technology,
       currency exchange rates, the weather, inflation, the availability of
       goods and services, drilling risks, future processing volumes, pipeline
       throughput, the availability of capital resources and capital expenditure
       obligations may prove to be incorrect;

     - changes may occur in the supply and demand for oil, natural gas, NGLs and
       the other products or services provided or consumed by our companies;

     - changes may occur in the price of oil, natural gas, NGLs and the other
       products or services provided or consumed by our companies;

     - costs or difficulties related to obtaining regulatory approvals for
       completing the merger and, following the merger, to the integration of
       the businesses of Devon and Ocean, may be greater than expected;

     - general economic conditions, either internationally or nationally or in
       the jurisdictions in which Devon or Ocean is doing business, may be less
       favorable than expected;

     - legislative or regulatory changes, including changes in environmental
       regulation, may adversely affect the businesses in which Devon and Ocean
       are engaged;

     - there may be environmental risks and liability under federal, state and
       foreign environmental laws and regulations; and

     - changes may occur in the securities or capital markets.

     Except for its ongoing obligations to disclose material information as
required by the federal securities laws, neither Devon nor Ocean has any
intention or obligation to update these forward-looking statements after it
distributes this document.

                        COMMONLY USED OIL AND GAS TERMS

     The following are abbreviations and definitions of terms commonly used in
the oil and gas industry and in this document:

     "Bbl" means one stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume of oil
or NGLs.

     "Bcf" means one billion cubic feet.

     "Boe" means barrel of oil equivalent, determined by using the ratio of one
Bbl of oil or NGLs to six Mcf of natural gas.

     "gross acres" or "gross wells" means the total acres or number of wells in
which a working interest is owned.

     "MBbls" means one thousand Bbls.

     "MBoe" means one thousand Boe.

     "Mcf" means one thousand cubic feet.

     "Mcfe" means one thousand cubic feet equivalent of natural gas, determined
using the ratio of six Mcf of natural gas to one Bbl of oil or NGLs.

     "MMBbls" means one million Bbls.

     "MMBoe" means one million Boe.

     "MMcf" means one million cubic feet.

     "net acres" or "net wells" means the sum of the fractional working
interests owned in gross acres or gross wells.

     "NGL" or "NGLs" means natural gas liquids.

     "oil" includes crude oil and condensate.

     "proved reserves" are the estimated quantities of crude oil, natural gas
and NGLs that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable
certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing
economic and operating conditions (i.e., prices and costs as of the date the
estimate is made). Prices include consideration of changes in existing prices
provided only by contractual arrangements, but not on escalations based on
future conditi