URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1020476/000092242303000741/0000922423-03-000741.txt

 THIRD AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 593-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 THIRD AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KROLL O GARA CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971216

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OGARA CO /OH/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960806

S-4

kl07002_s4.txt

FORM S-4 REGISTRATION STATEMENT

      AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON JULY 7, 2003

                                                        REGISTRATION NO. 333-
================================================================================
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549
                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                      UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                                   KROLL INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

             DELAWARE                              8748                           31-4131019
(State or other jurisdiction of       (Primary Standard Identification        (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)          Classification Code  Number)           Industrial Number)

                                 ---------------

                   900 THIRD AVENUE, NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10022
                                 (212) 593-1000
   (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
          registrant's and co-registrants' principal executive offices)

                                 ---------------

                                MICHAEL CHERKASKY
                      PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                   KROLL INC.
                                900 THIRD AVENUE
                            NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10022
                                 (212) 593-1000
    (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area
                           code, of agent for service)
                                 ---------------

                                 WITH COPIES TO:

    SABRINA H. PEREL, ESQ.        PETER S. KOLEVZON          SAMUEL E. WING
      VICE PRESIDENT AND       KRAMER LEVIN NAFTALIS &     JONES & KELLER PC
        GENERAL COUNSEL              FRANKEL LLP          1625 BROADWAY, 16TH
          KROLL INC.              919 THIRD AVENUE               FLOOR
       900 THIRD AVENUE       NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10022   DENVER, COLORADO 80202
   NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10022        (212) 715-9100            (303) 573-1600
        (212) 593-1000

                                 ---------------

   APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: As soon as
practicable after this registration statement becomes effective.

   If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box: [ ]

   If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering: [ ]

   If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same offering:  [ ]

             -------------------------------------------------------
                         CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

====================================================================================================================================
                                                                  PROPOSED MAXIMUM       PROPOSED MAXIMUM
          TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF                AMOUNT TO        OFFERING PRICE PER         AGGREGATE              AMOUNT OF
        SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED         BE REGISTERED (1)           UNIT            OFFERING PRICE (2)    REGISTRATION FEE (3)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share         1,366,502          Not Applicable           $107,232,749           $8,675.13
====================================================================================================================================

                                          (footnotes appear on following page)

      THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS

REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SECTION 8(A) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, OR UNTIL THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT
SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID
SECTION 8(A), MAY DETERMINE.
================================================================================

(footnotes continued from previous page)

(1)   Represents the estimated maximum number of shares of Kroll Inc. common
      stock to be issued or to become issuable upon completion of the merger of
      Factual Data Corp. with a subsidiary of the Registrant, based upon the sum
      of (i) 6,222,684 shares of Factual Data common stock outstanding as of
      June 26, 2003, (ii) the assumed exercise of options to acquire 618,267
      shares of Factual Data common stock, and (iii) the assumed exercise of
      rights to acquire 923 shares of Factual Data common stock under Factual
      Data's employee stock purchase plan multiplied by (iv) an assumed exchange
      ratio of 0.1467 or an assumed option exchange ratio of 0.7335, as
      applicable.

(2)   Estimated solely for the purposes of calculating the registration fee
      pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
      as amended, based on the product of (i) $17.23, the average of the high
      and low sale prices of Factual Data common stock on The Nasdaq National
      Market on July 2, 2003 and (ii) the estimated maximum number of shares of
      Factual Data common stock to be acquired in the merger.

(3)   .00008090 multiplied by the Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price.

KROLL LOGO                                                         FACTUAL LOGO

           PRELIMINARY COPY, SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JULY 7, 2003

                           PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

                 MERGER PROPOSED -- YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE
CHANGED. WE MAY NOT SELL THE SECURITIES OFFERED BY THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN
OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES, AND WE ARE NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE
SECURITIES, IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED.

To the Shareholders of Factual Data Corp.:

      I am writing to you today about our proposed merger with Kroll Inc. The
board of directors of Factual Data Corp. has unanimously approved the agreement
and plan of reorganization pursuant to which Kroll will acquire Factual Data. In
order to complete the merger, the holders of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of Factual Data common stock must approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the merger. We are excited by the opportunities we envision
for the combined company. Kroll is one of the world's leading risk mitigation
and consulting companies. Kroll's broad sales channels and extensive resources
will help bring Factual Data's products and technologies to a wider range of
customers than we can reach alone. Your board of directors has determined that
it is desirable and in the best interests of Factual Data and its shareholders
that Factual Data proceed with the merger and that the terms of the merger are
fair to you, and unanimously recommends that you vote to approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the merger.

      Pursuant to the merger, a subsidiary of Kroll will merge with and into
Factual Data and Factual Data will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kroll.
For each share of Factual Data common stock owned just before the merger,
Factual Data shareholders will be entitled to receive $14.00 in cash and a
fractional share of Kroll common stock calculated to have a value equal to
$3.50, based on the volume weighted average price of Kroll common stock over a
period of 20 consecutive trading days ending three trading days before the vote
of the Factual Data shareholders at a special meeting. However, the value of
this fractional share may change depending upon the average trading price of
Kroll common stock before the merger. This is explained in further detail in
this proxy statement/prospectus. Kroll will also assume Factual Data employees'
options to purchase shares of Factual Data common stock, and those options will
become exercisable to purchase shares of Kroll common stock at the same exchange
ratio. Kroll common stock is listed on The Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "KROL."

      You will be asked to vote on the merger agreement and the merger at a
special meeting of Factual Data shareholders to be held on _________, 2003, at
10:00 a.m. Mountain Time, at Factual Data's offices at 5200 Hahns Peak Drive,
Loveland, Colorado 80538. Only shareholders who hold shares of Factual Data
common stock at the close of business on __________, 2003 will be entitled to
vote at the special meeting.

      Roth Capital Partners, LLC, an investment banking firm engaged by Factual
Data in connection with the merger, has rendered an opinion, dated June 23,
2003, to the board of directors of Factual Data that, as of such date and based
upon and subject to the various considerations set forth in the opinion, the
merger consideration offered by Kroll is fair, from a financial point of view,
to holders of Factual Data common stock.

      Your vote is very important. Regardless of the number of shares you own,
the board of directors of Factual Data hopes that you will attend the special
shareholders' meeting in person. Whether or not you plan to attend, please take
the time to vote by completing the enclosed proxy card and promptly mailing it
to Factual Data as requested to ensure that your shares are represented at the
meeting. Shareholders who execute proxies retain the right to revoke them at any
time prior to the voting of those proxies. To approve and adopt the merger
agreement and the merger, you must vote FOR the proposal by following the
instructions stated on the enclosed proxy card. If you sign and mail your proxy
card without indicating how you want to vote, your proxy will be counted as a
vote FOR the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger. If
you do not vote at all, it will, in effect, count as a vote against the approval
and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger. Your board of directors
urges you to vote for this proposal.

      This proxy statement/prospectus provides you with detailed information
about the merger and the special meeting of shareholders, and it includes the
merger agreement as Annex A. You can obtain more information about Kroll and
Factual Data from publicly available documents filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. We encourage you to read carefully this entire document,
including all its annexes, and we especially encourage you to read the section
entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page _____.

                                    Very truly yours,

                                    J.H. Donnan
                                    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                    Factual Data Corp.

NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES
COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED
BY KROLL IN THE MERGER OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

      This proxy statement/prospectus is dated __________, 2003, and was first
mailed to Factual Data shareholders on or about ___________, 2003.

                      REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

      This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference important
business and financial information about Kroll and Factual Data from reports and
documents that they have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, but
are not included in, or delivered with, this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
This information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral
request. You can obtain documents related to Kroll and Factual Data,
respectively, that are incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by
requesting them in writing, or by telephone, from:

      KROLL INC.                           FACTUAL DATA CORP.
      900 THIRD AVENUE                     5200 HAHNS PEAK DRIVE
      NEW YORK, NEW YORK  10022            LOVELAND, COLORADO  80538
      ATTN:  PHILIP J. DENNING             ATTN:  DEANA LEE
      TEL NO.:  (212) 593-1000             TEL NO.:  (970) 663-5700

      If you would like to request documents, please do so by _____________,
2003 in order to receive them before the special shareholders meeting.

      See also "Where You Can Find More Information" on page __.

                               FACTUAL DATA CORP.
                              5200 HAHNS PEAK DRIVE
                            LOVELAND, COLORADO 80538

                    NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
                           TO BE HELD __________, 2003

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FACTUAL DATA CORP.:

      A special meeting of Factual Data Corp. shareholders will be held on
______, July ___, 2003, at 10:00 a.m. Mountain Time, at Factual Data's offices
at 5200 Hahns Peak Drive, Loveland, Colorado 80538, for the following purposes:

            1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 23, 2003, by and among Kroll
Inc., Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation, which is a newly formed,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Kroll, and Factual Data, pursuant to which Golden
Mountain Acquisition Corporation will be merged with and into Factual Data and
Factual Data will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kroll, on the terms and
conditions set forth in the merger agreement, and to approve and adopt the
merger;

            2. To transact such other business as may properly be brought before
the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting.

      Your board of directors has determined that the merger is desirable and in
the best interests of Factual Data and you and that the terms of the merger are
fair to Factual Data and to you, and unanimously recommends that you vote to
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger. The terms of the proposed
merger with Kroll and the related merger agreement are more fully described in
the proxy statement/prospectus attached to this notice.

      Only holders of record of Factual Data common stock at the close of
business on ________, 2003 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the
special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. A
complete list of shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting will be available
for the examination by any shareholder of record during normal business hours,
at the executive offices of Factual Data, for a period of 10 days prior to the
date of the meeting. This list will also be available for review at the meeting,
for the duration of such meeting, and may be inspected by any shareholder who is
present at the meeting.

      Factual Data shareholders have a right to dissent from the merger and
obtain payment for their shares by complying with Article 113 of the Colorado
Business Corporation Act, as described in the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus. A copy of Article 113 is attached to the proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex C.

      We encourage you to vote on this important matter.

                                    By the Order of the Board of Directors,

                                    J.H. Donnan
                                    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                    Factual Data Corp.
                                    Loveland, Colorado

_________, 2003

                                IMPORTANT NOTICE

      YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT TO ENSURE THAT YOUR SHARES WILL BE REPRESENTED
AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. YOU ARE URGED TO READ THE ATTACHED PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS CAREFULLY AND THEN SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY
CARD IN THE ENCLOSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE BY FOLLOWING THE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE
ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN
PERSON. YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR PROXY IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN THE ACCOMPANYING
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AT ANY TIME BEFORE IT HAS BEEN VOTED AT THE SPECIAL
MEETING. YOU MAY VOTE IN PERSON AT THE SPECIAL MEETING EVEN IF YOU HAVE RETURNED
A PROXY CARD.

PLEASE DO NOT SEND ANY FACTUAL DATA STOCK CERTIFICATES AT THIS TIME.

                               

                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ....................................     i

SUMMARY ................................................................     5

FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION ............................................    12

RISK FACTORS ...........................................................    14

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS CONCERNING KROLL ...................................    23

FACTUAL DATA LITIGATION ................................................    23

SUMMARY SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR
      KROLL AND FACTUAL DATA ...........................................    24

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING FINANCIAL INFORMATION .    29

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION ......................................    30

COMPARATIVE MARKET VALUE INFORMATION ...................................    32

THE SPECIAL MEETING ....................................................    33
      Date, Time and Place .............................................    33
      Purpose of the Special Meeting ...................................    33
      Vote Required ....................................................    33
      Recommendation of Board of Directors .............................    33
      Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote .............................    34
      Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes .........................    34
      Shares Owned and Voted by Directors and Executive Officers;
            Agreements to Vote in Favor of the Merger Agreement and the
            Merger .....................................................    34
      Voting Procedures ................................................    35
      Revoking Your Proxy ..............................................    36
      Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses .............................    36
      Dissenters' Rights ...............................................    36
      Other Matters ....................................................    37

THE MERGER .............................................................    38
      General ..........................................................    38
      Background of the Merger .........................................    38
      Factual Data Board of Directors' Reasons for the Merger ..........    41
      Recommendation of the Board of Directors .........................    45
      Opinion of Roth Capital Partners, LLC ............................    45
      Interests of Factual Data Directors, Officers and Key Employees
            in the Merger Other Than as Shareholders ...................    52

                                       i

      Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ....................    53
      Accounting Treatment .............................................    54
      Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger .....................    55
      Antitrust Matters ................................................    55
      Federal Securities Law Consequences ..............................    55
      Nasdaq Listing ...................................................    56
      Dissenters' Rights ...............................................    56

THE MERGER AGREEMENT ...................................................    60
      General ..........................................................    60
      The Merger .......................................................    60
      Effective Time ...................................................    60
      Merger Consideration .............................................    60
      Representations and Warranties ...................................    62
      Conduct of Business by Factual Data and Kroll ....................    62
      No Solicitation ..................................................    66
      Other Material Covenants .........................................    67
      Conditions to Completion of the Merger ...........................    70
      Termination ......................................................    73
      Amendment and Waiver; Parties in Interest ........................    76

THE VOTING AGREEMENT ...................................................    77

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE PRICES AND DIVIDENDS .............................    78

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ...........    79

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ..    85

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF KROLL STOCKHOLDERS AND FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS    90

LEGAL MATTERS ..........................................................   101

EXPERTS ................................................................   101

ANNEX A     Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 23, 2003, by and
            among Kroll Inc., Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation and
            Factual Data Corp.

ANNEX B     Opinion of Roth Capital Partners, LLC

                                       ii

ANNEX C     Sections of the Colorado Business Corporation Act Regarding
            Dissenters' Rights (7-113-101 through 7-113-302)

                                      iii

                       WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

      Kroll and Factual Data file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended. You may read and copy this information at, or obtain copies
of this information by mail from, the SEC's Public Reference Room, 450 Fifth
Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. Please call the SEC
at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information about the public reference room.

      The filings of Kroll and Factual Data with the SEC are also available to
the public from commercial document retrieval services and at the web site
maintained by the SEC at "http://www.sec.gov".

      Kroll filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC
the shares of Kroll common stock to be delivered in connection with the merger.
This proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement and
constitutes a prospectus of Kroll, in addition to being a proxy statement of
Factual Data for the special meeting of Factual Data shareholders. As allowed by
SEC rules, this proxy statement/prospectus does not contain all the information
you can find in the registration statement or the exhibits to the registration
statement. You may obtain copies of the Form S-4 (and any amendments to that
document) in the manner described above.

      This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the following
documents that Kroll and Factual Data have previously filed with the SEC:

KROLL SEC FILINGS
(FILE NO. 000-21629)                                           PERIOD OR FILING DATE
- ---------------------                                          ---------------------

Annual Report on Form 10-K                           Fiscal year ended December 31, 2002
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q                        Quarter ended March 31, 2003
Current Reports on Form 8-K                          Filed on March 7, May 1, June 19 and
                                                     June 30, 2003
Definitive Proxy Statement                           Filed on April 30, 2003
The description of shares of Kroll capital           Filed on September 5, 2002
  stock as set forth in its Registration
  Statement on Form S-3

FACTUAL DATA SEC FILINGS
(FILE NO. 000-24205)                                           PERIOD OR FILING DATE
- --------------------                                           ---------------------

Annual Report on Form 10-K                           Fiscal year ended December 31, 2002
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q                        Quarter ended March 31, 2003
Current Reports on Form 8-K                          Filed on February 10, February 13,
                                                     February 14, April 14, April 16, April
                                                     24, June 24, and July 2, 2003
Definitive Proxy Statement                           Filed on April 1, 2003

      This proxy statement/prospectus is accompanied by a copy of Factual Data's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 and Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2003. Kroll and Factual Data
are also incorporating by reference additional documents that they file with the
SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act between the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and the date of the
Factual Data special meeting. The

                                        i

information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, except for any information that is superseded by
information that is included in this proxy statement/prospectus.

      Kroll has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference
in this proxy statement/prospectus relating to Kroll, and Factual Data has
supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Factual Data.

      AS A RESULT, YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED OR
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS WHEN DECIDING HOW
TO VOTE ON THE PROPOSAL TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS MEETING. WE
HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT
FROM WHAT IS CONTAINED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS DATED ________, 2003. YOU SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT THE
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS ACCURATE AS OF ANY
DATE OTHER THAN THIS DATE, AND NEITHER THE MAILING OF THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS NOR THE DELIVERY OF SHARES OF KROLL COMMON STOCK IN
CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER WILL CREATE ANY IMPLICATION TO THE CONTRARY.

                                       ii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q:    WHAT IS THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND WHAT ARE THE REASONS FOR IT?

A:    Kroll will acquire Factual Data by merging a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Kroll into Factual Data. As a result of the merger, Factual Data will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Kroll. For shareholders of Factual Data, the merger
will provide cash and allow participation in a larger and more diversified
public company and will provide more resources for Factual Data to expand its
business and its market presence. The reasons Factual Data and Kroll are
proposing the merger are discussed in more detail later in this proxy
statement/prospectus. See "The Merger - Factual Data Board of Directors'
Reasons for the Merger," beginning on page _____.

Q.    WHAT WILL FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A:    Upon completion of the merger, for each share of Factual Data common stock
owned just before the merger, Factual Data shareholders will be entitled to
receive $14.00 in cash and a partial share of Kroll common stock calculated to
have a value equal to $3.50 based on the volume weighted average price of Kroll
common stock over a period of 20 consecutive trading days ending three trading
days before the vote of the Factual Data shareholders at the Factual Data
special meeting. If this average price is $29.15 or more, Factual Data
shareholders will receive 0.1201 of a share of Kroll common stock. If this
average price is $23.85 or less, Factual Data shareholders will receive 0.1467
of a share of Kroll common stock. However, if this average price is less than
$23.85, the Factual Data board of directors can terminate the merger agreement
unless Kroll agrees to deliver to Factual Data shareholders Kroll common stock
calculated to have a value equal to $3.50 for each share of Factual Data common
stock, based on the volume weighted average price of Kroll common stock over the
period of 20 consecutive trading days ending three trading days before the vote
of the Factual Data shareholders at the Factual Data special meeting.

      The market price of Kroll common stock on the date of the merger will
probably be different from the volume weighted average price of Kroll common
stock over the period of 20 consecutive trading days ending three trading days
before the vote of the Factual Data shareholders at the Factual Data special
meeting. Thus, the value of the shares that Factual Data shareholders will
receive as a result of the merger may be more or less than $3.50 per share. We
believe using a 20 trading day period gives a better measure of the value over
time of the stock to be received.

      Kroll will issue only whole shares and will pay cash instead of issuing
fractional shares.

      In addition, Kroll will assume employee stock options to purchase shares
of Factual Data common stock that are outstanding and not exercised immediately
before the merger. Assumed options will become exercisable to purchase shares of
Kroll common stock and will generally have the same terms and conditions,
including vesting provisions, as were applicable under the Factual Data option
plans, except that the number of common shares subject to such stock options and
the exercise price of such stock options will each be adjusted by the final
exchange ratio in the merger. See "The Merger Agreement - Other Material
Covenants" beginning on page __ of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:    WILL FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS BE ABLE TO TRADE THE KROLL STOCK THAT THEY
RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A:    Yes, the shares of Kroll common stock you receive in the merger will be
listed on The Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "KROL." Certain persons
who are deemed affiliates of Factual Data will be required to comply with Rule
145 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which we refer to
as the Securities Act, if they sell their shares of Kroll common stock received
in the merger. Four shareholders of Factual Data, J.H. Donnan, the Chief
Executive Officer of Factual

Data, Marcia Donnan, J.H. Donnan's wife, James Donnan, President of Factual
Data, and Russell Donnan, Chief Information Officer of Factual Data, have agreed
that they will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Kroll shares they
receive in the merger for a period of three years although some of their shares
will be released from this lock-up in equal amounts at the end of the first and
second anniversaries of the closing of the merger, unless released earlier in
connection with the termination of any such shareholder's employment with
Factual Data under certain circumstances.

Q:    WHAT ARE THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO ME BECAUSE
OF THE MERGER?

A:    It is expected that, for United States federal income tax purposes, the
merger will be treated as a taxable sale by the Factual Data shareholders of
their shares of Factual Data common stock in which a Factual Data shareholder
will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount of
the cash consideration plus the fair market value of the stock consideration
received in the merger and (2) the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the
shares of Factual Data common stock surrendered in the merger.

Q:    WHEN DO YOU EXPECT TO COMPLETE THE MERGER?

A:    The merger is subject to various conditions described in the merger
agreement. We anticipate that the last of these conditions to be satisfied will
be the shareholder approval at the special meeting of Factual Data shareholders
described in this proxy statement/prospectus. Accordingly, if the shareholders
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger, we expect to complete the
merger shortly after the meeting.

Q:    WHAT SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL IS REQUIRED TO APPROVE THE MERGER?

A:    We cannot complete the merger unless, among other things, at least
two-thirds (66-2/3%) of the shares of Factual Data common stock outstanding and
entitled to vote at the special meeting vote to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and the merger. As of the Factual Data record date, Factual Data
directors, officers, the wife of a director and two institutional shareholders
were entitled to vote 3,498,669 shares or approximately 56% of Factual Data's
outstanding common stock. These persons have already agreed with Kroll to vote
their shares of Factual Data common stock in favor of the approval and adoption
of the merger agreement and the merger.

The approval of Kroll's stockholders is not required in connection with the
merger.

Q:    WHAT DOES FACTUAL DATA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMEND?

A:    After careful consideration of numerous factors, including a fairness
opinion from Roth Capital Partners, LLC, an investment banking firm, your board
of directors has determined that the proposed merger is desirable and in the
best interests of Factual Data and its shareholders, that Factual Data proceed
with the merger and that the terms of the merger are fair to you, and
unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the merger.

Q:    AM I ENTITLED TO DISSENTERS' RIGHTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER?

A:    Yes. You are entitled to dissent to the merger and exercise your rights
under Colorado law. See "The Merger - Dissenters' Rights" beginning on page __
of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:    ARE THERE RISKS I SHOULD CONSIDER IN DECIDING WHETHER TO VOTE FOR THE
APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER?

A:    Yes. You should consider carefully the risk factors set out in the section
entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on page __ of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:    WHERE CAN I FIND MORE INFORMATION ABOUT KROLL AND FACTUAL DATA?

A:    You can find more information about Kroll and Factual Data from reading
this proxy statement/prospectus and the various sources described in this proxy
statement/prospectus under the section entitled "Where You Can Find More
Information" beginning on page ____.

Q:    WHEN AND WHERE IS THE SHAREHOLDER MEETING?

A:    The Factual Data special meeting will be held on ________, July ___, 2003
at 10:00 A.M., Mountain time, at the offices of Factual Data at 5200 Hahns Peak
Drive, Loveland, Colorado 80538.

Q:    WHAT WILL HAPPEN AT THE SPECIAL MEETING?

A:    At the special meeting, Factual Data shareholders will vote on the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including
the merger.

Q:    WHAT DO I NEED TO DO TO VOTE?

A:    After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
proxy statement/prospectus, please mail your completed and signed proxy card in
the enclosed postage-paid return envelope as soon as possible so that your
shares may be represented at the special meeting. In order to assure that we
obtain your vote, please vote as instructed on your proxy card even if you
currently plan to attend the special meeting in person.

      If you sign and mail your proxy and do not indicate how you want to vote,
your proxy will be voted FOR the approval and adoption of the merger agreement
and the merger.

Q:    MAY I CHANGE MY VOTE EVEN AFTER RETURNING A PROXY CARD?

A:    Yes. If you want to change your vote, you may do so at any time before
your proxy is voted at the special meeting. You can do this in one of three
ways. First, you can complete and send a proxy with a later date. Second, you
can send a written notice to the corporate secretary of Factual Data or its
proxy solicitor stating that you would like to revoke your proxy. Third, you can
attend the special meeting and vote in person. Your attendance at the special
meeting alone will not revoke your proxy. See "The Special Meeting -- Revoking
Your Proxy" on page ____ of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Q:    IF MY BROKER HOLDS MY SHARES IN "STREET NAME," WILL MY BROKER VOTE MY
SHARES FOR ME?

A:    No. You should contact your broker. You should follow the directions
provided by your broker to vote your shares. Your broker will not vote your
shares on the merger proposal unless your broker receives appropriate
instructions from you. If you do not provide your broker with voting
instructions, your shares will be considered present at the special meeting for
purposes of determining a quorum but will not be considered to have been voted
in favor of approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger. As a
result, your shares will be considered to have been voted against approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the merger if you do not give appropriate
instructions to your broker.

      If you have instructed your broker to vote your shares, you must follow
directions received from your broker to change those instructions. You cannot
vote shares held in "street name" by returning a proxy card directly to Factual
Data or by voting in person at the special meeting.

Q:    SHOULD I SEND IN MY FACTUAL DATA STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A:    No. If Factual Data shareholders approve and adopt the merger agreement
and the merger, shortly after the merger is completed, Kroll will send you
written instructions, including a letter of transmittal, that will explain how
to exchange your Factual Data stock certificates for Kroll stock certificates
and cash. Please do not send in any Factual Data stock

certificates until you receive these written instructions and the letter of
transmittal.

Q:    WHO CAN HELP ANSWER MY QUESTIONS?

A:    If you have any questions about the merger or if you need additional
copies of this proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy card, you should
contact:

Factual Data Corp.
5200 Hahns Peak Drive
Loveland, Colorado 80538
Attention:  Daena Lee, Investor Relations
Telephone:  (970) 663-5700

You may also contact Factual Data's proxy solicitation agent:

Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc.
17 State Street, 10th Floor
New York, New York 10004
Telephone:  (877) 743-0668

                                     SUMMARY

      This summary highlights selected information from this proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. To better understand the merger and for a more complete
description of the legal terms of the merger, you should read carefully this
entire proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents to which you have been
referred. See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page _____. In
particular, you should read the documents annexed to this proxy
statement/prospectus, including the agreement and plan of reorganization and the
opinion of Roth Capital Partners, LLC, an investment banking firm engaged by
Factual Data in connection with the merger. Items in this summary include page
references directing you to a more complete description of that item.

                                  THE COMPANIES

KROLL INC.
900 Third Avenue
New York, New York 10022
(212) 593-1000

Kroll is a leading global provider of complementary risk consulting services.
Kroll assists businesses, governments and individuals throughout the world in
preventing, mitigating and responding to risk through an integrated suite of
services. Kroll's five business groups enable it to provide its clients with
comprehensive, single source, risk consulting services. These five business
groups are: (1) Consulting Services, which include business and financial
investigations, forensic accounting, business valuation, litigation consulting,
due diligence, litigation intelligence, asset tracing and analysis, monitoring
and special inquiries, market intelligence and intellectual property
infringement investigations; (2) Corporate Advisory and Restructuring, which
include corporate restructuring, operational turnaround, strategic advisory
services, financial crisis management and corporate finance services; (3)
Technology Services, which include electronic discovery, data recovery and
computer forensics services, along with related software solutions; (4)
Background Screening, which include pre-employment and security background
screening and substance abuse testing; and (5) Security Services, which include
security architecture and design, corporate security consulting, emergency
management and environmental services as well as protective services, operations
and training.

Shares of Kroll common stock are quoted for trading on The Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol "KROL."

For additional information regarding the business of Kroll, please see Kroll's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 and other
filings of Kroll with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page
__.

FACTUAL DATA CORP.
5200 Hahns Peak Drive
Loveland, Colorado 80538
(970) 663-5700

Factual Data provides a wide range of customized information services to
businesses across the United States that assist them in making critical
decisions, such as determining whether to make a mortgage or other loan, offer
employment, accept new tenants, or enter into a business relationship. Factual
Data specializes in providing customized mortgage credit reports and other
mortgage related services, consumer credit reports, employment screening,
resident screening, and commercial credit reports.

Factual Data's customers include mortgage lenders and independent mortgage
brokers, consumer lenders, employers, property managers, and other business
customers desiring information regarding creditworthiness and other matters.
Factual Data is an industry leader in delivering its service offerings over the
Internet and in utilizing technology and customer service

to provide its services with the speed, reliability, accuracy and customization
that industry participants increasingly demand. Factual Data markets its
services through its website and nationally through offices located in major
metropolitan areas.

Shares of Factual Data common stock are quoted for trading on The Nasdaq
National Market under the symbol "FDCC."

                          THE SPECIAL MEETING (PAGE __)

The special meeting of Factual Data shareholders will be held on ________,
__________, 2003, at 10:00 a.m., Mountain Time, at the offices of Factual Data
at 5200 Hahns Peak Drive, Loveland, Colorado 80538.

The record date for Factual Data shareholders entitled to receive notice of and
to vote at the Factual Data special meeting is the close of business on
_________, 2003. On that date, there were 6,222,684 shares of Factual Data
common stock outstanding of which approximately 3,498,669 were held by directors
and officers of Factual Data, the wife of a director and two institutional
shareholders. Each holder of record of Factual Data common stock on the record
date is entitled to one vote per share on the proposal to be presented at the
special meeting.

                             THE MERGER (PAGE _____)

The proposed merger is to be completed pursuant to a merger agreement among
Kroll, Factual Data and Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Kroll. In the merger, Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation will
merge with and into Factual Data and Factual Data will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Kroll. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A.

THE EXCHANGE RATIO; MERGER CONSIDERATION

Upon completion of the merger, for each share of Factual Data common stock owned
just before the merger, Factual Data shareholders will be entitled to receive
$14.00 in cash and a partial share of Kroll common stock calculated to have a
value equal to $3.50 based on the volume weighted average price of Kroll common
stock over a period of 20 consecutive trading days ending three trading days
before the vote of the Factual Data shareholders at the Factual Data special
meeting. If this average price is $29.15 or more, Factual Data shareholders will
receive 0.1201 of a share of Kroll common stock. If this average price is $23.85
or less, Factual Data shareholders will receive 0.1467 of a share of Kroll
common stock. However, if this average price is less than $23.85, the Factual
Data board of directors can terminate the merger agreement unless Kroll agrees
to deliver to Factual Data shareholders Kroll common stock calculated to have a
value equal to $3.50 for each share of Factual Data common stock, based on the
volume weighted average price of Kroll common stock over the period of 20
consecutive trading days ending three trading days before the vote of the
Factual Data shareholders at the special meeting.

The market price of Kroll common stock on the date of the merger will probably
be different from the volume weighted average price of Kroll common stock over
the period for 20 consecutive trading days ending three trading days before the
vote of the Factual Data shareholders at the special meeting. Thus, the value of
the shares that Factual Data shareholders will receive as a result of the merger
may be more or less than $3.50 per share. We believe using a 20 trading day
period gives a better measure of the value over time of the stock to be
received.

Factual Data will receive only whole shares of Kroll common stock and cash
instead of any fractional shares.

FACTUAL DATA STOCK OPTIONS (PAGE ____)

Upon completion of the merger, Kroll will assume employee stock options to
purchase shares of Factual Data common stock that are outstanding and not
exercised immediately before the merger. Assumed options will become exercisable
to purchase shares of Kroll common stock and will generally have the same terms
and conditions as were applicable under the Factual Data option plans, except
that the number of

common shares subject to such stock options, and the exercise price of such
stock options, will each be adjusted according to the final exchange ratio in
the merger. See "The Merger Agreement - Other Material Covenants" beginning on
page __ of this proxy statement/prospectus.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

Under Colorado law, Factual Data shareholders will have the right to dissent
from the merger and, subject to various conditions provided for under Colorado
law, receive cash for their Factual Data shares if the merger is completed. To
do this, holders of dissenting Factual Data shares must follow required
procedures, including filing notices and not voting their shares in favor of the
merger. A dissenting Factual Data shareholder will not receive any consideration
in the merger. See "The Merger - Dissenters' Rights" beginning on page _____ for
a description of the dissenters' rights available to Factual Data shareholders
and how they can exercise those rights. A copy of the Colorado dissenters'
rights statute is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C.

RESTRICTIONS ON THE ABILITY TO SELL SHARES OF KROLL COMMON STOCK

All shares of Kroll common stock received by shareholders of Factual Data in
connection with the merger will be freely transferable, except for shares of
Kroll common stock received by Factual Data shareholders who are considered to
be "affiliates" of Factual Data under the Securities Act of 1933 at the time of
the Factual Data special meeting. See "The Merger - Federal Securities Law
Consequences" on page _____. These persons may sell Kroll common stock they
receive in the merger in accordance with the volume and others limitations
prescribed by Rule 145 adopted under the Securities Act and all other legal
requirements. In addition, four shareholders of Factual Data, J.H. Donnan,
Marcia Donnan, James Donnan and Russell Donnan, have agreed that they will not
sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Kroll shares they receive in the merger
for a period of three years although some of their shares will be released from
this lock-up in equal amounts at the end of the first and second anniversaries
of the closing of the merger, unless released earlier in connection with the
termination of any such shareholder's employment with Factual Data under certain
circumstances.

TAX TREATMENT

It is expected that, for United States federal income tax purposes, the merger
will be treated as a taxable sale by the Factual Data shareholders of their
shares of Factual Data common stock in which a Factual Data shareholder will
recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the amount of the
cash consideration plus the fair market value of the stock consideration
received in the merger and (2) the shareholder's adjusted tax basis in the
shares of Factual Data common stock surrendered in the merger.

To review the tax consequences of the merger in greater detail, see "The Merger
- - Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences" beginning on page _____. The
tax consequences to Factual Data shareholders will depend on the facts and
circumstances of a shareholder's own situation. Factual Data shareholders should
consult their tax advisors for a full understanding of the tax consequences to
them.

INTERESTS OF FACTUAL DATA'S DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND KEY EMPLOYEES IN THE MERGER

In considering the recommendation of the Factual Data board of directors in
favor of the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger,
Factual Data shareholders should be aware that members of Factual Data's board
of directors, executive officers and key employees will receive benefits as a
result of the merger that will be in addition to or different from the benefits
received by Factual Data shareholders generally. The board of Factual Data
recognized those interests and considered them when it approved the merger
agreement and the merger. These benefits include:

- -     the acceleration of the exercisability and vesting of 50,500 outstanding
      options held by directors, officers and key employees;

- -     employment agreements entered into between Kroll and senior Factual Data
      officers and key employees; and

- -     options to purchase shares of Kroll common stock that will be granted to
      certain senior Factual Data officers and key employees.

See "The Merger - Interests of Factual Data's Directors and Officers and Key
Employees in the Merger Other Than as Shareholders" beginning on page _____.

REGULATORY APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR THE MERGER

Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and
the rules under the HSR Act, we cannot complete the merger until we have given
notification and furnished information relating to the operations of the parties
and the industries in which they operate to the Antitrust Division of the U.S.
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and a specified waiting
period expires or is terminated. We both filed notification and report forms
under the HSR Act with the Antitrust Division and the FTC on June 26, 2003.

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

Completion of the merger depends upon satisfaction of a number of conditions,
including:

- -     continuing effectiveness of the registration statement of which this proxy
      statement/prospectus is a part;

- -     approval and adoption by the Factual Data shareholders of the merger
      agreement and the merger;

- -     the absence of legal restraints to completion of the merger;

- -     the receipt of all necessary regulatory or governmental clearances;

- -     the filing with The Nasdaq National Market of an application for the
      listing of additional shares for the Kroll common stock to be issued or
      reserved for issuance in connection with the merger;

- -     the absence of any material adverse changes in the businesses of Factual
      Data since December 31, 2002;

- -     the absence of any of the following "force majeure" events having
      occurred: (i) a general suspension of trading on the New York Stock
      Exchange or on Nasdaq for a period in excess of three hours, (ii) a
      decline in excess of 25% on the Nasdaq composite index after the date of
      the merger agreement, (iii) a general suspension of trading on Nasdaq for
      at least two consecutive business days during the five business days prior
      to completion of the merger; or (iv) armed hostilities, international
      calamity or acts of terrorism which has had or could reasonably be
      expected to have a material adverse effect on Factual Data; and

- -     that certain third party consents obtained by Factual Data continue to be
      in full effect.

For further details of all of the closing conditions, see "The Merger Agreement
- - Conditions to Completion of the Merger" beginning on page _____.

If specified conditions to closing have not been satisfied by the date of the
Factual Data shareholders meeting, Factual Data may adjourn its meeting until
those conditions have been satisfied. See "The Merger Agreement - Other Material
Covenants - Shareholders Meeting."

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER

Either Kroll or Factual Data may terminate the merger agreement if:

- -     both parties consent in writing;

- -     the merger is not completed by October 31, 2003 through no fault of the
      party seeking to terminate the merger;

- -     the Factual Data shareholders do not approve and adopt the merger
      agreement and the merger;

- -     there are legal restraints preventing the merger;

- -     a representation or warranty of the other party in the merger agreement
      fails to be true and correct in all material respects; provided that each
      party has the right to cure such failure within 15 days up until ____,
      2003; or

- -     the other party fails to perform or comply in all material respects with a
      covenant, obligation or condition contained in the merger agreement and
      the failure is not cured within 15 days of a notice of breach.

Kroll also may terminate the merger agreement if:

- -     Factual Data's board of directors withdraws or modifies in a manner
      adverse to Kroll its approval, adoption or recommendation of the merger
      agreement or the merger;

- -     Factual Data's board of directors fails to reaffirm its recommendation of
      the merger agreement or the merger within 10 business days after Kroll
      requests a reaffirmation of the recommendation following the public
      announcement of an alternative acquisition proposal for Factual Data;

- -     Factual Data's board of directors recommends an alternative transaction
      with a third party;

- -     Factual Data's board of directors fails to recommend rejection of a tender
      or exchange offer being commenced by a third party for 15% or more of the
      outstanding shares of Factual Data stock;

- -     Factual Data fails to hold the special meeting within 45 days after the
      registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part
      becomes effective, unless Factual Data adjourns its meeting because
      specified conditions have not been satisfied or waived by the date of its
      special meeting, as long as Factual Data holds the meeting within two
      business days after those conditions have been satisfied or waived; or

- -     If consents to assignment or change of control which Factual Data has
      obtained relating to agreements with Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
      are terminated or are otherwise no longer in effect prior to completion of
      the merger.

Factual Data may terminate the merger agreement to accept an alternative
acquisition proposal if:

- -     its board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with
      independent financial and legal advisors, that the alternative proposal
      (1) is reasonably capable of being completed on the terms proposed and (2)
      would result in a transaction more favorable to Factual Data shareholders
      from a financial point of view than the proposed merger with Kroll; and

- -     Factual Data gives Kroll notice that it intends to enter into an agreement
      or letter of intent regarding the alternative proposal, unless Kroll
      submits a counterproposal within 72 hours of receipt of such notice, in
      which event Factual Data will negotiate with Kroll in good faith until the
      expiration of such 72 hour period.

Factual Data may also terminate the agreement if the volume weighted average
price of Kroll common stock over a period of 20 consecutive trading days ending
three trading days before the vote of the Factual Data shareholders at the
Factual Data special meeting is less than $23.85; provided that (1) it delivers
and does not withdraw written notice to Kroll no later than two trading days
before the Factual Data special meeting that it is terminating the agreement for
this reason and (2) Kroll has not agreed in writing at least one trading day
prior to the date of the Factual Data special meeting to deliver to Factual Data
shareholders the cash consideration and Kroll common stock valued at $3.50 per
share of Factual Data common stock based on the 20 consecutive trading day
volume weighted average price of the Kroll common stock.

For further details, see "The Merger Agreement - Termination" beginning on page
_____.

TERMINATION FEE; FEES AND EXPENSES; NO SOLICITATION PROVISIONS

If the merger is terminated under specified circumstances, generally involving
an alternative acquisition transaction, Factual Data will be required to pay a
termination fee of $3.5 million to Kroll. In addition, Factual Data or Kroll may
have to pay up to $750,000 of the other party's out-of-pocket expenses if the
merger agreement is terminated under other specified

circumstances. See "The Merger Agreement - Termination - Fees and Expenses;
Termination Fee" beginning on page _____ for a discussion of the circumstances
in which the termination fee and other expenses are payable.

Factual Data has agreed that it will not solicit or encourage the initiation of
any inquiries or proposals regarding any alternative acquisition transactions
with third parties. However, Factual Data may respond to unsolicited acquisition
proposals if required by the fiduciary duties of Factual Data's board of
directors, but it must promptly notify Kroll if it receives a proposal for any
alternative acquisition transactions. See "The Merger Agreement - No
Solicitation" beginning on page _____.

The termination fee and the no-solicitation provisions may have the effect of
discouraging persons who might be interested in entering into an acquisition
transaction with Factual Data from proposing an alternative acquisition
transaction.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

The merger will be accounted for as a purchase by Kroll in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE FACTUAL DATA BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO SHAREHOLDERS (PAGE
____)

After careful consideration of numerous factors, including the fairness opinion
received from Roth Capital Partners, LLC, the Factual Data board of directors
has determined that the proposed merger is desirable and in the best interests
of Factual Data and its shareholders, that Factual Data proceed with the merger
and that the terms of the merger are fair to you, and unanimously recommends
that you vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
merger.

OPINION OF ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC (PAGE _____)

Roth Capital Partners, LLC, an investment banking firm, delivered a written
opinion to the Factual Data board of directors to the effect that, as of June
23, 2003 and based upon and subject to the various considerations set forth in
the opinion, the merger consideration was fair to holders of Factual Data common
stock, from a financial point of view. We have attached this opinion, dated June
23, 2003, as Annex B to this proxy statement/prospectus. We encourage you to
read this opinion carefully. You should also carefully read the section "Opinion
of Roth Capital Partners, LLC" for a description of the procedures followed,
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the work undertaken by
them. The opinion of Roth Capital Partners, LLC, is addressed to the Factual
Data board of directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any
shareholder as to how such shareholder should vote on any matter relating to the
merger.

VOTING REQUIREMENTS (PAGE _____)

In order to complete the merger, the holders of at least two-thirds (66-2/3%) of
the outstanding shares of Factual Data common stock must approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the merger. Kroll stockholders are not required to approve
and adopt the merger agreement or the merger. You are entitled to cast one vote
per share of Factual Data common stock that you owned as of close of business on
_________, 2003, the record date for the special meeting.

VOTING AGREEMENT (PAGE _____)

As a condition to Kroll's entering into the merger agreement, Factual Data's
directors, officers, the wife of a director and two institutional shareholders
entered into a voting agreement with Kroll in which each has agreed, among other
things, to vote his or her owned shares of Factual Data common stock in favor of
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger and against any
action that would change Factual Data's directors, capitalization or
organizational documents, delay or prevent the merger and against any
alternative transaction. These persons have the right, as of the Factual Data
record date, to vote a total of 3,498,669 shares of Factual Data common stock or
approximately

56% of the outstanding shares of Factual Data common stock as of the record
date.

In connection with the voting agreements, these persons have granted to an
affiliate of Kroll an irrevocable proxy to vote their shares in accordance with
the terms of the voting agreements and have waived their rights of appraisal or
rights to dissent with respect to the merger. These persons have also agreed
that they will not, in their capacities as shareholders of Factual Data, engage
in any discussions or negotiations regarding any alternative acquisition
transaction with third parties.

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS OF FACTUAL DATA AND KROLL (PAGE _____)

The rights of Factual Data shareholders are governed by Colorado law and Factual
Data's amended and restated articles of incorporation and its amended bylaws.
The rights of Kroll stockholders are governed by Delaware law and Kroll's
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and its bylaws. For a summary
of material differences between the rights of Factual Data shareholders and
Kroll stockholders, see "Comparison of Rights of Shareholders of Factual Data
and Stockholders of Kroll" beginning on page _____

RISK FACTORS

In considering whether to approve and adopt the merger-related proposal, you
should consider risks related to the merger and other risks related to Kroll.
See "Risk Factors" beginning on page _____ for a more detailed discussion of
these risks.

                          FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION

      Some statements contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the
United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements
can sometimes be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as
"anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "will" and
similar expressions. All forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties. In particular, any statements regarding the timing or benefits of
the merger and the value of the shares of Kroll common stock to be received by
Factual Data shareholders as consideration for the merger, as well as
expectations with respect to future sales and other results of operations,
operating efficiencies and product expansion, are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and contingencies. Many of these risks, uncertainties and
contingencies are beyond the control of Kroll and may cause actual results,
performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results,
performance or achievements. Factors that might affect these forward-looking
statements include, among other things:

            -     the impact of fluctuations in the share price of shares of
                  Kroll common stock;

            -     overall economic and business conditions;

            -     the demand for Kroll's and Factual Data's services;

            -     competitive factors in the industries in which Kroll and
                  Factual Data compete;

            -     changes in U.S. and non-U.S. government regulations;

            -     changes in tax requirements (including tax rate changes, new
                  tax laws and revised tax law interpretations);

            -     results of litigation;

            -     interest rate fluctuations and other capital market
                  conditions, including foreign currency rate fluctuations;

            -     economic and political conditions in international markets,
                  including governmental changes, international hostilities and
                  restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across
                  borders;

            -     the ability of Kroll to achieve anticipated benefits in
                  connection with the acquisition of Factual Data;

            -     the timing, impact and other uncertainties of any future
                  acquisitions by Kroll; and

            -     the other risk factors described below under the heading "Risk
                  Factors."

      Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking
statements contained in this proxy statement/prospectus. These forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. In
evaluating forward-looking statements, you should consider these risks and
uncertainties, together with the other risks described from time to time in
Kroll's and Factual Data's reports and documents filed with the SEC, and you
should not place undue reliance on these statements.

      All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to
Kroll or Factual Data or any person acting on their behalf are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or

referred to in this section. Neither Kroll nor Factual Data assumes any
obligation to update any such forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.

      For additional factors that might affect these forward-looking statements
with respect to Kroll, see the factors identified under the heading "Risk
Factors" in Kroll's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2002. For additional factors that might affect these forward-looking statements
with respect to Factual Data, see the factors identified under the heading
"Special Considerations" in Factual Data's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2002, a copy of which accompanies this proxy
statement/prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More Information" on page _____.

                                  RISK FACTORS

      By voting in favor of the approval and adoption of the merger agreement
and the merger, you will be choosing to invest a portion of the consideration to
be received in the merger in Kroll common stock. In addition to reading and
considering the other information we have included or incorporated by reference
in, or that accompanies, this proxy statement/prospectus, you should carefully
read and consider the following factors in evaluating the merger agreement and
the merger at the special meeting of Factual Data shareholders.

RISKS RELATED TO THE PROPOSED MERGER

SINCE THE MARKET PRICE OF KROLL COMMON STOCK WILL VARY AFTER THE MERGER EXCHANGE
RATIO BECOMES FIXED, FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS CANNOT BE CERTAIN OF THE VALUE OF
THE CONSIDERATION THEY WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER.

      Upon completion of the merger, for each share of Factual Data common stock
owned just before the merger, Factual Data shareholders will be entitled to
receive $14.00 in cash and a partial share of Kroll common stock calculated to
have a value equal to $3.50 based on the volume weighted average price of Kroll
common stock over a period of 20 consecutive trading days ending three trading
days before the vote of the Factual Data shareholders at the special meeting. If
this average price is $29.15 or more, Factual Data shareholders will receive
0.1201 of a share of Kroll common stock. If this average price is $23.85 or
less, Factual Data shareholders will receive 0.1467 of a share of Kroll common
stock. However, if this average price is less than $23.85, the Factual Data
board of directors can terminate the merger agreement unless Kroll agrees to
deliver to Factual Data shareholders Kroll common stock calculated to have a
value equal to $3.50 for each share of Factual Data common stock, based on the
volume weighted average price of Kroll common stock over the period of 20
consecutive trading days ending three trading days before the vote of the
Factual Data shareholders at the special meeting. Assuming the volume weighted
average price of Kroll common stock equals the closing price of Kroll common
stock on The Nasdaq National Market of $26.64 on June 23, 2003, the day the
merger agreement was signed, Factual Data shareholders would receive 0.1314 of a
share of Kroll common stock, with a value of $3.50. The market price of Kroll
common stock on the date of the merger will probably be different from the
volume weighted average price of Kroll common stock over the period of 20
consecutive trading days ending three trading days before the vote of the
Factual Data shareholders at the special meeting. The market value of Kroll
common stock fluctuates for many reasons, including changes in the business,
operations or prospects of Kroll, regulatory considerations or general market or
economic conditions. Thus, the value of the shares that Factual Data
shareholders will receive as a result of the merger may be more or less than
$3.50 per share. Other than as described above, the exchange ratio will not be
adjusted in the event of any increase or decrease in the price of Kroll common
stock or Factual Data common stock.

      The exchange ratio will not be fixed until three trading days before the
date of the vote of the Factual Data shareholders at the special meeting. In
addition, the merger may not be completed immediately after the special meeting.
Accordingly, at the time of the special meeting, Factual Data shareholders will
know the exchange ratio but will not know the exact market value of the Kroll
stock they will receive when the merger is completed.

THE EXPECTED BENEFITS OF THE MERGER MAY NOT BE REALIZED.

      We cannot assure you that our two companies will be successfully combined
into a single business. If we cannot successfully combine our operations, Kroll
may experience a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or
results of operations. The merger involves combining two companies that have
previously operated separately. The combining of companies such as Kroll and
Factual Data involves a number of risks, including:

            -     the diversion of management's attention to the combining of
                  operations;

            -     difficulties in the combining of operations and systems,
                  particularly sales and marketing organizations;

            -     difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees;

            -     challenges in keeping existing clients and obtaining new
                  clients; and

            -     potential adverse short-term effects on operating results.

      Because of difficulties in combining operations, Kroll may not be able to
realize the cost savings, revenue growth and other benefits that it hopes to
achieve after completion of the merger. In addition, Kroll may be required to
spend additional time or money on integration that would otherwise be spent on
the development of its business and services.

THE TRADING PRICE OF KROLL COMMON STOCK MAY BE AFFECTED BY FACTORS DIFFERENT
FROM THOSE AFFECTING THE PRICE OF FACTUAL DATA COMMON STOCK; THE KROLL PRICE
COULD DECLINE FOLLOWING THE MERGER.

      Upon completion of the merger, holders of Factual Data common stock will
become holders of Kroll common stock. Kroll's business differs from that of
Factual Data. Accordingly, Kroll's results of operations, as well as the trading
price of shares of Kroll common stock, may be affected by factors different from
those affecting Factual Data's results of operations and the price of Factual
Data's common stock.

FACTUAL DATA EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND KEY EMPLOYEES HAVE INTERESTS
OTHER THAN AS FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS THAT MAY INFLUENCE THEM TO SUPPORT THE
MERGER.

      When considering the recommendations of the board of directors of Factual
Data regarding the merger, you should be aware of the interests that executive
officers, directors and key employees of Factual Data have in the merger that
are different from, or in addition to, interests of shareholders generally.
These interests include, among others:

            -     the acceleration of the exercisability and vesting of 50,500
                  outstanding options held by directors, officers and key
                  employees;

            -     new employment agreements between Kroll and certain members of
                  Factual Data's senior management and key employees, three of
                  whom are directors, that will be effective upon completion of
                  the merger, which provide for, among other things, salaries,
                  bonuses, incentives, severance pay and other benefits; and

            -     the grant of Kroll stock options to purchase shares of Kroll
                  common stock to certain members of senior management and key
                  employees of Factual Data, two of whom are also directors.

      As a result, these directors, officers and key employees may be more
likely to vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger than if
they did not have these other interests. As of the record date, Factual Data
executive officers and directors, the wife of a director and two institutional
shareholders, who own approximately 3,498,669 shares of Factual Data common
stock, which represent approximately 56% of all outstanding shares of Factual
Data common stock entitled to vote at the Factual Data special meeting of
shareholders, have agreed to vote in favor of the approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the merger. See "The Merger - Interests of Factual Data
Directors, Officers and Key Employees in the Merger Other Than as Shareholders."

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO KROLL

KROLL MAY NOT BE ABLE TO DEVELOP OR MANAGE ITS INTERNAL GROWTH.

      Growing Kroll's existing businesses may strain its management, human
resources and information systems. To manage Kroll's growth successfully, it
must add managers and employees and periodically update its operating, financial
and other systems, procedures and controls. In addition, issues relating to new
acquisitions may divert Kroll's management's attention from existing operations.
It also must effectively motivate, train and manage a larger professional staff.
If Kroll fails to manage its growth effectively, its business could be
materially adversely affected.

KROLL MAY NOT BE ABLE TO IMPLEMENT ITS ACQUISITION STRATEGY.

      While Kroll has experience in identifying and integrating acquisitions, it
may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, obtain the capital
necessary to pursue its acquisition strategy or complete acquisitions on
satisfactory terms or at all. When companies are acquired, Kroll may not be able
to integrate or manage these businesses so as to produce returns that justify
the investment.

      A number of Kroll's competitors have also adopted the strategy of
expanding and diversifying through acquisitions. Kroll experiences competition,
therefore, in its effort to execute its acquisition strategy, and it expects the
level of competition to increase. As a result, Kroll may be unable to continue
to make acquisitions or may be forced to pay more for the companies it is able
to acquire.

KROLL HAS HAD OPERATING LOSSES IN THREE OF THE PAST FOUR YEARS.

      For the three years ended December 31, 1999, 2000 and 2001, Kroll reported
net losses of approximately $1.9 million, $33.9 million and $21.4 million,
respectively. While Kroll reported net income of $16.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2002, and $11.3 million for the three months ended March 31,
2003, there can be no assurance that Kroll will be profitable in the future.

KROLL FACES A NUMBER OF RISKS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS ZOLFO COOPER SUBSIDIARY.

      The business of Kroll Zolfo Cooper, which was acquired by Kroll on
September 5, 2002, makes up a significant portion of Kroll's Corporate Advisory
and Restructuring Group. This business has grown rapidly in the last several
years. This growth is, in part, attributable to worsening economic conditions in
the U.S., major financial failures due to poor management and industry failures
resulting in an increased number of large bankruptcies and restructurings that
have occurred during this period. Kroll Zolfo Cooper may not be able to sustain
this historical level of performance. If the demand for financial restructuring
and turnaround services declines as a result of an improved economy or
otherwise, Kroll's business may be materially adversely affected.

      Furthermore, Kroll's Corporate Advisory and Restructuring Group is highly
dependent upon Stephen Cooper, Michael France and Leonard LoBiondo, the three
former principal owners of Kroll Zolfo Cooper, for the generation of new
business as well as the retention of existing clients. The loss of their
services could materially adversely affect Kroll's business.

      In addition, a significant portion of Kroll Zolfo Cooper's sales each year
has historically been attributable to contingent fees and a relatively small
number of clients, which vary from year to year. In 2000, 2001, and 2002, Kroll
Zolfo Cooper earned contingent fees of $3.3 million, $8.6 million and $4.5
million, respectively. In the three months ended March 31, 2003, Kroll Zolfo
Cooper earned contingent fees of $3.4 million. Contingent fees are negotiated on
a case-by-case basis, are payable upon the successful completion of stipulated
events, such as a successful restructuring, and are usually agreed upon in
advance in a fixed amount that is related to the size and

complexity of a project and not the amount of time spent on the project. Payment
of contingent fees earned by Kroll Zolfo Cooper in connection with pending
bankruptcy cases is also subject to bankruptcy court approval. To the extent it
is unable to continue to earn contingent fees consistent with past levels due to
competitive or other factors, Kroll's business may be materially adversely
affected.

      Kroll Zolfo Cooper performed services for more than 90 clients in 2000,
more than 80 clients in 2001, and more than 73 clients in 2002; however, in
2000, 2001 and 2002, 28.2%, 24.1%, and 47%, respectively, of Kroll Zolfo
Cooper's consolidated revenue was derived from five clients. In one instance
during 2000 and 2001 and in two instances during 2002, a single client accounted
for more than 10% of Kroll Zolfo Cooper's consolidated revenues for the
applicable year. If it is unable to retain existing Corporate Advisory and
Restructuring Group clients and replace them in future years with new clients,
Kroll's business may be materially adversely affected.

KROLL IS HIGHLY DEPENDENT ON EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT AND OTHER KEY EMPLOYEES.

      Kroll relies heavily on its executive management and key employees to
provide services and for continued business development, including, in
particular, Jules B. Kroll and Michael G. Cherkasky. Competition for these
personnel is intense. Kroll does not have non-compete agreements with many of
its professional staff. This means that these professionals could resign to join
one of Kroll's competitors with little advance notice. Kroll's business could be
materially adversely affected if a number of its executive managers, senior
managers or key employees were to leave and if it were unable to attract and
retain qualified replacements.

KROLL'S SUCCESS IS LARGELY DEPENDENT UPON ITS ABILITY TO HIRE AND RETAIN SKILLED
PROFESSIONALS.

      Competition for competent professionals, particularly for personnel with
the specific skills necessary to perform the services that Kroll offers, is
intense and has caused wages to increase at a rate greater than the general rate
of inflation. Kroll's professionals have varied specialties and backgrounds in
such fields as law, accounting, law enforcement and engineering. A number of
Kroll's professionals have highly specialized skills or advanced degrees and
many have legal training and experience. Kroll may not be successful in
attracting, hiring and retaining qualified people at favorable rates or at all.
If Kroll is unable to hire and retain skilled professionals, its business could
be materially adversely affected.

KROLL'S PROFESSIONAL REPUTATION IS CRITICAL TO ITS BUSINESS.

      As a company in a client service business, Kroll depends upon its
reputation and the individual reputations of its senior professionals to obtain
new client engagements. Kroll obtains a substantial number of new engagements
from existing clients or through referrals from existing clients. Any factor
that diminishes its reputation or the reputations of its senior professionals
may make it more difficult for Kroll to compete successfully for either new
engagements or to retain existing clients and therefore could materially
adversely affect its business.

COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS COULD MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECT KROLL'S BUSINESS.

      The markets in which Kroll does, and intends to do, business are highly
competitive with few barriers to entry. In most service areas in which Kroll
operates, there is at least one competitor that is significantly larger or more
established than Kroll is in the delivery of that particular service. Many of
the national and international accounting and consulting firms, along with other
companies such as FTI Consulting, Inc., Securitas AB and its subsidiary
Pinkerton Consulting & Investigations, Inc., Alvarez & Marsal, AlixPartners,
Control Risks Group Limited, Investigations Group, Inc., Crossroads,
ChoicePoint, Inc., and Applied Discovery, Inc. provide consulting and other
services similar to some of Kroll's services. Some of these firms have indicated
an interest in providing services similar to Kroll's on a broader scale and may
prove to be formidable competitors if they elect to devote the necessary
resources to these competitive businesses. The national and international
accounting and consulting firms have significantly larger financial and other
resources than Kroll has and have long-established relationships

with their clients, which also are likely to be clients or prospective clients
of Kroll's. In addition, large multinational security services providers have
indicated an interest in expanding their services to include value-added
services such as some of the risk mitigation services Kroll provides.

KROLL'S BUSINESS VARIES FROM PERIOD TO PERIOD.

      Kroll's net sales and net income from year-to-year and period-to-period
are not necessarily predictable and historically there has not been a consistent
year-to-year pattern of growth. Period-to-period comparisons within a given year
or between years may not be meaningful or indicative of operating results over a
full fiscal year. The demand for many of Kroll's services is affected by general
economic conditions and the level of corporate acquisitions and other financial
transactions; clients tend to reduce their reliance on these services during
periods when there is a decline in those activities. Kroll's Corporate Advisory
and Restructuring Group specializes in assisting companies that are financially
distressed. This business is cyclical but counter to some of the other areas of
Kroll's business. Because of the nature of Kroll's Corporate Advisory and
Restructuring Group's practice, once Kroll finishes an engagement with a debtor
client, it is unlikely to generate additional revenue from that client. A
significant decline in revenue of the Corporate Advisory and Restructuring Group
could have a material adverse effect on Kroll's business. In addition, Kroll's
operating results are affected by specific market conditions, including, among
other risk factors discussed in this section, increased competition, the mix of
services sold among Kroll's service offerings, its ability to control costs and
the demand for its services. The timing of future acquisitions and the cost of
integrating them may cause fluctuations in Kroll's operating results as well.

KROLL MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING WHEN IT NEEDS IT OR OBTAIN
IT ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS.

      There can be no assurance that Kroll's available financing and anticipated
cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet all of its cash
requirements. Kroll may also need additional capital in order to finance
internal growth or pursue acquisitions. Kroll may not be able to replace its
credit facility at the time it becomes due. In addition, the terms of any
alternate credit arrangement may restrict Kroll's financial and operating
flexibility.

      Kroll may also experience unexpected circumstances, including the
occurrence of any of the risk factors discussed in this section, which may have
a material adverse effect on Kroll's business. If Kroll requires additional
capital, it may have to borrow funds under new credit facilities or issue
equity, equity-related or debt securities. Kroll may decide to sell additional
shares of common stock to obtain additional capital. If Kroll sells more shares,
the price of its stock may decline significantly and your ownership may be
substantially diluted. Kroll cannot assure stockholders that additional
financing will be available or, if it is, whether it will be on acceptable
terms. Kroll's inability to obtain any needed financing, or the terms on which
it may be available, could have a material adverse effect on its business.

KROLL'S BUSINESS DEPENDS ON THE PROTECTION OF ITS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND
PROPRIETARY INFORMATION.

      Kroll relies on a combination of trade secret and trademark laws,
confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions and patent and copyright laws
to protect its proprietary rights in its products and technology. These measures
may not be adequate to protect its trade secrets and proprietary technology. As
a result, unauthorized third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use
Kroll's products or technology. Furthermore, Kroll may be subject to additional
risks as it enters into transactions in countries where intellectual property
laws are not well developed or are poorly enforced. Legal protection of Kroll's
rights may be ineffective in these countries. If Kroll must engage in litigation
to defend and enforce its intellectual property rights, either domestically or
in other countries, it could face substantial costs and diversion of resources,
regardless of the outcome of that litigation. Any future attempt by Kroll to
enforce its intellectual property rights might not be successful, might result
in royalties that are less than the cost of such enforcement efforts or might
result in the loss of the intellectual property altogether. Even if Kroll
succeeds in protecting its intellectual property, others may independently
develop similar technologies or products that do not infringe on its
intellectual property.

KROLL'S BUSINESS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES EXPOSES IT TO NUMEROUS RISKS THAT,
SINGLY OR TOGETHER, COULD MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECT ITS BUSINESS.

      In addition to Kroll's U.S. facilities, it has operations and assets in
Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India,
Italy, Japan, Mexico, the Philippines, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, Spain,
Switzerland and the U.K. Kroll also offers its services in other countries and
is seeking to increase its level of international business activity. Kroll's
international business exposes it to various risks. Currently, the most
significant risks relate to regional economic downturns in Central and South
America and in certain regions in Asia. Other risks of doing business outside
the United States include exchange rate fluctuations, foreign currency
restrictions, U.S. government-imposed prohibitions against offering services to
specific countries, expropriation of assets, war, civil uprisings and riots,
government instability, difficulties enforcing contracts under foreign legal
systems and unanticipated taxes, duties or other governmental assessments. Any
of these risks could result in a loss of business, significant unexpected
write-offs of assets or other unexpected costs that could have a material
adverse effect on Kroll's business.

      In the past, Kroll has occasionally had difficulty in collecting
significant accounts receivable for its services, particularly when the obligor
was located in a foreign country.

KROLL'S CREDIT FACILITY CONTAINS RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS THAT MAY LIMIT ITS
LIQUIDITY AND CORPORATE ACTIVITIES.

      Kroll's credit facility imposes operating and financial restrictions,
including restrictions that limit its ability to:

            -     pay dividends;

            -     incur additional indebtedness;

            -     create liens on its assets;

            -     sell the capital stock or other assets of its subsidiaries;

            -     make investments;

            -     engage in mergers and acquisitions;

            -     make capital expenditures; and

            -     change control of Kroll.

      These covenants could limit Kroll's operational flexibility and restrict
its ability to raise additional funds, if necessary, to finance operations and
to make principal and interest payments on its other debt. In addition, failure
to comply with these operational and financial covenants could result in an
event of default under the terms of the credit facility that, if not cured or
waived, could result in amounts borrowed under the credit facility becoming due
and payable. The effect of these covenants, or Kroll's failure to comply with
them, could materially adversely affect its business.

IF KROLL DEFAULTS UNDER ITS CREDIT FACILITY, IT COULD FORFEIT ITS RIGHTS IN ITS
ASSETS.

      Kroll has pledged substantially all its assets and its domestic
subsidiaries have pledged substantially all of their assets as security to the
lenders under Kroll's credit facility. A default under the credit facility, if
not waived

or modified, would permit the lenders to foreclose on the collateral and Kroll
could lose its rights in the collateral, which could have a material adverse
effect on its business.

CHANGES IN GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS AND LICENSING REQUIREMENTS COULD HAVE A
MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON ITS BUSINESS.

      Kroll is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and
regulations. Two of its subsidiaries hold private investigative licenses from,
and their investigative activities are regulated by, state and local government
agencies in various jurisdictions. Kroll also uses some data from outside
sources, including data from third party vendors and various government and
public records services, in performing its services. The use of this data is
regulated by certain laws and regulations. To date, applicable laws and
regulations have not interfered materially with the manner in which Kroll
obtains information and conducts its operations, including its access to data
used in its business. However, changes in these laws and regulations or the
adoption of new laws or regulations, particularly those relating to privacy,
could interfere with Kroll's method of operations and access to data and, as a
result, materially adversely affect its business.

      Additionally, the laboratory of Kroll's drug testing subsidiary,
Laboratory Specialists of America, Inc., is certified on the federal level and
licensed in a number of states. If Kroll's subsidiary's certification were
suspended or lost, it would not be eligible to perform testing for certain
clients requiring this certification, which could materially adversely affect
the drug testing services aspect of Kroll's business.

KROLL MAY BE SUBJECT TO POTENTIALLY SIGNIFICANT LIABILITY CLAIMS.

      The nature of Kroll's business exposes it to liability claims in instances
in which its clients suffer losses in spite of Kroll's efforts to mitigate their
risks. Kroll maintains professional liability insurance with a policy aggregate
limit of $25 million, including loss and claim expense. If one or more
successful claims substantially exceeded Kroll's coverage limits, it could have
a material adverse effect on its business.

      Kroll has been served with a Cdn. $40 million lawsuit in connection with a
negligence claim. Kroll's insurance coverage with respect to this lawsuit is
limited to Cdn. $15 million. Should this claim succeed, it would exceed this
coverage limit and, if large enough (either alone or in combination with other
claims), could have a material adverse effect on Kroll's business. Also, in the
ordinary course of Kroll's business, it is subject to claims of third parties,
other than clients, alleging trespass, invasion of privacy, negligence and other
tortious conduct by its investigators, consultants, professionals and other
personnel, which are not covered by insurance. Although Kroll endeavors to
minimize the risk of these claims, a substantial successful claim could have a
material adverse effect on its business.

KROLL'S BUSINESS MAY BE SUBJECT TO TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE.

      Kroll regularly develops solutions for its clients by using information
technology, electronic document management techniques, the Internet and other
state-of-the-art technologies. Many of these technologies have only recently
emerged, will rapidly change and may become obsolete as new technologies appear.
Kroll's future success will depend upon the ability of its professionals to
remain current with the rapid changes in the technologies it uses in its
business, to learn quickly to use new technologies as they emerge and to develop
new technology-based solutions as appropriate. If Kroll's professionals fail to
do this, it could be at a competitive disadvantage. Kroll's competitors may gain
exclusive access to improved technology, which also could put Kroll at a
competitive disadvantage. Industry standards are constantly evolving and there
may be changes in Kroll's clients' or prospective clients' preferences for
technology solutions. If Kroll cannot adapt to these changes, its business may
be materially adversely affected.

KROLL'S CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS PROVIDE FOR THE INDEMNIFICATION
AND EXCULPATION OF ITS DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.

      Kroll's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for
indemnification of its directors and officers and, in addition, provide that a
director of Kroll will not be personally liable to Kroll or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. However, a director
will remain liable for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to Kroll or
its stockholders, for unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchase
or redemption, or for any transaction from which the director derived any
improper personal benefit. In addition, pursuant to Kroll's certificate of
incorporation and Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, a
director will remain liable for acts or omissions not in good faith or that
involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law.

KROLL DOES NOT INTEND TO PAY DIVIDENDS.

      Kroll intends to retain future earnings, if any, that may be generated
from its operations to help finance the growth and development of its business,
and Kroll does not plan to pay dividends to its stockholders for the foreseeable
future. Furthermore, Kroll is prohibited from paying cash dividends by the terms
of its credit facility.

DELAWARE LAW, KROLL'S CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, BYLAWS AND DEBT INSTRUMENTS
CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT COULD DETER ACQUISITION BY A THIRD PARTY.

      Provisions contained in Delaware law, Kroll's certificate of
incorporation, its bylaws and its debt instruments could make it difficult for a
third party to acquire Kroll. Kroll's certificate of incorporation provides its
board of directors with the authority to issue preferred stock without the
approval of stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, may adversely affect the
voting and other rights of the holders of Kroll's capital stock and may
discourage, delay or prevent a takeover attempt that a stockholder might
consider in its best interest. Kroll's certificate of incorporation and bylaws
contain the following provisions that may have anti-takeover effects and may
discourage, delay or prevent a takeover attempt that a stockholder might
consider in its best interest. These provisions include:

            -     the requirement that there be three classes of directors and
                  that their terms be staggered;

            -     the requirement that a stockholder comply with specified
                  procedures, including advance written notice, before bringing
                  matters, including the nomination of directors, before a
                  stockholders' meeting;

            -     the specific denial of stockholders' ability to take action by
                  written consent; and

            -     the restriction of the right to call special meetings to only
                  the Executive Chairman of the board, the Chief Executive
                  Officer or the board of directors pursuant to a board
                  resolution.

      In addition, a change in control would be an event of default under
Kroll's credit facility and 6% convertible notes. These events would add to the
cost of acquisition, which could deter a third party from acquiring Kroll.

KROLL'S DRUG TESTING SERVICES ARE PERFORMED AT ONE LOCATION.

      Kroll's drug testing services are performed at its laboratory facility
located in Gretna, Louisiana. Should Kroll be unable to use this facility for
any reason, it may be unable to provide drug testing services which could
materially adversely affect Kroll's business.

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO FACTUAL DATA

      Certain risk factors are attendant to Factual Data's business and
operations. See "Special Considerations" in Item 1 of Factual Data's Annual
Report on Form 10-K, a copy of which accompanies this proxy
statement/prospectus. These risks are relevant if Factual Data were to continue
business as usual without giving effect to the proposed merger and also if the
merger occurs and Factual Data becomes a material part of the business and
operations of Kroll.

                      RECENT DEVELOPMENTS CONCERNING KROLL

      On June 18, 2003 Kroll sold its video surveillance subsidiary, InPhoto
Surveillance Inc., to International Claims Specialists, a division of
Dallas-based Examination Management Services, for $850,000 in cash. InPhoto,
which was part of Kroll's Background Screening Services Group, provides
surveillance services primarily to the insurance industry. The disposal of
InPhoto during the second quarter of 2003 will result in those operations being
classified as discontinued operations and will result in an after-tax charge to
Kroll of approximately $8.0 million, or approximately $0.19 per diluted share.
This amount, consisting primarily of a $7.5 million non-cash write-off of
non-tax deductible goodwill and the operating results of InPhoto through the
date of sale, will be segregated from continuing operations and reported as
discontinued operations in Kroll's financial statements.

                             FACTUAL DATA LITIGATION

      On June 27, 2003, a shareholder of Factual Data filed a lawsuit against
Factual Data and its directors in the District Court for the County of Larimer,
Colorado, William Troxler v. Factual Data Corporation [sic], Jerald H. Donnan,
Todd A. Neiberger, Robert J. Terry, J. Barton Goodwin, Daniel G. Helle, Abdul H.
Rajput and James N. Donnan. The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the
individual defendants engaged in self dealing in connection with the approval of
the merger agreement and the merger. The plaintiff also claims the individual
defendants obtained benefits not shared by the plaintiff, and that they breached
their fiduciary duties of care, loyalty, candor and independence owed under
Colorado law to Factual Data's public shareholders. The plaintiff further
alleges that Factual Data aided and abetted the other defendants' breaches of
fiduciary duty. The plaintiff seeks certification of the case as a class action,
and preliminary and permanent injunctive relief declaring that the proposed
merger agreement is unlawful and unenforceable. The plaintiff also seeks an
order enjoining consummation of the agreement, and an order directing the
defendants to exercise their fiduciary duties to obtain a transaction in the
best interests of Factual Data shareholders, and that they arrange to rescind
any implemented terms of the proposed transaction. Finally, the plaintiff
demands that the court impose a trust on any benefits received by the
defendants, and award attorneys' fees and costs. The plaintiff is seeking
equitable relief only, not monetary damages.

      Factual Data's board of directors believes that they have has met and will
continue to meet their fiduciary obligations. Factual Data and its directors
believe the suit is completely without merit and intend to contest it
vigorously.

                          SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

                           FOR KROLL AND FACTUAL DATA

      The following information is being provided to assist you in analyzing the
financial aspects of the merger.

KROLL

      The summary selected consolidated historical financial information
presented for Kroll for each of the five years ended December 31, 2002 was
derived from Kroll's audited consolidated financial statements. The summary
selected consolidated historical financial information presented for Kroll as of
March 31, 2003 and for the three months ended March 31, 2003 were derived from
Kroll's unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements. Operating results
for the three months ended March 31, 2003 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for a full year. This information should be read in
conjunction with the historical financial statements and related notes contained
in the annual, quarterly and other reports filed by Kroll with the SEC that are
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus. See "Where You Can
Find More Information" on page __.

      The unaudited pro forma data for the year ended December 31, 2002 was
prepared as though the proposed acquisition of Factual Data, Kroll's
acquisitions of Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper completed on June 13, 2002 and
September 5, 2002, respectively, and Kroll's common stock offering during
October 2002 had occurred on January 1, 2002. The unaudited pro forma data as of
March 31, 2003 and for the three months then ended were prepared as though the
proposed acquisition of Factual Data had occurred on March 31, 2003 and January
1, 2002, respectively.

FACTUAL DATA

      The following summary selected consolidated historical financial data
should be read in conjunction with Factual Data's consolidated financial
statements and related notes to those financial statements appearing in Factual
Data's Annual Report on Form 10-K included with this proxy statement/prospectus.
The statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999
and 2000 and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 1998, 1999, and 2000 are
derived from Factual Data's consolidated financial statements, which have been
audited by Ehrhardt Keefe Steiner & Hottman PC, its former independent public
accountants. The statements of operations data for the years ended December 31,
2001 and 2002 and the balance sheet data as of December 31, 2001 and 2002 are
derived from Factual Data's consolidated financial statements, which have been
audited by BDO Seidman, LLP, its independent public accountants. The summary
selected consolidated historical financial data provided below is not
necessarily indicative of Factual Data's future results of operations or
financial performance.

      The statement of operations data for the three months ended March 31, 2002
and 2003, and the balance sheet data as of March 31, 2003, are derived from the
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and the related notes to
those consolidated financial statements appearing in Factual Data's Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003 included with this
proxy statement/prospectus. Factual Data's interim results of operations may not
be indicative of the results of operations for the year ending December 31,
2003.

      This information should be read in conjunction with the historical
financial statements and related notes contained in the annual, quarterly and
other reports filed by Factual Data with the SEC. See "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page __. Factual Data's historical consolidated financial
statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2000, 2001 and 2002 and as
of and for the three months ended March 31, 2002 and 2003 are included in its
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 and its
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2003,
respectively, copies of which accompany this proxy statement/prospectus.

         SUMMARY SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                     AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA DATA OF KROLL

                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31                               THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31
                                 ----------------------------------------------------------------  -------------------------------
                                                    KROLL HISTORICAL                    PRO FORMA    KROLL HISTORICAL    PRO FORMA
                                 -----------------------------------------------------  ---------  --------------------  ---------
                                   1998       1999       2000       2001      2002 (5)    2002       2002       2003       2003
                                 ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
   OPERATIONS DATA(1):
Net sales ....................   $ 122,968  $ 187,845  $ 205,610  $ 207,877  $ 289,168  $ 421,666  $  56,016  $ 104,762  $ 125,714
Cost of sales ................      69,511    104,366    123,791    125,052    147,883    197,526     31,029     48,296     57,991
                                 ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
Gross profit .................   $  53,457  $  83,479  $  81,819  $  82,825  $ 141,285  $ 224,140  $  24,987  $  56,466  $  67,723
                                 =========  =========  =========  =========  =========  =========  =========  =========  =========
Operating income (loss)(2)....   $   5,379  $     164  $ (10,906) $  (4,688) $  31,438  $  68,280  $   4,494  $  19,125  $  23,925
Other expense(3)..............        (281)    (2,473)    (2,413)    (4,838)    (8,152)    (9,895)      (940)      (790)    (1,146)
                                 ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
Income (loss)
   before provision
   (benefit) for income
   taxes .....................       5,098     (2,309)   (13,319)    (9,526)    23,286     58,385      3,554     18,335     22,779
Provision (benefit)
   for income taxes .........        1,374     (1,105)     2,377      2,209      6,986     20,809      1,237      7,059      8,916
                                 ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
Income (loss) from

   continuing operations .....       3,724     (1,204)   (15,696)   (11,735)    16,300     37,576      2,317     11,276     13,863
Income (loss) from
   discontinued operations,
   net of tax(4)..............       8,062       (718)   (18,248)    (9,652)        81         --         --         --         --
                                 ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
Net income (loss) ............   $  11,786  $  (1,922) $ (33,944) $ (21,387) $  16,381  $  37,576  $   2,317  $  11,276  $  13,863
                                 =========  =========  =========  =========  =========  =========  =========  =========  =========

(1)   For a discussion of various other corporate initiatives by Kroll, see Note
      2 to Kroll's consolidated financial statements included in its
      2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporated by reference herein.

(2)   During 2002, Kroll adopted the non-amortization provisions of Statement of
      Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 142, "Goodwill and Other
      Intangible Assets." Accordingly the results of operations for the years
      2001, 2000, 1999 and 1998 reflect amortization of goodwill and
      indefinite-lived intangible assets, while the results for 2002 and 2003 do
      not reflect such amortization.

(3)   In accordance with SFAS No. 145, "Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44,
      and 64, Amendment of FASB Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections,"
      Kroll reclassified losses on extinguishments of debt recognized during
      2002 and 2001 from an extraordinary item to income from continuing
      operations.

(4)   Income (losses) from discontinued operations, net of tax includes the
      after tax results of Kroll's discontinued operations and any gain (loss)
      on disposal of discontinued operations. See Note 5 to Kroll's consolidated
      financial statements included in its 2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K
      incorporated by reference herein.

(5)   During 2002, Kroll completed the acquisition of Zolfo Cooper, LLC and
      Ontrack Data International, Inc. which materially impacted Kroll's results
      of operations. See Note 4 to Kroll's consolidated financial statements
      included in its 2002 Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporated by reference
      herein.

                                                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,                                THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH
                                 -----------------------------------------------------             -------------------------------
                                                  KROLL HISTORICAL                      PRO FORMA    KROLL HISTORICAL    PRO FORMA
                                 -----------------------------------------------------  ---------  --------------------  ---------
                                   1998       1999       2000       2001       2002       2002       2002       2003       2003
                                 ---------  ---------  ---------  --------   ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                             (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE DATA:
BASIC:
Income (loss) from continuing
operations ...................   $   0.19  $  (0.05)  $  (0.70)  $  (0.52)  $   0.55   $   1.06   $   0.10   $   0.28   $   0.34
Net income (loss) ............   $   0.61  $  (0.09)  $  (1.52)  $  (0.95)  $   0.56         --   $   0.10   $   0.28         --
Weighted average shares
outstanding ..................     19,337    22,006     22,295     22,479     29,449     35,290     22,870     40,003     40,822

DILUTED:
Income (loss) from continuing
operations....................   $   0.19  $  (0.05)   $ (0.70)  $  (0.52)  $   0.53   $   1.03   $   0.10   $   0.28   $   0.33
Net income (loss) ............   $   0.59  $  (0.09)   $ (1.52)  $  (0.95)  $   0.54         --   $   0.10   $   0.28         --
Weighted average shares
outstanding ..................     19,908    22,006     22,295     22,479     30,542     36,383     23,788     40,948     41,768

                                                       AS OF MARCH 31, 2003
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               KROLL HISTORICAL      PRO FORMA
                                               ----------------   --------------

                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:

Cash and cash equivalents.................     $         79,618   $       24,107

Working capital...........................     $        121,404   $       35,290

Property, plant and equipment, net........     $         26,760   $       32,702

Total assets..............................     $        555,552   $      641,212

Total debt, including current portion
  and capitalized leases..................     $         21,862   $       60,107

Stockholders' equity......................     $        469,556   $      500,027

 SUMMARY SELECTED CONSOLIDATED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF FACTUAL DATA

                                                                                               FOR THE THREE MONTHS
                                                   FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,              ENDED MARCH 31,
                                         ---------------------------------------------------   -------------------
                                          1998      1999        2000       2001       2002       2002       2003
                                         -------   -------   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                         (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
REVENUE:

   Mortgage services................     $ 8,867   $23,738   $  25,560   $ 42,552   $ 52,738   $ 11,234   $ 18,171
   Consumer services................          --        --       3,180      6,476      6,972      1,600      1,915
   Other services...................       1,077     2,092       2,521      2,212      3,362        655        866
                                         -------   -------   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
       Total revenue................       9,944    25,830      31,261     51,240     63,072     13,489     20,952
                                         =======   =======   =========   ========   ========   ========   ========

OPERATING EXPENSES:

   Cost of services.................       4,747    15,400      18,280     29,828     33,871      7,186     10,994
   Selling, general and administrative     2,067     4,907       8,132      9,263     12,757      2,817      3,552
   Depreciation and amortization....         776     2,715       4,131      3,621      4,555        994      1,211
   Acquisition consolidation costs(1)         --     1,245         602        158        115        109         --
   Branch efficiency costs(2).......          --        --       3,047       (170)        --         --         --
   Impairment adjustment to
     intangible assets(3)...........          --        --      11,798         --         --         --         --
                                         -------   -------   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
       Total operating expenses.....       7,590    24,267      45,990     42,700     51,298     11,106     15,757
                                         =======   =======   =========   ========   ========   ========   ========

Income (loss) from operations.......       2,354     1,563     (14,729)     8,540     11,774      2,383      5,195
Other income........................         185       201         502        496        484        105        127
Interest expense....................        (152)     (580)     (1,542)    (2,239)    (1,485)      (405)      (294)
                                         -------   -------   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------

Income (loss) before income taxes...       2,387     1,184     (15,769)     6,797     10,773      2,083      5,028
Income tax expense (benefit)........         810       525      (5,611)     2,660      4,313        787      2,091
                                         -------   -------   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Net income (loss)...................     $ 1,577   $   659   $ (10,158)  $  4,137   $  6,460   $  1,296   $  2,937
                                         =======   =======   =========   ========   ========   ========   ========

EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE:

   Basic............................     $  0.59   $  0.13   $   (1.89)  $   0.72   $   1.05   $   0.21   $   0.47
                                         =======   =======   =========   ========   ========   ========   ========
   Diluted..........................     $  0.57   $  0.13   $   (1.89)  $   0.71   $   1.04   $   0.21   $   0.47
                                         =======   =======   =========   ========   ========   ========   ========

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING:

   Basic............................       2,681     4,938       5,383      5,757      6,154      6,121      6,191
   Diluted..........................       2,769     5,219       5,383      5,819      6,210      6,176      6,246

                                                                                                As of
                                                         As of December 31,                    March 31,
                                         ---------------------------------------------------   --------
                                           1998      1999       2000       2001       2002       2003
                                         -------   -------   ---------   --------   --------   --------
                                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)

BALANCE SHEET DATA:

  Current assets...................      $ 6,331   $ 5,637   $   6,322   $ 12,794   $ 16,205   $ 20,231
  Total assets.....................       18,177    39,692      42,800     50,884     53,508     57,286
  Current liabilities..............        4,546     8,014      12,781     14,267     14,168     15,947
  Long-term debt and other liabilities     2,795     6,319       5,971      4,754      3,766      3,008
  Experian and other capital lease
    obligations....................           --        --       8,793      7,387      4,559      4,321
  Shareholders' equity.............       10,836    25,359      15,255     24,475     31,014     34,010

- ------------------

(1)   Acquisition consolidation costs include charges for items such as
      recruiting fees, salaries, and travel costs from the consolidation and
      relocation of the acquired companies' operations to Factual Data's
      regional processing centers.

(2)   Branch-efficiency costs consist primarily of future operating lease
      payments for office space, telecommunications and office equipment,
      leasehold improvements, furniture, and equipment for branches which have
      been relocated.

(3)      During fiscal 2000, Factual Data elected to change its method of
         evaluating intangible assets from an undiscounted cash flow approach to
         a discounted cash flow approach, resulting in a one-time charge of
         approximately $11.8 million.

                          SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
                   CONDENSED COMBINING FINANCIAL INFORMATION

      The following selected unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial
information has been derived from and should be read together with the unaudited
pro forma condensed combining financial statements and related notes on pages
_____ through _____. The information for the year ended December 31, 2002 is
based on the historical consolidated statements of operations of Kroll, Factual
Data, Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper, giving effect to the proposed acquisition of
Factual Data, Kroll's acquisitions of Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper completed on June
13, 2002 and September 5, 2002, respectively, and Kroll's common stock offering
during October 2002, as if these transactions occurred on January 1, 2002. The
information as of March 31, 2003 and for the three months then ended is based on
the consolidated historical balance sheets and statements of operations of Kroll
and Factual Data as if the merger had occurred on March 31, 2003 and January 1,
2002, respectively. This information is for illustrative purposes only. The
companies may have performed differently had they been combined for the periods
presented. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial
information is not necessarily indicative of the historical results that would
have occurred had the companies been combined for the periods presented, or the
future results that the combined company will experience after completion of the
merger.

                                                                 YEAR ENDED             THREE MONTHS ENDED
                                                              DECEMBER 31, 2002            MARCH 31, 2003
                                                              -----------------         ------------------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
                                                                         PER SHARE DATA)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:

Net sales.................................................          $421,666                  $125,714
Operating income..........................................            68,280                    23,925
Other expenses............................................            (9,895)                   (1,146)
Income before provision for income taxes..................            58,385                    22,779
Income from continuing operations.........................            37,576                    13,863
Diluted Income per share from continuing operations.......             $1.03                     $0.33
Weighted average shares outstanding.......................        36,383,137                41,767,521

                                                            AS OF MARCH 31, 2003
                                                            --------------------
                                                               (IN THOUSANDS)

BALANCE SHEET DATA:

Working capital...........................................        $ 35,290
Total assets..............................................         641,212
Total debt, including current portion
  and capitalized lease...................................          60,107
Stockholders' equity......................................         500,027

                        COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION

      The following table presents:

            -     Historical income from continuing operations per share and
                  book value per share data for Kroll and Factual Data;

            -     Unaudited pro forma combined per share data of Kroll for the
                  year ended December 31, 2002, as if the merger, as well as
                  Kroll's acquisitions of Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper completed on
                  June 13, 2002 and September 5, 2002, respectively, and Kroll's
                  common stock offering during October 2002 had occurred on
                  January 1, 2002;

            -     Unaudited pro forma combined per share data of Kroll at March
                  31, 2003 and for the three months then ended as if the merger
                  had occurred on March 31, 2003 and January 1, 2002,
                  respectively;

            -     Unaudited pro forma combined per share data for Kroll for the
                  year ended December 31, 2002, as if the merger had occurred on
                  January 1, 2002; and

            -     Factual Data's unaudited pro forma equivalent per share data.

      The pro forma combined data as of March 31, 2003 and for the three months
then ended is based on the individual historical balance sheets and statements
of operations of Kroll and Factual Data, as if the Factual Data transaction had
occurred as of March 31, 2003 and January 1, 2002, respectively. The pro forma
combined data for the year ended December 31, 2002 is based on the individual
historical statements of operations of Kroll and Factual Data as well as the
individual historical statements of operations of Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper for
the period prior to being acquired by Kroll on June 13, 2002 and September 5,
2002, respectively, as if these transactions has occurred as of January 1, 2002.
The consideration assumed issued in connection with the proposed Factual Data
acquisition reflects the payment of $14.00 per share in cash to Factual Data
shareholders, and the issuance in the merger of 819,327 shares of Kroll common
stock. The assumption relating to Kroll common stock is based on an exchange
ratio of 0.1320, which is calculated using a stock price of Kroll of $26.51,
equal to Kroll's volume weighted average common stock trading price for the five
trading days ended Friday, June 20, 2003 and 6,207,019 shares of Factual Data
common stock outstanding on the date the merger agreement was executed. The
actual exchange ratio for the merger will be determined based on the volume
weighted average price of Kroll's common stock over a period of 20 consecutive
trading days ending three trading days before the vote of the Factual Data
shareholders at the special meeting.

     The Factual Data equivalent pro forma data shows the effect of the merger
from the perspective of an owner of Factual Data shares. The data was calculated
by multiplying the Kroll, Ontrack, Zolfo Cooper and Factual Data pro forma
combined data by an assumed exchange ratio of 0.1320. This exchange ratio was
calculated to be the fraction of one share of Kroll common stock equal to the
product of one and a fraction, the numerator of which is $3.50 and the
denominator of which is an assumed average stock price of Kroll common stock of
$26.51. The actual exchange ratio for the merger will be determined as described
above.

      Neither Kroll nor Factual Data paid cash dividends during the period
covered by this table.

                                                                 KROLL/ONTRACK/                      KROLL AND
                                                                  ZOLFO COOPER                      FACTUAL DATA      FACTUAL DATA
                                                      KROLL        UNAUDITED        FACTUAL DATA     UNAUDITED        EQUIVALENT
                                                    HISTORICAL     PRO FORMA         HISTORICAL       PRO FORMA       UNAUDITED PRO
                                                    PER SHARE     COMBINED PER       PER SHARE      COMBINED PER       FORMA PER
                                                       DATA        SHARE DATA          DATA         SHARE DATA(1)     SHARE DATA
                                                    ---------    ---------------    ------------   -----------       -------------

AT OR FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2003

Income from continuing operations per share of
  common stock:
   Basic.........................................      $0.28                            $0.47           $0.34         $0.04 (2)
   Diluted.......................................      $0.28                            $0.47           $0.33         $0.04 (2)
Book value per share of common stock (3).........     $11.72                            $5.49          $12.23         $1.61 (2)

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
Income from continuing operations
  per share of common stock:
   Basic.........................................      $0.55         $0.95              $1.05           $1.06         $0.14 (2)
   Diluted.......................................      $0.53         $0.92              $1.04           $1.03         $0.14 (2)

- ------------------
(1)   The Kroll and Factual Data unaudited pro forma combined per share data are
      based on Factual Data shareholders receiving 0.1320 of a share of Kroll
      common stock for each share of Factual Data common stock held.

(2)   Calculated by multiplying the unaudited pro forma combined per share data
      by 0.1320.

(3)   Book value per share of common stock is computed by dividing stockholders'
      equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31,
      2003. Pro forma book value per share is computed by dividing pro forma
      shareholders' equity by the pro forma number of shares of common stock
      outstanding as of March 31, 2003, assuming an exchange ratio for the
      merger of 0.1320.

      The pro forma combined per share data does not purport to represent what
Kroll's financial position or results of operations would actually have been had
the merger occurred on January 1, 2002 or January 1, 2003, or to project Kroll's
financial position or results of operations for any future date or period. This
data should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combining Financial Statements included elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus and the separate historical financial statements and notes
relating to those financial statements of Kroll incorporated in this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference and of Factual Data included with this proxy
statement/prospectus.

                      COMPARATIVE MARKET VALUE INFORMATION

      The following table presents:

            -     the closing prices per share and aggregate market value of
                  shares of Kroll common stock and Factual Data common stock on
                  The Nasdaq National Market, on June 23, 2003, the last trading
                  day prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger,
                  and on ________, 2003, the last trading day prior to the date
                  of this proxy statement/prospectus; and

            -     the value of the Kroll common stock that a Factual Data
                  shareholder would have received for one Factual Data share and
                  the value of the Kroll common stock that all Factual Data
                  shareholders, in total, would have received for all Factual
                  Data shares, assuming the merger had occurred on those dates
                  and applying assumed exchange ratios of 0.1314 and_______.
                  This does not include the $14.00 in cash that Factual Data
                  Shareholders will receive, in addition to the partial share of
                  Kroll common stock, for each share of Factual Data common
                  stock in the merger.

                                                           KROLL           FACTUAL DATA       FACTUAL DATA
                                                         HISTORICAL         HISTORICAL         EQUIVALENT
                                                       --------------     --------------     --------------

On June 23, 2003

   Closing price per share of common stock.......      $        26.64     $        19.60     $         3.50
   Market value of common stock(1)...............      $1,080,224,401     $  121,657,572     $   21,724,567

On _________, 2003

   Closing price per share of common stock.......      $          .       $                  $
   Market value of common stock(2)...............      $                  $                  $

(1)   Market value based on 40,548,964 shares of Kroll common stock and
      6,207,019 shares of Factual Data common stock outstanding as of June 23,
      2003, excluding shares held in treasury or by subsidiaries.

(2)   Market value based on ______ shares of Kroll common stock and _______
      shares of Factual Data common stock outstanding as of , 2003, excluding
      shares held in treasury or by subsidiaries.

      Pursuant to the merger agreement, a holder of Factual Data common stock
will not be entitled to receive merger consideration consisting solely of Kroll
common stock, but rather such holder will be entitled to receive a combination
of cash and stock, as more fully described below under the heading "The Merger
Agreement - Merger Consideration" beginning on page _____. Therefore, the
equivalent share price has been computed accordingly.

                              THE SPECIAL MEETING

      Factual Data is furnishing this proxy statement/prospectus to its
shareholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the board of
directors for use at the special meeting of shareholders, including any
adjournment or postponement of the meeting.

DATE, TIME AND PLACE

      The special meeting will be held on _______, July ____, 2003, at 10:00
a.m., Mountain time, at the offices of Factual Data at 5200 Hahns Peak Drive,
Loveland, Colorado 80538.

PURPOSE OF THE SPECIAL MEETING

      At the special meeting and any adjournment and postponement thereof,
Factual Data shareholders will be asked to:

            1.    Consider and vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the
      Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated June 23, 2003, by and among
      Kroll, Factual Data and Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation, which is
      a newly formed, wholly-owned subsidiary of Kroll, pursuant to which Golden
      Mountain will merge with and into Factual Data, Factual Data will become a
      wholly-owned subsidiary of Kroll and each outstanding share of Factual
      Data common stock will be exchanged for $14.00 cash and a partial share of
      Kroll common stock calculated to have a value of $3.50 per Factual Data
      share, and to approve and adopt the merger contemplated by the merger
      agreement as more fully described in this proxy statement/prospectus; and

            2.    Transact such other business as may properly be brought before
      the special meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the special
      meeting.

      A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A. Factual Data shareholders are encouraged to
read the merger agreement in its entirety.

      THE MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING ARE OF GREAT
IMPORTANCE TO FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS
ARE URGED TO READ AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE INFORMATION PRESENTED IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND TO COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE
ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE ENCLOSED PRE-ADDRESSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE.

VOTE REQUIRED

      In order for the merger to become effective, the holders of at least
two-thirds (66-2/3%) of the shares of Factual Data common stock outstanding as
of the record date must vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
merger. As discussed below, abstentions and broker non-votes will each have the
same effect as a vote against the proposal.

RECOMMENDATION OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      After careful consideration, the Factual Data board of directors has
unanimously determined it desirable and in the best interests of Factual Data
and its shareholders that Factual Data proceed with the merger and that the
terms of the merger agreement are fair to Factual Data and its shareholders, and
unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the merger.

      In considering such recommendation, Factual Data shareholders should be
aware that some directors and officers have interests in the merger that are
different from, or in addition to, those of Factual Data shareholders. See the
section entitled "The Merger - Interests of Directors and Officers in the Merger
Other Than as Factual Data Shareholders."

RECORD DATE; SHARES ENTITLED TO VOTE

      Only holders of Factual Data common stock at the close of business on
_________, 2003, the record date for the special meeting, are entitled to notice
of and to vote at the special meeting. On the record date, approximately
6,222,684 shares of Factual Data common stock were issued and outstanding and
there were approximately 40 holders of record and approximately 600 beneficial
owners of Factual Data common stock. Factual Data shareholders on the record
date are each entitled to one vote per share of Factual Data common stock on the
proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger.

QUORUM; ABSTENTIONS AND BROKER NON-VOTES

      A quorum of Factual Data shareholders is required to have a valid Factual
Data meeting of shareholders. A majority of the shares of Factual Data common
stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote on the record date must be
present in person or by proxy at the Factual Data special meeting in order for a
quorum to be present. Factual Data's transfer agent will act as inspector of
elections at the special meeting and will ascertain whether a quorum is present,
tabulate the votes and determine the voting results on all matters presented to
the Factual Data shareholders at the special meeting. If a quorum is not
present, we expect that the special meeting will be adjourned to allow
additional time to obtain additional proxies or votes. At any reconvening of the
special meeting, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as the proxies
would have been voted at the original convening of the special meeting, except
for any proxies that have been effectively revoked or withdrawn prior to the
reconvening of the special meeting.

      Under the rules that govern brokers who have record ownership of shares
that are held in "street name" for their clients, the beneficial owners of the
shares, brokers have discretion to vote these shares on routine matters but not
on non-routine matters. The approval and adoption of the merger agreement and
the merger at the special meeting are not considered routine matters.
Accordingly, brokers will not have discretionary voting authority to vote your
shares at the special meeting. A "broker non-vote" occurs when brokers do not
have discretionary voting authority and have not received instructions from the
beneficial owners of the shares. A broker will not be permitted to vote on the
merger proposal without instruction from the beneficial owner of the shares of
Factual Data common stock held by that broker. Abstentions and broker
"non-votes" count as present for purposes of establishing a quorum described
above, but will not be voted on the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and the merger. Consequently, an abstention and broker "non-votes"
will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal. Consequently, Factual
Data shareholders are urged to return the enclosed proxy card marked to indicate
their vote or to instruct their broker to vote shares held in "street name."

SHARES OWNED AND VOTED BY DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS; AGREEMENTS TO VOTE
IN FAVOR OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER

      At the close of business on the record date for the special meeting,
directors and executive officers of Factual Data, the wife of a director and two
institutional shareholders owned and were entitled to vote, in the aggregate,
3,498,669 shares of Factual Data common stock. These shares represent
approximately 56% of the Factual Data common stock outstanding as of the record
date.

      Each of these shareholders has entered into a voting agreement with Kroll
in which he, she or it has agreed, among other things, to vote all shares of
Factual Data common stock beneficially owned by him, her or it in favor of the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger, against a change
of directors, capitalization or the organizational documents of Factual Data and
against any other acquisition proposal or action that would delay or prevent the
merger. In connection with and in support of the voting agreements, these
persons have granted an irrevocable proxy to an affiliate of Kroll to vote the
shares in accordance with the terms of the voting agreements and have waived
their rights of appraisal and of dissent with respect to the merger. These
persons have also agreed that they will not, in their capacities as shareholders
of Factual Data, engage in any discussions or negotiations regarding any
alternative acquisition transaction with third parties. See "The Voting
Agreements."

VOTING PROCEDURES

      You may vote in person at the special meeting or by proxy. We recommend
that you vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the special meeting. You can
change your vote at the special meeting at any time before the voting has been
completed.

      Shareholders holding shares of Factual Data stock directly as shareholders
of record or in "street name" may direct the voting of their shares without
attending the special meeting. Factual Data shareholders may vote by granting
proxies or, for shares held in street name, by submitting voting instructions to
their brokers or nominees.

      Factual Data shareholders of record may submit proxies by completing,
signing and dating the enclosed proxy card for the special meeting and mailing
it in the enclosed pre-addressed postage-paid envelopes. All Factual Data shares
represented by properly executed proxies received in time for the special
meeting and not revoked will be voted at the special meeting, and at any
adjournment or postponement of the meeting, in accordance with the instructions
contained in the proxies. Properly executed proxies that do not contain voting
instructions will be voted FOR the approval and adoption of the merger agreement
and the merger.

      If your broker holds your shares of Factual Data common stock for you in
"street name," you should instruct your broker to vote your shares, following
the directions your broker provides to you. Most brokers have procedures for
telephone or Internet voting. Check the material your broker sends you or call
your account representative for more information. In the event you do not
instruct your broker how to vote any shares held for you in street name, your
shares will not be voted for the approval and adoption of the merger agreement
and the merger.

      Factual Data shareholders of record may also vote in person at the special
meeting by submitting their proxy cards or by filling out a ballot at the
special meeting.

      FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND IN ANY STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH
THEIR PROXY CARDS. A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR SURRENDER OF
CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES OF FACTUAL DATA COMMON STOCK WILL BE MAILED TO
SHAREHOLDERS AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE AFTER COMPLETION OF THE MERGER. FOR MORE
INFORMATION REGARDING THE PROCEDURES FOR EXCHANGING FACTUAL DATA STOCK
CERTIFICATES FOR CASH AND KROLL COMMON STOCK CERTIFICATES, SEE "THE MERGER
AGREEMENT -- THE EXCHANGE FUND; PAYMENT FOR SHARES OF FACTUAL DATA COMMON
STOCK."

REVOKING YOUR PROXY

      You may revoke your proxy at any time before the proxy is voted at the
special meeting by:

            -     submitting a written notice of revocation, bearing a later
                  date than the proxy, to the corporate secretary of Factual
                  Data at 5200 Hahns Peak Drive, Loveland, Colorado 80538, or to
                  Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc., 17 State Street,
                  10th Floor, New York, New York 10004.

            -     granting a duly executed proxy relating to the same shares and
                  bearing a later date (which automatically revokes the earlier
                  proxy) and delivering it to the corporate secretary at Factual
                  Data; or

            -     by attending the special meeting and voting in person.

      Simply attending the special meeting will not revoke a proxy. If you do
not hold your shares of Factual Data common stock in your own name, you may
revoke a previously granted proxy by following the revocation instructions
provided by the bank, broker or other party that is the record owner of the
shares.

SOLICITATION OF PROXIES AND EXPENSES

      Factual Data is soliciting proxies for the special meeting from its
shareholders. Kroll and Factual Data will share equally all fees and expenses,
other than their respective accountants' and attorneys' fees, incurred in
relation to the filing and printing of this proxy statement/prospectus and the
registration statement on Form S-4 of which it forms a part. Kroll has paid the
SEC registration fee with respect to this proxy statement/prospectus, and
Factual Data will bear the expenses of mailing this proxy statement/prospectus
to its shareholders. Additionally, the merger agreement provides that under
certain circumstances, one party may be required to pay the expenses of the
other party in connection with the merger. See "The Merger Agreement -
Termination - Fees and Expenses; Termination fee" beginning on page _____.

      Other than the costs shared with Kroll or required to be paid by Kroll
under the circumstances described in the merger agreement, Factual Data will
bear the cost of soliciting of proxies from its shareholders. Factual Data has
retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to assist in the solicitation
of proxies for which it will pay Georgeson a fee of $7,500 plus $4 for each
incoming or outgoing telephone call and will reimburse Georgeson for reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses. In addition to solicitation by mail, the directors,
officers and employees of Factual Data and employees of Georgeson may solicit
proxies from Factual Data shareholders by telephone, the internet, facsimile or
in person. Factual Data has agreed to indemnify Georgeson against various
liabilities and expenses, including various liabilities and expenses under the
federal securities laws. Following the original mailing of the proxies and other
soliciting materials, Factual Data and Georgeson will request brokers,
custodians, nominees and other record holders to forward copies of the proxy and
other soliciting materials to persons for whom they hold shares of Factual Data
common stock and to request authority for the exercise of proxies. In such
cases, Factual Data, upon the request of the record holders, will reimburse
those holders for their reasonable expenses.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

      Shareholders are entitled to dissent from the merger and, subject to
various conditions, receive cash for their Factual Data shares if the merger is
completed. To do this, dissenting Factual Data

shareholders must follow required procedures which are described in detail in
"The Merger - Dissenters' Rights."

OTHER MATTERS

      The board of directors is not aware of any other business to be brought
before the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting.
If, however, other matters are properly brought before the special meeting or an
adjournment or postponement thereof, the persons appointed as proxies will have
discretionary authority to vote the Factual Data shares represented by duly
executed proxies in accordance with their discretion and judgment.

                                   THE MERGER

GENERAL

      This section, together with the following section, describes the material
aspects of the proposed merger, including the merger agreement. These
discussions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the merger
agreement, which we have attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus,
and to the other agreements and documents that are discussed in this proxy
statement/prospectus and that are filed as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part. You should read
the merger agreement in its entirety as it is the legal document that governs
the merger.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

      After completion of its initial public offering in May 1998, Factual Data
completed a private offering of its common stock to institutional investors in
March 1999 and later arranged a bank credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank.
Proceeds from these sources were used during 1998, 1999 and 2000 by Factual Data
to make 37 acquisitions of companies engaged in the mortgage credit reporting
business.

      In early 2001, Factual Data began to explore its strategic alternatives,
including further acquisitions, a merger or sale of the company, joint ventures
and other possible opportunities. Factual Data announced on May 7, 2001 the
engagement of Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated to advise it in these
efforts.

      In connection with its engagement, Stifel prepared an executive summary of
Factual Data and its business and began contacting companies which it believed
might have an interest in acquiring or otherwise combining operations with
Factual Data. Throughout the process, Stifel contacted approximately 140
potential candidates. Approximately 30 of these potential candidates entered
into confidentiality agreements with Factual Data and received the executive
summary. Factual Data received preliminary indications of interest from
potential purchasers in late July 2001. These preliminary indications of
interest were in the range of approximately $10.00 - $14.00 per Factual Data
share. Selected potential candidates were given a presentation by Factual Data's
management and were permitted to review due diligence information.

      In November 2001, Stifel reported the status of the process to Factual
Data's board. Factual Data's board instructed Stifel to continue to negotiate
with interested parties as well as to develop additional interest from other
potential purchasers.

      On or about November 30, 2001, Daniel G. Helle, a director of Factual
Data, requested Stifel to determine whether Fidelity National Information
Solutions, Inc. had an interest in discussing a possible transaction with
Factual Data. After several discussions between Stifel and Fidelity National,
Fidelity National submitted a letter of intent dated January 18, 2002 proposing
the acquisition of Factual Data. The letter of intent proposed an all stock
offer at a fixed exchange ratio of 0.7143 shares of Fidelity National for every
share of Factual Data. This translated to $10.00 per Factual Data share assuming
a $14.00 Fidelity National stock price. On January 30, 2002, Factual Data's
board of directors met to consider the letter of intent. The board formed a
special committee consisting of directors Robert E. Terry, J. Barton Goodwin and
James N. Donnan to respond, at the board's direction, to all acquisition
proposals that might be received by Factual Data, including the Fidelity
National proposal. After carefully considering the letter of intent, the board
concluded that the consideration suggested by Fidelity National was inadequate
and instructed the committee to so inform Fidelity National. The committee also
was instructed to inquire whether Fidelity National might be interested in the
sale of its mortgage credit reporting division to Factual Data.

      Over the next several weeks, there were several telephone calls between
and among the members of the special committee of Factual Data's board of
directors and representatives of Fidelity National discussing the merits of a
potential business combination between the two companies. Discussion and
negotiations of the proposed combination and operational matters continued for
several weeks.

      In May 2002, Fidelity National announced the signing of a letter of intent
to acquire Factual Data for the equivalent of $13.75 per Factual Data common
share, subject to negotiation of a definitive agreement and customary closing
conditions.

      On July 19, 2002, the board of directors of Factual Data met by telephone.
Counsel to Factual Data reviewed a proposed form of merger agreement which had
been submitted by Fidelity National. Counsel commented on the representations
and warranties, conditions to closing, termination provisions, termination fees
and expenses, and the provision for directors' and officers' liability
insurance. Representatives of Raymond James & Associates, an investment banking
firm which had been previously engaged by Factual Data, made a presentation to
the board of directors concerning the Fidelity National proposal. The merger
consideration proposed was $13.75 per share, consisting of part in cash and part
in shares of Fidelity National common stock. Raymond James delivered its oral
opinion, confirmed later in the day in writing, that as of July 19, 2002 and
based on the assumptions made, matters considered and the limitations on the
review undertaken as described in its written opinion, the merger consideration
was fair from a financial point of view to Factual Data shareholders.

      After considering many factors, the board of directors determined that the
merger with Fidelity National was in the best interests of Factual Data and its
shareholders and that the $13.75 per share merger consideration to be paid
partly in cash and partly in Fidelity National common stock was fair to Factual
Data's shareholders. The board approved the merger agreement and it was signed
on July 19, 2002. However, on August 29, 2002, Factual Data and Fidelity
National mutually agreed to terminate the proposed merger.

      On January 27, 2003, Michael Beber, Executive Vice President, Strategic
Development, of Kroll contacted James Donnan, President of Factual Data,
regarding the possibility of a transaction between the two companies. After
signing a confidentiality agreement on February 5, 2003, Mr. Beber visited
Factual Data's offices in Loveland, Colorado on February 26, 2003 and was
introduced to its business and management team.

      On March 26, 2003, J.H. Donnan, James Donnan, Russell Donnan and Todd
Neiberger, the principal officers of Factual Data, visited Kroll's offices in
New York, New York. At the meeting, the officers of each company made a
presentation to the other about their company's history, current operations and
plans for the future. Upon conclusion of the meeting, both parties agreed to
pursue discussions and negotiations concerning a potential acquisition of
Factual Data by Kroll.

      On April 8 and 9, 2003, Mr. Beber and three representatives of Kroll's
financial advisor visited Factual Data's offices to review its operations,
technology, financial position, results of operations and business strategy, and
to meet with management to further Kroll's preliminary due diligence.

      On April 28, 2003, Factual Data received a communication from Kroll
outlining the basic terms of a proposed transaction. On May 2, 2003, this
information was discussed by the Factual Data board of directors, where it was
concluded that Kroll's initial pricing proposal was not high enough, although
the basic structure appeared to be worth exploring. It was determined at the
meeting that James Donnan would approach Kroll and try to negotiate terms
acceptable to the board of Factual Data.

      After James Donnan communicated Factual Data's interests and differences
to Mr. Beber, Mr. Beber proposed that he and Michael Cherkasky, Kroll's Chief
Executive Officer, visit Factual Data to discuss the proposal in person. That
meeting took place at Factual Data's offices on May 5, 2003. Also in attendance
at the meeting was a representative of Kroll's financial advisor. They were
given a tour of the Factual Data operation. Thereafter, negotiations took place
and a tentative understanding was reached regarding the proposal described in
this proxy statement/prospectus, subject to completion of due diligence, the
preparation of mutually satisfactory definitive agreements and certain other
matters.

      Upon ending the meeting, it was proposed that Kroll would draft an
exclusivity agreement. That document was delivered on or about May 8, 2003. Upon
discussion between each company's management team and respective counsels and
various revisions to the draft document, the exclusivity agreement was signed on
or about May 14, 2003. The exclusivity agreement gave Kroll the exclusive right
until June 20, 2003 to negotiate a business combination with Factual Data.

      On May 12, 2003, Factual Data's board of directors met telephonically to
discuss a tentative proposal which had been embodied by Kroll into a
preliminary, non-binding "deal/discussion point" memorandum dated May 7, 2003.
The board carefully considered each point in the memorandum. The officers of
Factual Data were authorized and instructed to attempt to negotiate a definitive
agreement.

      Due diligence requests were exchanged by Kroll and Factual Data during mid
May 2003, and Kroll's personnel and advisors began reviewing Factual Data's
information in Loveland, Colorado on May 21, 2003. Factual Data began reviewing
Kroll's public information on or about May 13, 2003 and received and began
reviewing responses to its due diligence request in the third week of May 2003.
Representatives of Anton Collins Mitchell LLP, reviewed Kroll's audit work
papers in the New York offices of Deloitte & Touche on June 2 and 3, 2003. Anton
Collins Mitchell is an independent member of the BDO Seidman Alliance; BDO
Seidmen LLP is Factual Data's independent auditor.

      On May 26, 2003, Factual Data engaged Roth Capital Partners, LLC to render
a fairness opinion. This fairness opinion is discussed elsewhere in this proxy
statement/prospectus. Roth Capital was chosen by Factual Data because of its
reputation in the industry and because it had become familiar with Factual Data
and its business.

      On May 23, 2003, Kroll's counsel submitted a first draft of a proposed
merger agreement and voting agreements. Management of Factual Data held a
telephonic conference with legal counsel on May 27, 2003 to discuss the draft
agreement and plan of merger. Legal counsel had prepared a synopsis of the
merger agreement which, along with each article of the agreement, was discussed
in detail. Management instructed legal counsel to propose certain changes to the
agreement which was done and forwarded to Kroll's counsel on May 28, 2003.

      On June 3, 2003, Factual Data submitted the first draft of its disclosure
schedules to the proposed merger agreement and received a draft of the merger
agreement with changes suggested by Kroll and its counsel in response to the
proposals made by Factual Data's legal counsel. On June 6, 2003, counsel to
Kroll and counsel to Factual Data reviewed the latest draft of the merger
agreement to identify points requiring further discussion, negotiation and
decisions of management personnel.

      On June 9, Mr. Cherkasky, Michael D. Shmerling, President of Kroll's
Background Screening Group, and other senior executives of Kroll's Background
Screening Group met with members of Factual Data management at Factual Data's
offices and conducted due diligence.

      On June 9, 2003, Factual Data's board members met telephonically to
discuss the status of the merger and voting agreements, due diligence activities
of management, independent accountants and counsel, and management's report on
the overall status of the proposed transaction. The Factual Data board of
directors determined to attempt to resolve open points in the merger agreement,
voting agreements and related documents. Thereafter, members of Kroll's
negotiating team and its counsel and Factual Data's management and its counsel
had a conference call to discuss issues raised by the Factual Data board
primarily relating to the voting agreements.

      During the week of June 16, 2003, near final negotiations continued and
new drafts of the merger agreement, voting agreements with certain shareholders,
lock-up agreements with the Donnan family members, and employment agreements
with Factual Data senior management were circulated and reviewed by Kroll and
Factual Data counsel and separate counsel engaged by the Donnan family and
certain outside directors. Also during this week, Factual Data continued to
revise and supplement its disclosure schedules required under the merger
agreement. On June 19, 2003, Kroll representatives and its counsel and Factual
Data management and its counsel held a conference call to review the status of
negotiations and the various draft documents.

      On June 23, 2003, Factual Data's board of directors held a special
telephonic meeting to consider the revised reorganization agreement and the
merger, at which representatives of Roth Capital were present. Mr. J.H. Donnan
discussed the business of Kroll and the benefits to Factual Data and its
shareholders of a transaction with Kroll. Representatives of Roth Capital gave a
presentation relating to its financial analyses of Kroll, Factual Data and the
proposed merger which is set forth below in this section under the caption
"Opinion of Roth Financial Partners LLP." Roth Capital rendered its oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing later in the day on June 23, 2003,
that, as of that date and subject to the assumptions, qualifications, and
limitations set forth in its written opinion, the per share merger consideration
under the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Factual Data common stock. See Annex B for the full text of the
written opinion. Following these events, the Factual Data board of directors
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger.

      On June 23, 2003, Daniel G. Helle, the Factual Data board member appointed
by Haley LLC, one of Factual Data's institutional shareholders, waived the
contractual right to appoint a special committee of the Factual Data board of
directors for the purpose of determining whether to proceed with the merger.

      On June 23, 2003, the Kroll board of directors unanimously approved the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

      Counsel to Factual Data informed Kroll's counsel that Roth Capital
Partners had determined that the merger consideration was fair from a financial
point of view, that Factual Data's board of directors had approved the merger
agreement and that execution copies of the merger agreement, along with the
voting, lock-up and employment agreements, should be prepared. In the evening of
June 23, 2003, representatives of Kroll and Factual Data executed the merger
agreement, the appropriate shareholders executed the voting agreement and
certain employees of Factual Data executed employment agreements. Prior to the
opening of the market on June 24, 2003, Kroll and Financial Data issued a joint
press release announcing the merger.

FACTUAL DATA BOARD OF DIRECTORS' REASONS FOR THE MERGER

      Factual Data's board of directors believes that the merger is desirable
and in the best interests of Factual Data and its shareholders. Accordingly, at
the special meeting of Factual Data's board of directors held on June 23, 2003
at which the merger was considered and voted upon, the board of directors
unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger. The board of directors

unanimously recommends that the holders of shares of Factual Data common stock
vote FOR the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger.

      The board of directors identified a number of benefits for Factual Data
shareholders that could result from the merger. These potential benefits
include:

            -     Kroll's greater financial and other resources will allow
                  Factual Data's technology, products and services to be
                  developed and enhanced at a more rapid pace following the
                  merger than Factual Data would likely be able to achieve as an
                  independent company;

            -     Kroll's broader suite of products and services, larger
                  installed customer base and greater brand recognition will
                  provide Factual Data with the opportunity to grow and gain
                  market share more rapidly following the merger than Factual
                  Data would likely be able to achieve as an independent
                  company;

            -     the opportunity for Factual Data shareholders to participate
                  in a more commercially diversified company such as the
                  combined companies following the merger; and

            -     the transaction is expected to achieve synergies and possible
                  cost savings from the combined product and services
                  development, marketing and sales, and administrative areas of
                  the two companies following the merger.

      In the course of its deliberations, the Factual Data board of directors
considered a number of additional factors relevant to the merger, including:

            -     the fact that approximately 80% of the merger consideration to
                  be received by Factual Data shareholders consists of cash;

            -     the possibility that Kroll shares to be received as part of
                  the merger consideration may have appreciation potential in
                  the long term;

            -     the fact that the merger consideration would provide a 2.6%
                  premium compared to the five day average closing price of
                  Factual Data common stock for the period ended June 20, 2003;
                  a 6.9% premium to the one month average closing price of
                  Factual Data common stock for the period ended June 20, 2003;
                  a 38.5% premium to the three month average closing price of
                  Factual Data common stock for the period ended June 20, 2003;
                  a 67.2% premium to the six month average closing price of
                  Factual Data common stock for the period ended June 20, 2003;
                  and a 83.4% premium to the one year average closing price of
                  Factual Data common stock for the period ended June 20, 2003;

            -     historical and prospective information concerning the
                  respective businesses, financial performance and condition,
                  operations, technology, management and competitive positions
                  of Kroll and Factual Data, including public reports filed with
                  the SEC concerning results of operations during the two most
                  recent fiscal years for each company;

            -     the possibility that Factual Data would not have the resources
                  to timely execute its business plan when compared to its
                  existing and potential competitors;

            -     information relating to Factual Data's prospects, including
                  the possibility that Factual Data would be required to raise
                  additional capital to attempt to increase long-term
                  shareholder value in excess of the merger consideration;

            -     the Kroll shares represent a more liquid investment than
                  Factual Data and provide greater market capitalization as
                  compared to Factual Data common stock and, as a consequence,
                  the merger provides a greater opportunity to Factual Data's
                  larger shareholders, including members of the board of
                  directors, to diversify their holdings;

            -     the limitations Factual Data has suffered and could likely
                  continue to suffer as a public company, including its limited
                  trading volume, lack of institutional sponsorship, small
                  public float, small market capitalization, and lack of
                  research attention from analysts, all of which adversely
                  affect the trading market for and the value of Factual Data
                  common stock compared to the liquidity offered by the merger;

            -     the fact that Kroll will continue to operate and expand
                  Factual Data's business as a separate division;

            -     the impact on Factual Data's customers and employees;

            -     that senior Factual Data management will have significant
                  responsibilities within the combined company, which should
                  facilitate the integration of Factual Data into the combined
                  company, and that Factual Data technology, sales, and
                  marketing teams will remain active within the combined entity;

            -     the financial analyses and other information with respect to
                  the companies presented by Roth Capital Partners, Factual
                  Data's financial advisor in connection with the merger;

            -     the oral opinion of Roth Capital Partners to the Factual Data
                  board of directors on June 23, 2003, subsequently confirmed in
                  writing, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to
                  the various considerations set forth in the opinion, the
                  merger consideration was fair to the holders of Factual Data
                  common stock, from a financial point of view;

            -     the terms of the merger agreement, including:

                  1.    Factual Data's ability, under certain conditions, to
                        provide information to and negotiate with a third party
                        that has made an unsolicited acquisition proposal that
                        the board of directors determines is superior to the
                        merger; and

                  2.    Factual Data's ability to terminate the merger agreement
                        if the Factual Data board of directors were presented
                        with a superior offer, upon the payment of a termination
                        fee;

            -     the willingness of certain Factual Data shareholders to
                  execute voting agreements in support of the merger and the
                  fact that Kroll was unwilling to sign the merger agreement
                  without the voting agreements; and

            -     that the amount of, and circumstances giving rise to, the
                  termination fee under the merger agreement was acceptable in
                  the judgment of Factual Data in light of the value of the
                  merger consideration to Factual Data shareholders.

      The potential negative factors that Factual Data's board of directors
considered included:

            -     the possibility that the merger might not be consummated and
                  the effect of a public announcement of a termination of the
                  merger on:

            1.    Factual Data's revenues, operating results and stock price;
                  and

            2.    the potential disruption of Factual Data's business that might
                  result from employee and customer uncertainty and lack of
                  focus following announcement of the merger.

            -     the risk that Kroll might fail to meet projected growth rates
                  and analysts' expectations and that Kroll's stock price might
                  decline substantially prior to or subsequent to closing;

            -     the risk that the announcement of the merger could result in
                  decisions by customers to cancel or delay purchases of
                  products or services of Factual Data or Kroll;

            -     the risk associated with attempting to integrate Factual
                  Data's operations, products and services with Kroll's
                  operations, products and services, including the risk that the
                  benefits sought to be achieved by the merger will not be
                  achieved;

            -     the risks associated with entering into a non-solicitation
                  agreement with Kroll regarding potential alternative
                  transactions;

            -     although the board of directors did not believe that any
                  competing offer would be forthcoming, the risks associated
                  with agreeing to a break-up fee of $3,500,000 payable to Kroll
                  under certain circumstances and the potential effect of the
                  termination fee in discouraging competing offers to acquire
                  Factual Data;

            -     the fact that directors, officers and key employees of Factual
                  Data will receive benefits that are greater than or in
                  addition to those received by Factual Data shareholders
                  generally;

            -     the fact that the proposed merger will create a taxable event
                  for Factual Data shareholders; and

            -     other risks described under the caption "Risk Factors."

      In the view of the board of directors, these risks were not sufficient,
either individually or in the aggregate, to outweigh the advantages of the
proposed merger in the manner in which it was proposed. In

addition, in the view of the board of directors, the inclusion of the
non-solicitation agreement, termination fee and the voting agreements and
proxies, together with the limited circumstances under which Factual Data could
consider and negotiate another acquisition proposal, was consistent with the
exercise of its fiduciary obligations under applicable law. These provisions
were a condition to Kroll's agreeing to enter into the proposed transaction.

      The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the
board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but includes the material
factors considered by the board. In view of the wide variety of factors
considered in connection with their evaluation of the proposed merger, the
directors did not find it practical to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
assign relative weights to the specified factors considered in reaching their
determinations. Individual directors may have given differing weights to
different factors. In addition, the board of directors did not reach any
specific conclusion with respect to each of the factors considered. Instead, the
board of directors conducted an overall analysis of the factors described above
and determined that the potential benefits outweighed the potential risks of the
merger.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      The board of directors believes that the merger is advisable and is fair
to and in the best interests of Factual Data and its shareholders and, based
upon the factors described immediately above and the opinion of Roth Capital
Partners set forth below, recommends to Factual Data's shareholders that they
vote FOR the approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger.

OPINION OF ROTH CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC

      Factual Data retained Roth Capital Partners to render an opinion to the
Factual Data board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of
view, to Factual Data's shareholders, of the consideration to be received by
such holders in connection with the proposed merger. On June 23, 2003, Roth
Capital Partners rendered its written fairness opinion to Factual Data's board
of directors, to the effect that, as of such date and based upon and subject to
certain matters stated therein, the consideration of $14.00 cash and a partial
share of Kroll common stock calculated to have a value of $3.50 (subject to
adjustment) per share, to be received by holders of Factual Data's outstanding
common stock in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such
shareholders.

      The full text of Roth Capital Partners' opinion, which sets forth the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and
limitations on the review undertaken by Roth Capital Partners in rendering its
opinion, is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement/prospectus. Factual Data
shareholders are urged to read Roth Capital Partners' opinion in its entirety.

      Roth Capital Partners' opinion is directed only to the merger
consideration to be received in the merger and does not constitute a
recommendation to any Factual Data shareholder as to how such shareholder should
vote at the meeting. The summary set forth in this document of Roth Capital
Partners' opinion is qualified in its entirety by references to the full text of
the opinion attached as Annex B.

      In connection with its opinion, Roth Capital Partners, among other things:

            -     reviewed the financial terms and conditions as stated in the
                  June 19, 2003 draft of the merger agreement;

            -     reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and
                  other information of Factual Data and Kroll, including their
                  annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
                  2002,

                  and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March
                  31, 2003 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission;

            -     reviewed certain other publicly available information
                  concerning Factual Data and Kroll;

            -     reviewed other Factual Data and Kroll financial and operating
                  information requested from and/or provided by Factual Data and
                  Kroll;

            -     discussed with members of senior management of Factual Data
                  and Kroll certain information relating to the aforementioned,
                  as well as financial forecasts and projections of Factual
                  Data, and certain other matters;

            -     reviewed the historical stock prices and trading volumes of
                  Factual Data and Kroll;

            -     reviewed publicly available information concerning companies
                  in businesses considered by Roth Capital Partners to be most
                  comparable to Factual Data and Kroll;

            -     reviewed publicly available information concerning merger and
                  acquisition transactions involving companies considered by
                  Roth Capital Partners to be most comparable to Factual Data
                  and Kroll; and

            -     conducted other financial studies and analyses, performed
                  other investigations and considered other matters deemed
                  relevant for purposes of its opinion.

      In conducting its review and arriving at its opinion, Roth Capital
Partners assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all financial,
accounting, tax and other information discussed with or provided to it by
Factual Data or Kroll or which is publicly available. Roth Capital Partners has
not undertaken any responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or
reasonableness of, or to independently verify, such information. Roth Capital
Partners has further relied on the assurances of management of Factual Data that
they are not aware of any facts that would make any of the information reviewed
by Roth Capital Partners inaccurate, incomplete or misleading in any respect.
Roth Capital Partners has assumed that the projections for Factual Data and
other information provided to it by the management of Factual Data were
reasonably prepared by such management reflecting the best currently available
estimates and good faith judgments of such management as to the future financial
performance of Factual Data, and such projections and other information provide
a reasonable basis for its opinion. Roth Capital Partners has not been engaged
to assess the achievability of any projections or the assumptions on which they
were based, and Roth Capital Partners expressed no view as to such projections
or assumptions.

      The financial projections for Factual Data do not take into account any
circumstances or events occurring after the date they were prepared. In
addition, factors such as industry performance, general business, economic,
regulatory, market and financial conditions, as well as changes to the business,
financial condition or results of operations of Factual Data, may cause the
financial projections or the underlying assumptions to be inaccurate. As a
result, the financial projections for Factual Data may not be relied upon as
necessarily indicative of future results.

      Roth Capital Partners's review of Kroll's future financial performance
consisted of discussions with the senior management of Kroll and review of
certain publicly available research analyst estimates. In addition, Roth Capital
Partners has not assumed any responsibility for any independent valuation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Factual Data or Kroll, nor has it been
furnished with any such valuation or appraisal.

      Roth Capital Partners also assumed that the merger will be consummated on
substantially the same terms and conditions as set forth in the June 19, 2003
draft of the merger agreement reviewed by it. This June 19, 2003 draft was
substantially the same as the final executed merger agreement.

      Roth Capital Partners expressed no opinion as to the underlying business
decision to effect the merger, the structure or tax consequences of the merger
agreement or the availability or advisability of any alternatives to the merger.
Roth Capital Partners did not structure the merger or negotiate the terms of the
merger. Roth Capital Partners does not express any opinion as to the likely
trading range of Kroll's stock following the merger, which may vary depending on
numerous factors that generally impact the price of securities or on the
financial condition of Kroll and Factual Data at that time. The opinion is
limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration to the shareholders of Factual Data. Roth Capital Partners does
not express an opinion with respect to any other reasons, legal, business or
otherwise, that may support the decision of the board of directors to approve or
consummate the merger.

      Roth Capital Partners' opinion is necessarily based on economic, market
and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to it
on, the date of its opinion. In arriving at its opinion, Roth Capital Partners
reviewed key economic and market indicators, including, but not limited to,
growth in the U.S. Gross Domestic Product, inflation rates, interest rates,
consumer confidence levels, mortgage origination levels and general stock market
performance.

      Roth Capital Partners as part of its investment banking business, is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes. Roth Capital Partners may
provide investment banking services to Kroll in the future. Roth Capital
Partners provides a full range of financial advisory and securities services
and, in the course of its normal trading activities, may from time to time
effect transactions and hold securities, including derivatives, of Kroll and
Factual Data for its own account and for the accounts of customers.

      Roth Capital Partners will receive a fee of $375,000 for services rendered
in connection with delivery of the fairness opinion provided to Factual Data,
plus reimbursement of out of-pocket expenses, of which $275,000. A portion of
Roth Capital Partners' fee is payable upon the closing of the Transaction. No
portion of Roth Capital Partners' fee is contingent upon the conclusions reached
in its opinion. Factual Data also agreed to indemnify Roth Capital Partners
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities
laws.

      In conducting its investigation and analyses and in arriving at its
opinion described herein, Roth Capital Partners has taken into account such
accepted financial and investment banking procedures and considerations as Roth
Capital Partners has deemed relevant, including the review of: (i) historical
and projected revenues, operating earnings, net income and capitalization of
Factual Data, and certain other publicly held companies in businesses Roth
Capital Partners believes to be comparable to Factual Data and Kroll; (ii) the
current and projected financial position and results of operations of Factual
Data; (iii) the current financial position and results of operations of Kroll;
(iv) the historical market prices and trading activity of the common stock of
Factual Data and Kroll's common stock; (v) financial and operating information
concerning selected business combinations, which Roth Capital Partners deemed
comparable in whole or in part; and (vi) the general condition of the securities
markets.

      In arriving at its opinion, Roth Capital Partners made qualitative
judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.
Accordingly, Roth Capital Partners believes that its analyses

must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses,
without considering all analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying its opinion.

      The following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by
Roth Capital Partners to Factual Data's board of directors in connection with
providing its opinion.

      Stock Trading Analysis: As a preliminary matter, Roth Capital Partners
reviewed the historical market prices and trading volume for Factual Data's
common stock and reviewed publicly-available analysts reports, news articles and
press releases relating to Factual Data. Roth Capital Partners reviewed Factual
Data's closing stock price on a five-day average, one-month average, three-month
average, six-month average and one-year average basis as of June 17, 2003. The
resulting per share indications from this approach, as reviewed by Roth Capital
Partners, ranged from $9.47 to $16.68. Roth Capital Partners reviewed the
reported historical prices and historical trading activity for Factual Data
common stock over the 60 active trading days beginning on March 24, 2003. Roth
Capital Partners calculated the total number of shares traded at certain share
price ranges, beginning with less than $10.50 per share to more than $17.50 per
share. Based on this stock trading analysis, Roth Capital Partners concluded
that 98% of the total share volume during this time period traded at or below
$17.50 per share.

                          Average Closing
                               Price

5 Day                          $16.68
1 Month                        $16.07
3 Month                        $12.26
6 Month                        $10.23
1 Year                         $9.47

      Market Multiple Methodology: Roth Capital Partners reviewed certain
financial information of comparable publicly traded companies selected by Roth
Capital Partners. The comparable public companies included: Equifax,
Incorporated, Fair Isaac Corporation, Fidelity National Information Solutions
Inc., Fidelity National Financial, Inc. First American Corp., D.H. Horton Inc.,
LandAmerica Financial Group, Inc., Lennar Corporation, and KB Home
(collectively, the "Comparables"). The Comparables were selected to account not
only for information service providers but also for housing related industries
that are cyclical and sensitive to interest rate movements. Roth Capital
Partners calculated financial ratios of the Comparables based on the most recent
publicly available information. Roth Capital Partners calculated financial
ratios, including the multiples of: (i) enterprise value ("EV") to latest 12
months ("LTM") revenues, (ii) market value of equity ("MVE") to LTM earnings,
(iii) MVE to LTM book value, (iv) EV to projected fiscal year 2003 ("NFY")
revenues of the Comparables based on the most recent publicly available
information and (v) MVE to NFY earnings of the Comparables based on the most
recent publicly available information. "MVE" is per share price of an entity's
common equity securities. "EV" is calculated by adding an entity's market
capitalization to the book value of its existing debt and preferred stock less
cash and cash equivalents.

      Roth Capital Partners's analysis showed that the multiples of the
Comparables were as follows:

                              LOW      HIGH      MEAN     MEDIAN

EV AS MULTIPLE OF:

LTM revenues                 .32x     4.58x     1.39x      .88x
NFY revenues                 .31x     3.74x     1.27x      .77x

MVE AS MULTIPLE OF:

LTM earnings                 4.92x    63.74x    12.65x    8.90x
LTM book value               .95x     14.42x    2.03x     2.16x
NFY earnings                 6.32x    24.59x    11.53x    8.82x

      Roth Capital Partners derived EV indications for Factual Data by applying
selected revenue, earnings and book value multiples to operating results for the
12 months ended May 31, 2003 and projected revenues and earnings for the fiscal
year ending December 31, 2003. Based on the above, the resulting indications of
the EV of the operations of Factual Data ranged from approximately $100.8
million to approximately $116.1 million under this approach.

      After determining the EV of the operations of Factual Data, Roth Capital
Partners made certain adjustments to determine equity value, including
adjustments to reflect (i) certain debt obligations of Factual Data, (ii) an
adjustment to reflect control of Factual Data, (iii) an adjustment to reflect
contingent liabilities of Factual Data, and (iv) cash and cash equivalents.
After consideration of these adjustments, Roth Capital Partners estimated the
MVE of Factual Data using the market multiple methodology to be in the range of
approximately $85.7 million to approximately $116.1 million, equal to a range of
from $13.80 per share to $18.70 per share, respectively.

      Precedent Transaction Methodology: Roth Capital Partners reviewed the
consideration paid in certain change of control acquisitions of selected
publicly-traded companies, including acquisitions by Factual Data, that Roth
Capital Partners deemed relevant. Roth Capital Partners refers to these
transactions as the selected precedent transactions.

      The selected precedent transactions reviewed by Roth Capital Partners
were:

      EFFECTIVE                                  SELLER                                      BUYER

      April 2000        Experian Colorado                                         Factual Data Corp.

      June 2000         Duff & Phelps Credit Rating Co.                           Fitch IBCA

      June 2000         CMD Group                                                 Cahners Business Information

    September 2000      C.B. Unlimited, Inc.                                      Factual Data Corp.

     October 2000       Quality Credit Reports                                    Factual Data Corp.

    November 2000       Air Credit Reporting Midwest, inc.                        Factual Data Corp.

    December 2000       Experian South Texas                                      Factual Data Corp.

    December 2000       Credit Bureau of Carbon County                            Factual Data Corp.

     January 2001       Factual Data of Florida                                   Factual Data Corp.

     August 2001        Osborn Group Inc.                                         LabOne Inc.

      March 2002        Datafax Credit Bureau of West Palm Beach and SE           Factual Data Corp.
                        Florida, Inc.

      April 2002        Professional Mortgage Reference Services, Inc.            Factual Data Corp.

      April 2002        Affiliated Real Estate Services, L.L.C.                   Factual Data Corp.

         N/A            Factual Data Corp. (1)                                    Fidelity Natl Info Solutions

      July 2002         Micro General Corp                                        Fidelity Natl Info Solutions

       pending          Fidelity Natl Info Solutions                              Fidelity Natl Finl Inc

(1) Transaction announced July 19, 2002 and terminated August 29, 2002

      This analysis produced the following multiples in change of control
transactions:

                            LOW   HIGH     MEAN     MEDIAN

EV AS MULTIPLE OF:

LTM revenues               .50x   6.33x    1.50x    1.08 x

      In performing its analysis under this approach, Roth Capital Partners
considered that the merger and acquisition transaction environment varies over
time because of, among other things, interest rate and equity market
fluctuations and industry results and growth expectations. No company or
transaction used in the analysis described above, other than the Factual Data
transactions, was directly comparable to Factual Data. Roth Capital Partners
reviewed relevant transactions since 2000. Because of the limited number of
relevant transactions in the industry, Roth Capital Partners also included
acquisitions that Factual Data Corp. completed. The acquisitions completed by
Factual Data Corp. helped to establish a reasonable basis to compare to the
merger. Roth Capital Partners reviewed the foregoing transactions to understand
the range of multiples of revenues paid for companies in the industry.

      Roth Capital Partners derived EV indications of Factual Data by applying
selected revenue multiples to certain operating results for the 12 months ended
May 31, 2003. Based on this approach, the

resulting indications of the EV of the operations of Factual Data ranged from
approximately $82.7 million to approximately $114.3 million.

      After determining the EV of the operations of Factual Data, Roth Capital
Partners made certain adjustments to determine equity value including
adjustments to reflect (i) certain debt obligations of Factual Data, (ii)
contingent liabilities of Factual Data, and (iii) the dilutive effect of certain
stock options outstanding. After consideration of such adjustments, Roth Capital
Partners estimated the MVE of Factual Data, using the comparable transaction
methodology, to be in the range of approximately $82.7 million to approximately
$114.4 million, equal to a range of from $13.32 per share to $18.43 per share,
respectively.

      Discounted Cash Flow Analysis: Roth Capital Partners performed a
discounted cash flow analysis on the projected cash flows of Factual Data for
the fiscal years ending December 31, 2003 through December 31, 2006, using
projections and assumptions provided by Factual Data's management. Roth Capital
Partners used a range of discount rates (24.0% to 27.0%) and terminal multiples
(4.75x to 5.50x) based on forecasted EBITDA for the fiscal year ending June 30,
2006 to calculate a range of implied equity values per share of Factual Data
common stock. Based on its discounted cash flow analysis, Roth Capital Partners
derived a range of implied equity values per share of Factual Data common stock
from $15.08 to $17.92.

      The aforementioned market multiple, precedent transaction and discounted
cash flow methodologies provided Roth Capital Partners with indications of the
MVE for Factual Data which ranged from $13.32 to $18.70 per share, compared to
$17.50 per share in the Merger. Based on the above analyses, Roth Capital
Partners determined that the consideration to be received by the Shareholders of
Factual Data in connection with the Merger is fair to them from a financial
point of view.

      As a matter of course, Factual Data does not publicly disclose
forward-looking financial information. Nevertheless, in connection with its
review, Roth Capital Partners considered financial projections. These financial
projections were prepared by the management of Factual Data. The financial
projections were prepared under market conditions as they existed as of
approximately May 2003 and Factual Data's management does not intend to provide
Roth Capital Partners with any updated or revised financial projections.

      The summary set forth above describes the material points of more detailed
analyses performed by Roth Capital Partners in arriving at its opinion. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytical process involving
various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of
financial analysis and application of those methods to the particular
circumstances and is therefore not readily susceptible to summary description.
In arriving at its opinion, Roth Capital Partners made qualitative judgments as
to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly, Roth
Capital Partners believes that its analyses and summary set forth herein must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without
considering all analyses and factors, or portions of this summary, could create
an incomplete and/or inaccurate view of the processes underlying the conclusions
set forth in its opinion. In its analysis, Roth Capital Partners made numerous
assumptions with respect to Factual Data, the merger, industry performance,
general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of the respective entities. The estimates
contained in such analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
predictive of future results or values, which may be more or less favorable than
those suggested by such analyses. Additionally, analyses relating to the value
of businesses or securities of Factual Data are not appraisals. Accordingly,
such analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

KROLL'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

      At a meeting held on June 23, 2003, the Kroll board of directors
determined that the acquisition of Factual Data was consistent with its
corporate strategy of complementing Kroll's internal growth with acquisitions
that are likely to provide synergies when combined with Kroll's existing
operations and unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger. Kroll
believes that Factual Data's leadership position in customized information
services, the fact that these services are complementary to Kroll's own
offerings of background screening services, the high quality of Factual Data's
technology and service offerings and its strong management team will assist
Kroll in fulfilling its strategy of expanding and strengthening its business
offerings. Further, Kroll believes that the merger would be immediately
accretive to Kroll's earnings per share.

INTERESTS OF FACTUAL DATA DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND KEY EMPLOYEES IN THE MERGER
OTHER THAN AS SHAREHOLDERS

      In considering the recommendations of the Factual Data board of directors
regarding the merger, you should be aware that the directors, officers and key
employees of Factual Data have interests in the merger that differ from, or may
be in addition to, those of other shareholders of Factual Data, as described
below. The board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them
in approving and recommending the merger.

      EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS

      Four members of Factual Data's senior management team entered into new
three year employment agreements with Factual Data, which will become effective
only if the merger is completed. Of these four persons, J.H. Donnan, James N.
Donnan and Todd A. Neiberger are presently members of Factual Data's board of
directors. These new employment agreements provide for salaries and bonuses that
are substantially the same as those that are presently being paid to those
officers by Factual Data.

      These employment agreements include the following provisions:

            -     salaries payable under the employment agreements are: J.H.
                  Donnan--$332,750; James N. Donnan--$200,000; Todd A.
                  Neiberger--$157,300; Russell E. Donnan--$212,960. Each
                  employee will be eligible to earn incentive compensation in
                  accordance with plans approved each year by Kroll's
                  compensation committee or board of directors with a maximum
                  incentive compensation of at least 100% of each employee's
                  salary;

            -     each employment agreement contains customary provisions
                  regarding termination, which provides for severance equal to
                  12 months' salary and incentive compensation if the employee
                  is terminated without cause (as cause is defined in the
                  agreement), death and disability and each employee is subject
                  to a non-competition agreement during his period of employment
                  and for a period of two years thereafter; and

            -     the right to receive options under Kroll's 2000 Stock Option
                  Plan to purchase shares of Kroll common stock, as follows:
                  J.H. Donnan--zero shares; James N. Donnan--72,500 shares;
                  Russell E. Donnan--72,500 shares; and Todd A.
                  Neiberger--100,000 shares. All options will vest over three
                  years and will have an exercise price equal to the fair market
                  value of Kroll stock on the date of closing of the merger. In
                  the event that that their employment with Kroll is

                  terminated without reason or for good cause, all such options
                  held by such person shall immediately become fully exercisable
                  and vested.

      In addition, the merger agreement provides that serveral key employees
that are not executive officers will enter into new employment agreements with
Factual Data, which will become effective only if the merger is completed. Under
these employment agreement, these employees will have the right to receive
options under Kroll's 2000 Stock Option Plan to purchase 155,000 shares of Kroll
common stock in the aggregate.

      CERTAIN FACTUAL DATA STOCK OPTIONS

      Members of senior management, including Todd A. Neiberger who is currently
a member of Factual Data's board of directors, hold options to acquire 50,500
shares of Factual Data's common stock exercisable at $8.00 per share. Of these,
Mr. Neiberger holds options on 15,000 shares. The options will become fully
vested upon closing of the merger and will be assumed by Kroll.

      Board members of Factual Data hold other options as follows:

Director                         Shares Under Option(1)     Exercise Price(1)
                                 ----------------------     -----------------

J.H. Donnan                              38,399                  $  7.83
James N. Donnan                          20,329                     7.78
Todd A. Neiberger                        21,979                     8.20
Robert J. Terry                           7,500                     7.55
Abdul Rajput                              7,500                     7.55
Daniel Helle (2)                          2,500                    11.65
J. Barton Goodwin (2)                     2,500                    11.65

- ----------
(1)   Both the number of options and the option price will be adjusted to
reflect the merger exchange ratio.
(2)   Messrs. Goodwin and Helle are directors appointed to Factual Data's Board
by two institutional investors who purchased Factual Data securities in a
private placement completed in March 1999. As Messrs. Goodwin and Helle were
representatives of the two investors, the options were issued directly to those
investors.

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

      The following is a summary of the material United States federal income
tax consequences to the Factual Data shareholders with respect to the exchange
of Factual Data shares for cash and stock pursuant to the merger. This summary
does not purport to be a description of all tax consequences that may be
relevant to Factual Data's shareholders. This summary is based on the United
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, existing regulations
promulgated thereunder, and current administrative rulings and court decisions,
all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively. Any such change
could alter the tax consequences discussed herein. No ruling or opinion has been
sought from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to the federal tax
consequences discussed in this document, and there can be no assurance that the
Internal Revenue Service or a court will not take a position contrary to the
federal tax consequences discussed herein or that any contrary position taken by
the Internal Revenue Service or a court would not be sustained. It is assumed
that the shares of Factual Data common stock are held as capital assets. This
summary does not address the consequences of the merger under state, local or
foreign law, nor does it address all aspects of federal income taxation that may
be important to a Factual Data shareholder in light of his or her individual
circumstances. It also does not address tax issues that may be significant to a
Factual Data shareholder subject to special rules, such as owners of interests
in entities treated as partnerships for United States federal tax purposes that
hold Factual Data common

stock; financial institutions; broker-dealers or traders in securities; persons
who are not citizens or residents of the United States or that are foreign
corporations, estates or trusts; regulated investment companies; insurance
companies; tax-exempt entities; United States expatriates; holders who acquired
their shares through stock option or stock purchase programs or otherwise as
compensation; holders who are subject to alternative minimum tax; or holders who
hold their shares as part of a hedge, straddle or other risk reduction
transaction. For United States federal income tax purposes, income earned
through a partnership or an entity treated as such for United States federal tax
purposes generally is attributed to its owners.

      FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS
TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM (INCLUDING THE APPLICATION
AND EFFECT OF ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX LAWS)
OF THE MERGER.

      CONSEQUENCES TO FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS

      The merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a taxable
sale by the Factual Data shareholders of their shares of Factual Data common
stock. A shareholder will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between
(1) the amount of the cash consideration plus the fair market value of the stock
consideration received in the merger and (2) the shareholder's adjusted tax
basis in the shares of Factual Data common stock surrendered in the merger. If
the Factual Data shares surrendered in the merger are held by a shareholder as
capital assets, the gain or loss will be capital gain or loss. Any such capital
gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if, as of the date of the
merger, the shareholder held the shares of Factual Data common stock for more
than one year. For individual shareholders, long-term capital gain generally is
subject to preferential rates. There are limitations on the deductibility of
capital losses.

      Each share of Kroll common stock received by a Factual Data shareholder in
the merger will have a tax basis equal to the fair market value of the share
received. A new holding period for each share of Kroll common stock received
will begin on the day after the merger.

      BACKUP WITHHOLDING

      Under United States federal income tax law, the payment of the cash
consideration by Kroll to a Factual Data shareholder (other than certain exempt
shareholders, including among others, corporations) pursuant to the merger may
be subject to backup withholding tax at a rate of 28%. To avoid backup
withholding tax with respect to cash payments made pursuant to the merger, each
shareholder must provide its correct taxpayer identification number or social
security number in the specified manner and comply with applicable requirements
of the backup withholding rules. Any amount withheld from the payment of the
merger consideration under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a
refund or credit against the Factual Data shareholder's federal income tax
liability if the shareholder furnishes the required information to the Internal
Revenue Service in a timely manner.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

      The merger will be treated as a purchase for accounting and financial
reporting purposes. Under this method of accounting, the assets and liabilities
of Factual Data will be recorded in Kroll's consolidated financial statements at
their estimated fair market value at the date of the merger, with the remaining
purchase price reflected as goodwill.

REGULATORY APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR THE MERGER

      Each of Kroll and Factual Data has agreed to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all regulatory approvals required in order to
complete the merger. We cannot assure you that the required regulatory approvals
will be obtained or, if obtained, what the timing of these approvals will be. We
also cannot assure you that, if obtained, these approvals will not face legal
challenges. Kroll and Factual Data are not aware of any regulatory approvals or
actions that are required prior to completion of the merger other than those
described below.

ANTITRUST MATTERS

      The Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 prohibits Kroll
and Factual Data from completing the merger until certain information and
materials have been furnished to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the
Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the applicable waiting
periods have expired or been terminated. On June 26, 2003, Kroll and Factual
Data filed their Premerger Notification and Report Forms pursuant to the HSR Act
with the FTC and the Antitrust Division. Kroll and Factual Data expect that the
waiting period will expire at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 28, 2003, although
the waiting period could be extended if the FTC or the Antitrust Division
requests additional information or documentary material. If such a request is
made, the waiting period will be extended until 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on the
thirtieth day after substantial compliance by Kroll and Factual Data with this
request. In the event that such day falls on a Saturday, Sunday or holiday, the
waiting period will expire on the next business day. Even after the waiting
period expires or has been terminated, the FTC or the Antitrust Division retains
the authority to challenge the merger on antitrust grounds, before or after the
merger is completed.

      Neither Kroll nor Factual Data believes that completion of the merger will
result in a violation of any applicable antitrust laws. However, we cannot
assure you that no governmental agency will challenge the merger on antitrust
grounds. State antitrust authorities and private parties in certain
circumstances may bring legal action under the antitrust laws seeking to enjoin
the merger or to impose conditions on the merger.

FEDERAL SECURITIES LAW CONSEQUENCES

      Factual Data shareholders who receive shares of Kroll common stock in the
merger can freely transfer such shares, except that persons who are deemed to be
"affiliates," as such term is defined under the Securities Act of 1933, of
Factual Data at the time of the special meeting may only sell shares they
receive in the merger in transactions permitted by the resale provisions of Rule
145 under the Securities Act, or as otherwise permitted under the Securities
Act. People who may be deemed to be "affiliates" of Factual Data generally
include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under
common control with, Factual Data, and would not include Factual Data
shareholders who are not executive officers, directors or significant
shareholders of Factual Data.

      In general, under Rule 145, for one year after the date the merger is
completed, Factual Data affiliates will be subject to the following restrictions
on the public sale of shares of Kroll common stock acquired in the merger:

            -     a Factual Data affiliate, together with certain related
                  persons, may sell only through unsolicited "broker
                  transactions" or in transactions directly with a "market
                  maker," as such terms are defined in Rule 144 under the
                  Securities Act;

            -     the number of shares of Kroll common stock a Factual Data
                  affiliate may sell, together with certain related persons and
                  certain persons acting in concert, within any three-month
                  period may not exceed the greater of 1% of the outstanding
                  shares of Kroll common stock or the average weekly trading
                  volume of such shares during the four calendar weeks preceding
                  such sale; and

            -     a Factual Data affiliate may sell only if Kroll remains
                  current with its informational filings with the SEC under the
                  Exchange Act.

      After one year from completion of the merger, a Factual Data affiliate may
sell shares of Kroll common stock received in the merger without the limitations
on the manner of sale or volume, provided that Kroll is current with its
Exchange Act informational filings and that Factual Data affiliate is not then
an affiliate of Kroll. Two years after completion of the merger, an affiliate of
Factual Data may sell its shares of Kroll common stock received in the merger
without any restrictions, so long as that affiliate has not been an affiliate of
Kroll for at least three months prior to such sale.

      J.H. Donnan, Factual Data's Chief Executive Officer, his wife, Marcia
Donnan, James N. Donnan, Factual Data's President, and Russell E. Donnan,
Factual Data's Chief Information Officer, have agreed to a three year lock-up of
the Kroll shares they will receive in the merger, subject to one-third of the
shares being released on each of the first and second anniversaries of the
closing of the merger, unless released earlier in connection with the
termination of any such shareholder's employment with Factual Data under certain
circumstances.

NASDAQ LISTING

      It is a condition to the merger that Kroll file an additional listing
application with The Nasdaq National Market for the shares of Kroll common stock
to be issued in the merger.

DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

      Factual Data is incorporated under Colorado law. Under the Colorado
Business Corporation Act, Factual Data shareholders have the right to dissent
from the proposed merger and, subject to certain conditions provided for under
the Colorado dissenters' rights statutes, are entitled to receive payment of the
fair value of their Factual Data common stock. Factual Data shareholders will be
bound by the terms of the merger unless they dissent by complying with all of
the requirements of the Colorado dissenters' rights statutes.

      The following is a summary of dissenters' rights available to Factual Data
shareholders, which summary is not intended to be a complete statement of
applicable Colorado law and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Article
113 of the Colorado Business Corporation Act, which is set forth in its entirety
as Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus.

      RIGHT TO DISSENT

      Factual Data shareholders are entitled to dissent from the merger and
obtain payment of the fair value of their shares if and when the merger is
effectuated. "Fair value," with respect to a dissenters' shares, means the value
of the shares immediately before the effective time of the merger, excluding any
appreciation or depreciation in anticipation of the merger except to the extent
that exclusion would be inequitable. Under Article 113 of the CBCA, a
shareholder entitled to dissent and obtain payment for his, her or its shares
may not also challenge the corporate action creating the right to dissent unless
the action is unlawful or fraudulent with respect to the shareholder or the
corporation.

      Under Section 7-113-103 of the CBCA a record shareholder may assert
dissenters' rights as to fewer than all shares registered in the record
shareholder's name only if the record shareholder dissents with respect to all
shares beneficially owned by any one person and causes the corporation to
receive written notice which states such dissent and the name, address and
federal taxpayer identification number, if any, of each person on whose behalf
the record shareholder asserts dissenters' rights.

      Section 7-113-103(2) of the CBCA provides that a beneficial shareholder
may assert dissenters' rights as to the shares held on the beneficial
shareholder's behalf only if (a) the beneficial shareholder causes the
corporation to receive the record shareholder's written consent to the dissent
not later than the time the beneficial shareholder asserts dissenters' rights
and (b) the beneficial shareholder dissents with respect to all shares
beneficially owned by the beneficial shareholder.

      Factual Data will require that, when a record shareholder dissents with
respect to the shares held by any one or more beneficial shareholders, each such
beneficial shareholder must certify to Factual Data that the beneficial
shareholder has asserted, or will timely assert, dissenters' rights as to all
such shares as to which there is no limitation on the ability to exercise
dissenters' rights.

      Procedure for Exercise of Dissenters' Rights

      The notice accompanying this proxy statement states that shareholders of
Factual Data are entitled to assert dissenters' rights under Article 113 of the
CBCA. A Factual Data shareholder who wishes to assert dissenters' rights shall:
(a) cause Factual Data to receive before the vote is taken on the merger at the
special meeting, written notice of the shareholder's intention to demand payment
for the shareholder's shares if the merger is effectuated; and (b) not vote the
shares in favor of the merger. A Factual Data shareholder who does not satisfy
the foregoing requirements will not be entitled to demand payment for his or her
shares under Article 113 of the CBCA.

      Dissenters' Notice

      If the merger agreement and the merger are approved and adopted at the
special meeting, Factual Data will send written notice to dissenters who are
entitled to demand payment for their shares. The notice required by Factual Data
will be given no later than 10 days after the effective time and will: (a) state
that the merger was authorized and state the effective time or proposed
effective date of the merger, (b) set forth an address at which Factual Data
will receive payment demands and the address of a place where certificates must
be deposited, (c) supply a form for demanding payment, which form shall request
a dissenter to state an address to which payment is to be made, (d) set the date
by which Factual Data must receive the payment demand and certificates for
shares, which date will not be less than 30 days after the date the notice is
given, (e) state that if a record Factual Data shareholder dissents with respect
to the shares held by any one or more beneficial shareholders each such
beneficial shareholder must certify to Factual Data that the beneficial
shareholder and the record shareholder or record shareholders of all shares
owned beneficially by the beneficial shareholder have asserted, or will timely
assert, dissenters' rights as to all such shares as to which there is no
limitation of the ability to exercise dissenters' rights, and (f) be accompanied
by a copy of Article 113 of the CBCA.

      Procedure to Demand Payment

      A shareholder who is given a dissenters' notice to assert dissenters'
rights will, in accordance with the terms of the dissenters' notice, (a) cause
Factual Data to receive a payment demand (which may be a demand form supplied by
Factual Data and duly completed or other acceptable writing) and (b) deposit the
shareholder's stock certificates. A shareholder who demands payment in
accordance with the foregoing retains all rights of a shareholder, except the
right to transfer the shares until the effective time,

and has only the right to receive payment for the shares after the effective
time. A demand for payment and deposit of certificates is irrevocable except
that if the effective time does not occur within 60 days after the date set by
Factual Data by which it must receive the payment demand, Factual Data will
return the deposited certificates and release the transfer restrictions imposed.
If the effective time occurs more than 60 days after the date set by Factual
Data by which it must receive the payment demand, then Factual Data will send a
new dissenters' notice. A Factual Data shareholder who does not demand payment
and deposit his or her Factual Data share certificates as required by the date
or dates set forth in the dissenters' notice will not be entitled to demand
payment for his, her or its Factual Data shares under Article 113 of the CBCA,
and he, she or it will receive cash consideration for each of his, her or its
shares equal to the per share price received by non-dissenting shareholders.

      Payment

      At the effective time or upon receipt of a payment demand, whichever is
later, Factual Data will pay each dissenter who complied with the notice
requirements referenced in the preceding paragraph the Factual Data estimate of
the fair value of the dissenter's shares plus accrued interest. Payment shall be
accompanied by an audited balance sheet as of the end of the most recent fiscal
year of Factual Data or, an audited income statement for that year, and an
audited statement of changes in shareholders' equity for that year and an
audited statement of cash flow for that year, as well as the latest available
financial statements, if any, for the interim period, which interim financial
statements will be unaudited. Payment will also be accompanied by a statement of
the estimate by Factual Data of the fair value of the shares and an explanation
of how the interest was calculated, along with a statement of the dissenter's
right to demand payment and a copy of Article 113 of the CBCA. With respect to a
dissenter who acquired beneficial ownership of his, her or its shares after
Factual Data's first announcement of the terms of the transaction on June 23,
2003, or who does not certify that his, her or its shares were acquired before
that date, Factual Data may, in lieu of making the payment described above,
offer to make such payment if the dissenter agrees to accept it in full
satisfaction of the demand.

      If Dissenter is Dissatisfied with Offer

      If a dissenter disagrees with the Factual Data payment or offer, such
dissenter may give notice to Factual Data in writing of the dissenter's estimate
of the fair value of the dissenter's shares and of the amount of interest due
and may demand payment of such estimate, less any payment made prior thereto, or
reject the offer of Factual Data and demand payment of the fair value of the
shares and interest due if: (a) the dissenter believes that the amount paid or
offered is less than the fair value of the shares or that the interest due was
incorrectly calculated, (b) Factual Data fails to make payment within 60 days
after the date set by Factual Data by which it must receive the payment demand
or (c) Factual Data does not return deposited certificates if the Effective time
is 60 days after the date set by Factual Data by which the payment demand must
be received by the shareholder asserting dissenters' rights. A dissenter waives
the right to demand payment under this paragraph unless he or she causes Factual
Data to receive the notice referenced in this paragraph within 30 days after
Factual Data makes or offers payment for the shares of the dissenter, in which
event, such dissenter will receive all cash for his or her Factual Data shares
in an amount equal to the amount paid or offered by Factual Data.

      Judicial Appraisal of Shares

      If a demand for payment made by a dissenter as set forth above is
unresolved, Factual Data may, within 60 days after receiving the payment demand,
commence a proceeding and petition a court to determine the fair value of the
shares and accrued interest. If Factual Data does not commence the proceeding
within the 60 day period, it shall pay to each dissenter whose demand remains
unresolved the amount demanded. Factual Data must commence any proceeding
described above in the District Court of

the County of Larimer, Colorado. Factual Data shall make all dissenters whose
demands remain unresolved parties to the proceeding as in an action against
their shares, and all parties shall be served with a copy of the petition.
Jurisdiction in which the proceeding is commenced is plenary and exclusive. One
or more persons may be appointed by the court as appraisers to receive evidence
and recommend a decision on the question of fair value. The appraisers will have
the power described in the court order appointing them. The parties to the
proceeding will be entitled to the same discovery rights as parties in other
civil proceedings. Each dissenter made a party to the proceeding will be
entitled to judgment for the amount, if any, by which the court finds the fair
value of the dissenter's shares, plus interest, to exceed the amount paid by
Factual Data, or for the fair value, plus interest, of a dissenters' shares for
which Factual Data elected to withhold payment.

      Court and Counsel Fees

      The court in an appraisal proceeding shall determine all costs of the
proceeding, including the reasonable compensation and expenses of appraisers
appointed by the court. The court will assess the costs against Factual Data;
except that the court may assess costs against all or some of the dissenters, in
the amount the court finds equitable, to the extent the court finds that the
dissenters acted arbitrarily, vexatiously, or not in good faith in demanding
payment. The court may also assess the fees and expenses of counsel and experts
for the respective parties, in amounts the court finds equitable: (a) against
Factual Data and in favor of the dissenters if the court finds that Factual Data
did not substantially comply with its obligations under the dissenters' rights
statute, or (b) against either Factual Data or one or more dissenters, in favor
of any other party, if the court finds that the party against whom the fees and
expenses are assessed acted arbitrarily, vexatiously or not in good faith with
respect to the rights provided by Article 113 of the CBCA. If the court finds
that the services of counsel for any dissenter were of substantial benefit to
the other dissenters similarly situated, and that the fees for those services
should not be assessed against Factual Data, the court may award to such counsel
reasonable fees to be paid out of the amount awarded to the dissenters who were
benefited.

Any written notice required to be sent to Factual Data by a Factual Data
shareholder electing to exercise his or her dissenter's rights under Article 113
of the CBCA should be to Russell E. Donnan at the offices of Factual Data, 5200
Hahns Peak Drive, Loveland, Colorado 80538.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

GENERAL

         This section describes the material provisions of the merger agreement.
The full text of the merger agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A and is incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus. We encourage shareholders to read the merger agreement in
its entirety. In addition, important information about the merger agreement and
the merger is provided in the previous section entitled "The Merger."

THE MERGER

         The merger agreement provides for the merger of Golden Mountain
Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kroll, with and into
Factual Data in accordance with Colorado law. As a result of the merger, Factual
Data will survive the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kroll and the
separate existence of Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation will cease.

EFFECTIVE TIME

         The merger will become effective when Factual Data and Golden Mountain
Acquisition Corporation file articles of merger with the Secretary of State of
Colorado. Unless the merger agreement is terminated, the articles of merger will
be filed as soon as possible, but no later than two business days after the
satisfaction or waiver of the closing conditions contained in the merger
agreement, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties. Please see "Conditions to
Completion of the Merger" and "Termination."

MERGER CONSIDERATION

         EXCHANGE RATIO

         In the merger, each share of Factual Data common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the merger, except as described below under "Cancellation,"
will be converted into the right to receive $14.00 in cash and a partial share
of Kroll common stock.

         The number of shares of Kroll common stock that will be received by a
holder of Factual Data common stock is based on the following formula:

                  -        each share of Factual Data common stock will be
                           converted into the right to receive the fraction of
                           one share of Kroll common stock equal to a fraction,
                           the numerator of which is $3.50 and the denominator
                           of which is the average stock price of Kroll common
                           stock;

                  -        if the average stock price of Kroll common stock is
                           equal to or more than $29.15, each share of Factual
                           Data common stock will be converted into the right to
                           receive 0.1201 of a share of Kroll common stock;

                  -        if the average stock price of Kroll common stock is
                           equal to or less than $23.85, each share of Factual
                           Data common stock will be converted into the right to
                           receive 0.1467 of a share of Kroll common stock.
                           However, if this average price is less than $23.85,
                           the Factual Data board of directors can terminate the
                           merger agreement unless Kroll agrees to deliver to
                           Factual Data shareholders Kroll

                           common stock calculated to have a value equal to
                           $3.50 for each share of Factual Data common stock,
                           based on the average stock price of Kroll common
                           stock. See " - Termination."

         For purposes of this formula, average stock price means the volume
weighted average price of Kroll common stock on The Nasdaq National Market for
the 20 consecutive trading days ending three trading days before the vote of the
Factual Data shareholders at the Factual Data special meeting.

         FRACTIONAL SHARES OF KROLL COMMON STOCK

         Kroll will not issue any fractional shares of common stock in
connection with the merger. Instead, each holder of Factual Data common stock
exchanged in connection with the merger who would otherwise be entitled to
receive a fraction of a share of common stock of Kroll will receive cash,
without interest, in an amount equal to the product of the fractional share
interest to which that holder would otherwise be entitled and the average stock
price of Kroll common stock.

         EXCHANGE OF FACTUAL DATA COMMON STOCK FOR KROLL COMMON STOCK

         Prior to completion of the merger, Kroll will appoint an exchange
agent. No later than five business days after the merger, the exchange agent
will mail to each holder of Factual Data common stock of record as of the
effective time of the merger a letter of transmittal and instructions for
surrendering the record holder's stock certificates in exchange for $14.00 in
cash per Factual Data share and a certificate or certificates representing Kroll
common stock. Only those Factual Data shareholders who properly surrender their
Factual Data stock certificates in accordance with the exchange agent's
instructions will receive:

                  -        cash in the amount of $14.00 per Factual Data share;

                  -        a certificate or certificates representing Kroll
                           common stock;

                  -        cash instead of any fractional share of Kroll common
                           stock; and

                  -        dividends or other distributions, if any, to which
                           they are entitled under the terms of the merger
                           agreement.

         The surrendered certificates representing Factual Data common stock
will be cancelled. After the completion of the merger, each certificate
representing shares of Factual Data common stock that has not been surrendered
will represent only the right to receive each of the items enumerated above.
Following the completion of the merger, Factual Data will not register any
transfers of Factual Data common stock on its stock transfer books.

         FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND IN THEIR FACTUAL DATA STOCK
CERTIFICATES UNTIL THEY RECEIVE A LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FROM THE EXCHANGE AGENT
WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE SURRENDER OF THE FACTUAL DATA CERTIFICATES.

         DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES

         Factual Data shareholders are not entitled to receive any dividends or
other distributions on Kroll common stock until the merger is completed. After
the merger is completed, holders of Factual Data stock certificates will be
entitled to dividends and other distributions declared or made after completion
of the merger with respect to the number of whole shares of Kroll common stock
which they are entitled to

receive upon exchange of their Factual Data stock certificates, but they will
not be paid any dividends or other distributions on the Kroll common stock until
they surrender their Factual Data stock certificates to the exchange agent in
accordance with the merger agreement and the exchange agent's instructions.

         RETURN OF EXCHANGE FUND

         After the six month anniversary of the completion of the merger, all of
the shares of Kroll common stock and cash held by the exchange agent that remain
unclaimed by Factual Data shareholders will be returned to Kroll if Kroll so
requests. If a Factual Data shareholder has not complied with the procedures
necessary for exchange and payment prior to such time, that shareholder may look
only to Kroll, and not the exchange agent, for that exchange and payment. In any
event, Kroll or the exchange agent will be entitled to deduct and withhold from
the cash and shares of Kroll stock otherwise payable to a Factual Data
shareholder the amounts that they are required to deduct and withhold by any
provision of the Internal Revenue Code or any provision of state, local or
foreign tax law. None of the exchange agent, Kroll, Golden Mountain Acquisition
Corporation or Factual Data will be liable for any amount paid to a public
official pursuant to any applicable escheat or similar law.

         TRANSFERS OF OWNERSHIP AND LOST STOCK CERTIFICATES

         Kroll will only pay cash, issue a certificate or certificates
representing whole shares of Kroll common stock, pay cash instead of any
fractional share and pay any applicable dividends or other distributions in a
name other than the name in which a surrendered Factual Data stock certificate
is registered if the person requesting the exchange presents to the exchange
agent all documents required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of
ownership and to show that such person paid any applicable stock transfer or
other taxes. If a holder's Factual Data stock certificates have been lost,
stolen or destroyed, a Factual Data shareholder will nevertheless be entitled to
the merger consideration if the shareholder signs an affidavit of loss. Kroll
also may, in its discretion, require Factual Data shareholders to deliver a bond
in an amount sufficient to protect Kroll, the surviving corporation and the
exchange agent against claims related to their lost Factual Data stock
certificates.

         CANCELLATION

         Each share of Factual Data common stock held in Factual Data's treasury
and each share of Factual Data common stock owned by Kroll of any of its
subsidiaries or by Factual Data immediately prior to completion of the merger
will be cancelled and retired without payment of any consideration.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

         The merger agreement contains various customary representations and
warranties by Kroll, Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation and Factual Data
about themselves and their respective subsidiaries.

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY FACTUAL DATA AND KROLL

         Factual Data has agreed to conduct its business and its subsidiaries'
businesses in the usual, regular and ordinary course in substantially the same
manner as conducted before the date of the merger agreement, including, without
limitation, using commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its and its
subsidiaries' business organizations; keeping available the service of its and
its subsidiaries' present officers and key employees; and preserving its and its
subsidiaries' relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors,
licensees and other parties with whom it or its subsidiaries have business

dealings, so that their goodwill and ongoing businesses are not impaired at the
time of the merger in any material respect.

         Except as otherwise permitted by the merger agreement or as consented
to in writing by Kroll, the merger agreement prohibits Factual Data and any of
its subsidiaries from taking specific actions, including:

                  -        amending its articles of incorporation or bylaws (or
                           similar organizational documents);

                  -        declaring or paying any dividends on or making any
                           other distributions, whether in cash, stock or
                           property, on any of its capital stock;

                  -        splitting, combining, recapitalizing or reclassifying
                           any of its capital stock; or issuing or authorizing
                           the issuance of any other securities in respect of or
                           in substitution for, shares of its capital stock;

                  -        repurchasing or otherwise acquiring, directly or
                           indirectly, any shares of its capital stock;

                  -        entering into, modifying, amending or terminating any
                           contract, agreement, license, instrument, document or
                           commitment in a manner which could reasonably be
                           expected to have a material adverse effect on Factual
                           Data, impair in any material respect Factual Data's
                           ability to perform its obligations under the merger
                           agreement, or prevent or materially delay the
                           consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
                           merger agreement;

                  -        entering into any material contract if completion of
                           the merger or compliance by Factual Data or any of
                           its subsidiaries with the terms of the merger
                           agreement could reasonably be expected to conflict
                           with or cause a violation, breach, default,
                           termination, cancellation or acceleration of any
                           obligation or a loss of benefit under that contract,
                           or result in the creation of any lien on the
                           properties or assets of Factual Data or any of its
                           subsidiaries or give rise to any increased,
                           additional, accelerated or guaranteed right or
                           entitlement of any third party;

                  -        entering into any contract containing any restriction
                           on the ability of Factual Data or any of its
                           subsidiaries to assign its rights or obligations
                           under that contract, unless that restriction
                           expressly excludes an assignment to Kroll or its
                           subsidiaries;

                  -        entering into any contract containing any restriction
                           on the ability of Factual Data or any of its
                           subsidiaries to compete in any line of business;

                  -        adopting or amending any stock option or similar
                           plan;

                  -        except as contemplated by the merger agreement,
                           accelerating, amending or changing the rights or
                           terms, including vesting and the period of
                           exercisability, of its outstanding stock options, or
                           authorizing cash payments in exchange for any stock
                           options or other rights granted under its outstanding
                           stock option plans;

                  -        issuing, delivering, selling or authorizing the
                           issuance, delivery or sale of, or purchasing, its
                           capital stock, convertible securities, warrants and
                           options, other than the issuance of Factual Data
                           common stock under outstanding stock options or under
                           Factual Data's employee stock purchase plan;

                  -        transferring or licensing or extending, amending or
                           modifying in any material respect any rights to its
                           intellectual property, other than the grant of
                           non-exclusive licenses in the ordinary course of
                           business and consistent with past practice;

                  -        entering into or amending any agreements granting
                           exclusive or restrictive marketing, manufacturing or
                           other exclusive or restrictive rights to its
                           products, services or technology;

                  -        selling, leasing, licensing, mortgaging or otherwise
                           disposing of, or encumbering its properties or assets
                           that are material to its and its subsidiaries'
                           businesses, taken as a whole;

                  -        selling, assigning, transferring or otherwise
                           disposing of any of its properties or assets at a
                           discount from fair market value;

                  -        repurchasing, prepaying, incurring or guaranteeing
                           any indebtedness;

                  -        issuing or selling any debt securities, options,
                           warrants, calls or other rights to acquire debt
                           securities of Factual Data or any of its
                           subsidiaries;

                  -        agreeing to maintain the financial statement
                           condition of another person or entity;

                  -        making any loans or advances to any other person,
                           other than travel expenses advanced to employees in
                           the ordinary course of business, or making capital
                           contributions to or investments in any other person
                           or entity;

                  -        incurring any liens (except permitted liens);

                  -        entering into real estate or operating leases
                           requiring payments in excess of $100,000 annually in
                           the aggregate;

                  -        paying, discharging or satisfying claims, liabilities
                           and obligations not reflected in Factual Data's
                           financial statements that exceed $100,000 in any one
                           case or $250,000 in the aggregate;

                  -        incurring or committing to incur capital expenditures
                           exceeding $300,000 in any one case or $600,000 in the
                           aggregate;

                  -        reducing insurance coverage levels in any material
                           manner;

                  -        terminating or waiving any right of substantial
                           value, except upon notice to Kroll and in the
                           ordinary course of business consistent with past
                           practice;

                  -        increasing or agreeing to increase the compensation
                           payable to its officers or employees, except for
                           increases in the salary or wages of non-officer
                           employees in the ordinary course of business,
                           consistent with past practice;

                  -        granting any severance or termination pay to, or
                           entering into or amending any employment or severance
                           agreements with, any officer or employee;

                  -        entering into any collective bargaining agreement;

                  -        establishing, adopting, entering into, modifying or
                           amending any bonus, profit sharing, thrift,
                           compensation, stock option, restricted stock,
                           pension, retirement, deferred compensation,
                           employment, termination, severance or other plan,
                           trust, fund, policy, agreement or arrangement for the
                           benefit of any director, officer or employee;

                  -        commencing lawsuits or arbitration proceedings, other
                           than routine collection litigation, litigation that
                           is not material, litigation in such cases where
                           Factual Data in good faith determines that failure to
                           commence a suit would result in the material
                           impairment of a valuable asset of its business or
                           litigation for a breach of the merger agreement;

                  -        directly or indirectly making, or agreeing to make or
                           negotiate towards making, an acquisition, except for
                           Factual Data's franchisees or licensees;

                  -        making or changing any tax election or adopting or
                           changing any tax accounting method other than in the
                           ordinary course of business and consistent with past
                           practice, filing any tax return or amended tax
                           return, entering into any closing agreement or
                           settling any tax claim or assessment or consenting to
                           any tax claim or assessment;

                  -        revaluing its assets, including writing down
                           inventory or writing off notes or accounts
                           receivable, other than in the ordinary course of
                           business consistent with past practice;

                  -        changing its fiscal year;

                  -        prepaying or otherwise accelerating the payment of
                           any accounts payable or any other obligation;

                  -        failing to pay any of its accounts payable or other
                           obligations in a timely manner, except for
                           obligations that are contested in good faith and
                           adequately reserved for;

                  -        taking or agreeing in writing or otherwise to take
                           any of the actions described above;

                  -        taking or agreeing in writing or otherwise to take
                           any action that would make any of its representations
                           or warranties untrue or incorrect in any material
                           respect; or

                  -        taking or agreeing in writing or otherwise to take
                           any action that would prevent it from performing any
                           of its covenants under the merger agreement.

Except as consented to in writing by Factual Data, the merger agreement
prohibits Kroll from:

                  -        amending its certificate of incorporation or bylaws,
                           except for changes that do not adversely affect
                           holders of Kroll common stock; or

                  -        entering into any material contract, agreement,
                           license, instrument, document or commitment which
                           prevents or materially delays the consummation of the
                           transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

         NO CONTROL OF FACTUAL DATA BUSINESS

         Kroll shall have no right to control the operations of Factual Data or
any of its subsidiaries prior to the merger.

NO SOLICITATION

         Factual Data has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly,
through any officer, director, employee, representative or agent, (1) solicit,
initiate, facilitate, continue or encourage the initiation of any inquiries that
could lead to, (2) negotiate or discuss, or provide any non-public information
to any third party relating to, (3) enter into an agreement for or make any
statement, recommendation or solicitation in support of, or (4) agree to or
enter into a letter of intent for or recommend, an acquisition proposal. The
merger agreement defines "acquisition proposal" as any merger, consolidation,
business combination, sale of substantial assets, sale of shares of capital
stock or other securities, including a tender offer, or similar transaction
involving Factual Data or any of its subsidiaries, other than transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement.

         If Factual Data's board of directors, after consultation with
independent legal advisors, determines in good faith that its fiduciary duties
under applicable law require it to do so, it may:

                  -        furnish non-public information to or enter into
                           discussions or negotiations with a third party that
                           has made an unsolicited bona fide written acquisition
                           proposal, or recommend to Factual Data an unsolicited
                           bona fide written acquisition proposal, which
                           proposal was not obtained by Factual Data in breach
                           of the merger agreement, if Factual Data's board of
                           directors determines in good faith after consulting
                           with independent financial and legal advisors that
                           the acquisition proposal (1) was not obtained in
                           breach of the merger agreement, (2) is reasonably
                           capable of being completed on the terms proposed and
                           (3) after taking into account all relevant factors,
                           including the long-term prospects of Kroll and
                           Factual Data as a combined company, would, if
                           consummated, result in a transaction more favorable
                           to Factual Data's shareholders from a financial point
                           of view than the merger, provided that (x) the third
                           party has executed an agreement with confidentiality
                           provisions no less favorable to Factual Data and no
                           more favorable to the third party than the
                           confidentiality agreement in effect between Factual
                           Data and Kroll, (y) the non-public information being
                           furnished has previously been delivered to Kroll and
                           (z) Factual Data notifies Kroll of these actions in
                           writing; and

                  -        comply with the applicable rules regarding tender
                           offers in connection with an acquisition proposal.

         Factual Data further agreed:

                  -        upon execution of the merger agreement, to terminate
                           any existing discussions or negotiations of an
                           acquisition proposal with any third party that were
                           ongoing at the time;

                  -        to notify Kroll orally and in writing immediately
                           after receipt of any acquisition proposal or any
                           request for non-public information in connection with
                           an acquisition proposal or for access to the
                           properties, books and records of Factual Data or any
                           of its subsidiaries;

                  -        to disclose to Kroll in reasonable detail the terms
                           of all acquisition proposal or requests for
                           information or access, including the identity of the
                           person making the acquisition proposal or request;
                           and

                  -        to keep Kroll informed on a current basis of the
                           status and details of any acquisition proposal or any
                           discussions or negotiations.

         In addition, Factual Data agreed that it will not accept or enter into
any agreement, letter of intent or similar document relating to an acquisition
proposal for at least 72 hours after Kroll receives notice of the material terms
of the acquisition proposal and the identity of the person making the
acquisition proposal. During this 72-hour period, Factual Data will negotiate in
good faith with Kroll regarding any proposal submitted by Kroll in response to
the acquisition proposal.

         Factual Data also agreed to ensure that the officers, directors and
affiliates of Factual Data and its subsidiaries and any investment banker or
other financial advisor or representative retained by Factual Data or its
subsidiaries are aware of the no-solicitation restrictions described above.

OTHER MATERIAL COVENANTS

         INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

         For six years following the merger:

                  -        Factual Data will include in its articles of
                           incorporation and bylaws indemnification provisions
                           that are no less favorable than the provisions
                           currently set forth in its articles of incorporation
                           and bylaws, and such provisions will not be amended,
                           modified or otherwise repealed in any way that would
                           adversely affect the rights of individuals who are
                           current or former directors, officers or employees of
                           Factual Data at the time the merger is completed,
                           unless otherwise required by law; and

                  -        Factual Data and Kroll will indemnify and hold
                           harmless each present and former director, officer or
                           employee of Factual Data against all losses and
                           damages in connection with any lawsuit, claim or
                           investigation arising out of or pertaining to the
                           transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or
                           otherwise with respect to any acts or omissions
                           occurring at or before the date the merger is
                           completed, to the same extent as provided in Factual
                           Data's articles of incorporation or bylaws as in
                           effect on the date of the merger agreement.

         In addition, for a period of not less than six years after the merger,
Kroll and Factual Data will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain in
effect directors' and officers' liability insurance covering those persons who
are currently covered by Factual Data's existing directors' and officers'

liability insurance policies on terms that are substantially similar to the
terms applicable under those existing policies with respect to claims arising
from and related to facts or events which occurred on or before the date the
merger is completed. Kroll and Factual Data will not be required to pay more
than $300,000 for this coverage for the six-year period.

         CONSENTS; COOPERATION

         Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger
agreement, Kroll and Factual Data will promptly apply for and use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain, all consents and approvals required to be obtained
for the completion of the merger, and will use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all necessary consents, waivers and approvals under any of their
respective material contracts in connection with the merger. The parties have
agreed to consult with and provide necessary information to one another in
connection with any submission by a party in connection proceedings under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act or any other federal, state or foreign antitrust law, and
to use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions that may be required
to cause the expiration of the notice periods under applicable antitrust laws as
promptly as possible after the date of the merger agreement.

         Each party will use commercially reasonably efforts to resolve
objections, if any, asserted by any governmental authority under applicable
antitrust laws, including cooperation and commercially reasonable efforts to
contest and resist any administrative or judicial action or proceeding that may
be commenced by any governmental authority. Neither party is required to
litigate or contest such a proceeding beyond the earlier of October 31, 2003 or
the date of a ruling preliminarily enjoining the merger issued by a court of
competent jurisdiction.

         However, these obligations will not require either party to agree to
accept any operational restriction or to divest itself of any subsidiary,
division or business unit that is material to the business of that party and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or if such restriction or the divestiture of
which would be reasonably likely to have or result in a material adverse effect
on that party or on the benefits intended to be derived as a result of the
merger.

         SHAREHOLDERS MEETING

         Factual Data will call a shareholders meeting that will be held within
45 days of the date the registration statement, of which this proxy
statement/prospectus is a part, is declared effective by the SEC. However,
Factual Data may adjourn the meeting until the following conditions to the
completion of the merger have been satisfied or waived or are reasonably
expected to be satisfied or waived within two business days:

                  -        no temporary restraining order, preliminary or
                           permanent injunction or other court order preventing
                           the completion of the merger is in effect;

                  -        no proceeding brought by a governmental authority
                           seeking to restrain or prohibit the merger is
                           pending;

                  -        no action has been taken nor has any statute, rule,
                           regulation or order been enacted, enforced or deemed
                           applicable to the merger by a governmental authority,
                           which makes the consummation of the merger illegal;

                  -        all necessary governmental approvals, waivers and
                           third party consents in connection with the merger
                           and the transactions contemplated by the merger

                           agreement have been timely obtained and all waiting
                           periods under applicable antitrust laws have expired
                           or terminated;

                  -        Kroll must have filed with The Nasdaq National Market
                           an application for listing of additional shares for
                           the shares of Kroll common stock issuable in exchange
                           for Factual Data common stock and upon exercise of
                           the options under the Factual Data stock option plans
                           assumed by Kroll in the merger; and

                  -        no suit, action or proceeding by a governmental
                           entity is pending that seeks to prohibit or limit in
                           any material respect the ownership or operation by
                           Factual Data, Kroll or their affiliates of a material
                           portion of their business or assets, or to require
                           any of them to dispose of or hold separate any
                           material portion of the business or assets of Factual
                           Data or Kroll and their subsidiaries, in each case
                           taken as a whole, as a result of the merger, or that
                           seeks to prohibit Kroll or any of its affiliates from
                           effectively controlling in any material respect a
                           material portion of the business or operations of
                           Factual Data.

  TREATMENT OF FACTUAL DATA STOCK OPTIONS AND THE FACTUAL DATA EMPLOYEE STOCK
                                 PURCHASE PLAN

         Upon the merger, Factual Data's stock option plans and each outstanding
option to purchase shares of Factual Data common stock under the Factual Data
stock option plans, whether vested or unvested, shall be assumed by Kroll. Each
such option so assumed by Kroll shall continue to have, and be subject to, the
same terms and conditions set forth in (1) the Factual Data stock option plans,
(2) the terms and conditions of each grant and (3) the option agreements
evidencing, or other agreements relating to, such options (the items set forth
in clauses (2) and (3), an "Option Agreement") immediately prior to the merger
except that (i) such option shall be exercisable for the number of whole shares
of Kroll common stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Factual
Data common stock that were issuable upon exercise of such option immediately
prior to the merger multiplied by the quotient of the merger consideration
divided by the average stock price of Kroll common stock over the 20 day period
ending three trading days before the merger, and rounded up to the nearest whole
number of shares of Kroll common stock, (ii) the per share exercise price for
the shares of Kroll common stock issuable upon exercise of such option shall be
equal to the quotient in which the numerator is the product of the exercise
price of Factual Data common stock at which such option was exercisable
immediately prior to the merger multiplied by the average stock price and the
denominator is the merger consideration, rounded up to the nearest whole cent.
The assumed options are intended to qualify as incentive stock options following
the merger as defined in Section 422 of the Code to the extent such options
qualified as incentive stock options prior to the merger. Within 30 days after
the merger, Kroll will issue a document evidencing this assumption to each
person whose option was assumed. The following is an illustrative example of the
adjustment of a Factual Data stock option for 50 shares of Factual Data common
stock with an exercise price of $10.00 per share and an assumed average stock
price of Kroll common stock of $24.00:

         Exchange ratio:                    $3.50 / $24.00 = 0.1458
         Option ratio:                      $17.50 / ($3.50 / 0.1458) = 0.7291
         Adjusted number of shares:         50 x 0.7291 = 36 shares
         Adjusted exercise price:           $10.00 / 0.7291 = $13.72

         Within 20 days of the merger, Kroll will file a registration statement
registering the shares of Kroll common stock subject to the assumed Factual Data
options and shall use its commercially

reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration
statement(s) for so long as such options remain outstanding.

         Outstanding purchase rights under Factual Data's Employee Stock
Purchase Plan will be exercised immediately prior to the merger and participants
in such plan will be issued Factual Data common stock, which shares will be
converted into the right to receive cash of $14.00 per share and Kroll common
stock in accordance with the merger agreement. The Factual Data Employee Stock
Purchase Plan will be terminated on or prior to the merger.

         EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

         Except as provided in the employment agreements with any employee, for
the first year following the merger while employed by Factual Data or Kroll,
employees of Factual Data or Kroll who were employees of Factual Data at the
merger will each (i) receive base wages, benefits, stock options and other
incentives at rates and in amounts no less favorable, in the aggregate, to such
employees than are paid to other employees of Kroll at equivalent levels, (ii)
be eligible for participation in Kroll's bonus plan at levels that, at a
minimum, equal the bonuses for which such employees were eligible immediately
prior to merger, and (iii) not have their respective annual base salaries
reduced below their annual base salaries in effect on date of the merger
agreement.

         For purposes of determining eligibility to participate, vesting and
accrual or entitlement to benefits where length of service is relevant under any
employee benefit plan or arrangement of Factual Data or Kroll, employees of
Factual Data and its subsidiaries as of the merger shall receive service credit
for service with Kroll for all past service during such person's employment with
Factual Data or Kroll (subject to offsets for previously accrued benefits and no
duplication of benefits).

         These provisions are subject to the limitations and qualifications set
forth in the merger agreement and may not be enforced by any employee of Factual
Data.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

         Kroll's and Factual Data's respective obligations to complete the
merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver by them of the following
conditions:

                  -        the merger agreement and the merger shall have been
                           approved and authorized by the Factual Data
                           shareholders;

                  -        no temporary restraining order, preliminary or
                           permanent injunction or other court order preventing
                           the completion of the merger is in effect;

                  -        no proceeding brought by a governmental authority
                           seeking to restrain or prohibit the merger is
                           pending;

                  -        no action has been taken nor has any statute, rule,
                           regulation or order been enacted, enforced or deemed
                           applicable to the merger by a governmental authority,
                           which makes the consummation of the merger illegal;

                  -        all necessary governmental approvals, waivers and
                           consents in connection with the merger and the
                           transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
                           have been timely obtained and all waiting periods
                           under applicable antitrust laws have expired or
                           terminated;

                  -        Kroll has filed with The Nasdaq National Market an
                           application for the listing of additional shares for
                           the shares of Kroll common stock issuable in exchange
                           for Factual Data common stock and upon exercise of
                           the options under the Factual Data stock option plans
                           assumed by Kroll in the merger;

                  -        Kroll's registration statement on Form S-4, of which
                           this proxy statement/ prospectus is a part, is
                           effective and is not subject to a stop order or a
                           proceeding for that purpose; and

                  -        the proxy statement/prospectus has been delivered to
                           the Factual Data shareholders in accordance with
                           applicable law.

         Factual Data's obligations to complete the merger are also subject to
the satisfaction or waiver by it of the following additional conditions:

                  -        each representation and warranty of Kroll contained
                           in the merger agreement shall be true and correct in
                           all material respects, except for those
                           representations and warranties that are qualified by
                           their terms by a reference to materiality, which
                           representations and warranties shall be true in all
                           respects, as of the completion of the merger as
                           though made on that date, except for representations
                           and warranties that speak as of a specified date,
                           which shall be true as of the specified date, and
                           Kroll and Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation
                           shall have performed or complied in all material
                           respects with all covenants, obligations and
                           conditions required to be performed or complied with
                           by them on or prior to the completion of the merger;

                  -        Kroll shall have provided Factual Data with a
                           certificate signed by an executive officer of Kroll
                           that the foregoing conditions have been satisfied;
                           and

                  -        no suit, action or proceeding by an governmental
                           entity shall be pending that seeks to prohibit or
                           limit in any material respect the ownership or
                           operation by Factual Data, Kroll or their respective
                           affiliates of a material portion of their business or
                           assets, or to require any of them to dispose of or
                           hold separate any material portion of the business or
                           assets of Factual Data or Kroll and their
                           subsidiaries, in each case taken as a whole, as a
                           result of the merger, or that seeks to prohibit Kroll
                           or any of its affiliates from effectively controlling
                           in any material respect a material portion of the
                           business or operations of Factual Data.

                  -        there has not occurred, nor is there a continuing, a
                           general suspension of trading in securities on The
                           Nasdaq National Market, nor such a general suspension
                           of at least two consecutive business days during the
                           five business days immediately prior to the merger.

         Kroll's and Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation's obligations to
complete the merger are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by them of
the following additional conditions:

                  -        each representation and warranty of Factual Data
                           contained in the merger agreement shall be true and
                           correct in all material respects, except for such
                           representations and warranties that are qualified by
                           their terms by a reference to materiality, which
                           representations and warranties shall be true in all
                           respects, as of the completion of the merger as
                           though made on such date, except for

                           representations and warranties that speak as of a
                           specified date, which shall be true as of the
                           specified date, and Factual Data shall have performed
                           or complied in all material respects with all
                           covenants, obligations and conditions required to be
                           performed or complied with by it at or prior to the
                           completion of the merger;

                  -        Factual Data shall have provided Kroll with a
                           certificate signed by an executive officer of Factual
                           Data that the foregoing conditions have been
                           satisfied;

                  -        no material adverse change in the condition of
                           Factual Data shall have occurred since December 31,
                           2002;

                  -        all of the directors of Factual Data and its
                           subsidiaries shall have resigned;

                  -        no suit, action or proceeding by an governmental
                           entity shall be pending seeking to prohibit or limit
                           in any material respect the ownership or operation by
                           Factual Data, Kroll or their respective affiliates of
                           any material portion of their business or assets, or
                           to require any of them to dispose of or hold separate
                           any material portion of the business or assets of
                           Factual Data or Kroll and their subsidiaries, in each
                           case taken as a whole, as a result of the merger, or
                           seeking to prohibit Kroll or any of its affiliates
                           from effectively controlling in any material respect
                           a material portion of the business or operations of
                           Factual Data, or seeking to impose material
                           limitations on Kroll's ability to acquire and
                           exercise full ownership rights of any shares of
                           Factual Data common stock;

                  -        Kroll shall have received letters from Factual Data
                           affiliates regarding resales of Kroll common stock
                           under Rule 145 of the Securities Act of 1933;

                  -        there shall not have occurred and be continuing a
                           general suspension of trading on the New York Stock
                           Exchange or on Nasdaq for a period in excess of three
                           hours; a decline in the Nasdaq composite index of 25%
                           or more from the date of the merger agreement; a
                           general suspension in the trading in, or limitation
                           on prices for, securities on The Nasdaq National
                           Market for a period of at least two consecutive
                           business days immediately preceding the Merger; or
                           armed hostilities, international calamities, or acts
                           of terrorism which could reasonable be expected to
                           result in a material adverse effect with respect to
                           Factual Data or its subsidiaries;

                  -        the voting agreements described below have been
                           executed and remain in full force and effect;

                  -        J.H. Donnan, Marcia R. Donnan, Russell E. Donnan and
                           James N. Donnan shall have executed three year lock
                           up agreements with respect to shares of Kroll common
                           stock received by them in the merger and such
                           agreements remain in full force and effect;

                  -        Factual Data shall have received all consents,
                           approvals, actions, orders, authorizations,
                           registrations, declarations, announcements and
                           filings required by the merger agreement;

                  -        Factual Data shall have entered into written
                           agreements which provide for the assignment, consent
                           to change of control, cancellation or other
                           resolution with

                           respect to its third party contracts, in each case
                           acceptable to Kroll in its sole discretion;

                  -        employment agreements with J.H. Donnan, James N.
                           Donnan, Todd A. Neiberger, Russell E. Donnan and
                           certain key employees shall have been entered into
                           and continue in full force and effect;

                  -        Kroll shall have received a statement meeting the
                           requirements of Treasury Regulation Section
                           1.1445-2(c)(3) that neither Factual Data nor any of
                           its subsidiaries is a United States real property
                           holding corporation;

                  -        the Investors Agreement by and among J.H. Donnan,
                           Marcia Donnan, Russell Donnan, James Donnan and CIVC
                           Fund, L.P. and that certain Voting Agreement among
                           the same parties shall have been duly terminated
                           without payment or penalty; and

                  -        the consent to assignment of or change of control
                           obtained from Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                           shall continue to be in full force and effect.

TERMINATION

         The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to completion
of the merger for any of the following reasons:

         1.       By mutual written consent of Kroll and Factual Data.

         2.       By either Kroll or Factual Data, if:

                  -        the merger has not been consummated by October 31,
                           2003 through no fault of the party seeking to
                           terminate the merger;

                  -        a governmental entity has issued any nonappealable
                           final action having the effect of permanently
                           restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
                           merger;

                  -        at the Factual Data special meeting, the requisite
                           vote of the shareholders of Factual Data in favor of
                           the adoption and approval of the merger agreement and
                           the merger has not been obtained;

                  -        any representation or warranty of the other party is
                           not true and correct in all material respects;
                           provided that each party has the right to cure such
                           failure within 15 days of notice of breach up until
                           _____, 2003; or

                  -        the other party fails to perform or comply in all
                           material respects with a covenant, obligation or
                           condition obtained in the merger agreement; provided
                           that each party has the right to cure such failure
                           within 15 days of notice of breach.

         3.       By Kroll, if:

                  -        the consent to assignment or change of control from
                           Experian Information Solutions, Inc. ceases to be in
                           full force and effect at any time prior to the
                           merger;

                  -        the Factual Data board of directors has withdrawn or
                           modified its recommendation of the merger agreement
                           or the merger in a manner adverse to Kroll;

                  -        the Factual Data board of directors fails to reaffirm
                           its recommendation of the merger agreement or the
                           merger within ten business days after Kroll requests
                           this reaffirmation at any time following the public
                           announcement of an acquisition proposal;

                  -        the Factual Data board of directors has recommended
                           to the Factual Data shareholders any transaction
                           which could result in a party other than Kroll
                           acquiring 15% or more of the equity or assets of
                           Factual Data;

                  -        a party other than Kroll commences a tender offer or
                           exchange offer for 15% or more of the outstanding
                           shares of Factual Data common stock and the Factual
                           Data board of directors has not sent to its security
                           holders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 of the Securities
                           Exchange Act, within 45 business days after the offer
                           is first published, sent or given, a statement that
                           Factual Data recommends rejection of the offer; or

                  -        Factual Data fails to call and hold the meeting of
                           its shareholders to approve and adopt the merger
                           agreement and the merger within 45 days after Kroll's
                           registration statement on Form S-4, of which this
                           proxy statement/prospectus is a part, is declared
                           effective by the SEC, provided that this declaration
                           occurs on or before October 31, 2003, except that
                           Factual Data may adjourn the meeting until specified
                           conditions to completion of the merger have been
                           satisfied or waived or are reasonably expected to be
                           satisfied or waived within two business days.

         4.       By Factual Data, if:

                  -        it accepts or proposes to accept, or recommends to
                           shareholders, a superior proposal and pays to Kroll
                           the required termination fee, so long as the Factual
                           Data board of directors has otherwise complied with
                           the no solicitation provisions of the merger
                           agreement. The merger agreement defines a "superior
                           proposal" as an alternative acquisition proposal
                           which the Factual Data board of directors determines
                           in good faith, after consultation with independent
                           financial and legal advisors, (1) is reasonably
                           capable of being completed on the terms proposed and
                           (2) would result in a transaction more favorable to
                           Factual Data shareholders from a financial point of
                           view than the proposed merger; or

                  -        the volume weighted average price of Kroll common
                           stock for the 20 consecutive trading days ending
                           three trading days before the vote of the Factual
                           Data shareholders at the Factual Data special meeting
                           is less than $23.85; provided that (1) it delivers
                           written notice to Kroll no later than two trading
                           days before the Factual Data special meeting that it
                           is terminating the agreement for this reason, which
                           notice is not withdrawn prior to such meeting, and
                           (2) Kroll has not agreed in writing at least one
                           trading day prior to the vote of the Factual Data

                           shareholders at the Factual Data special meeting to
                           deliver to Factual Data shareholders $14.00 in cash
                           and Kroll common stock having a value, based on the
                           average stock price of Kroll common stock determined
                           as described above, of at least $3.50 for each share
                           of Factual Data common stock.

         FEES AND EXPENSES; TERMINATION FEE

         Except as described below, whether or not the merger is completed, all
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the
related transactions will be paid by the party incurring the expense. However,
Kroll and Factual Data will share equally all fees imposed by a governmental
agency in connection with filings under the HSR Act and all fees and expenses,
other than their respective accountants' and attorneys' fees, incurred in
relation to the printing and filing of Kroll's registration statement on Form
S-4, of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part, any related preliminary
materials, financial statements, exhibits and any amendments or supplements.
Kroll will pay the SEC registration fee for the registration statement and
Factual Data shall bear the expense of mailing this proxy statement/prospectus
and any other materials to its shareholders.

         Factual Data will pay Kroll a termination fee of $3,500,000 within two
business days after termination of the merger agreement by Kroll as a result of
one of the following events:

                  -        the Factual Data board of directors has withdrawn or
                           modified its recommendation of the merger agreement
                           and the merger in a manner adverse to Kroll;

                  -        the Factual Data board of directors has failed to
                           reaffirm its recommendation of the merger agreement
                           and the merger within ten business days of a Kroll
                           request for the same at any time following the public
                           announcement of an acquisition proposal;

                  -        the Factual Data board of directors has recommended
                           to the Factual Data shareholders a transaction which
                           could result in a party other than Kroll acquiring
                           15% or more of the equity or assets of Factual Data;
                           or a party other than Kroll commences a tender offer
                           or exchange offer for 15% or more of the outstanding
                           shares of Factual Data common stock and the Factual
                           Data board of directors has not sent to its security
                           holders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 of the Securities
                           Exchange Act, within 45 business days after the offer
                           is first published, sent or given, a statement that
                           Factual Data recommends rejection of the offer; or

                  -        Factual Data fails to call and hold the meeting of
                           its shareholders to approve and adopt the merger
                           agreement and the merger within 45 days after Kroll's
                           registration statement on Form S-4, of which this
                           proxy statement/prospectus is a part, is declared
                           effective by the SEC, except that Factual Data may
                           adjourn the meeting until specified conditions to
                           completion of the merger have been satisfied or
                           waived or are reasonably expected to be satisfied or
                           waived within two business days.

         If Factual Data terminates the merger agreement because it proposes to
accept or recommend to shareholders a superior proposal, the termination fee
will be paid to Kroll simultaneously with the termination.

         If the merger agreement is terminated by Kroll because of a breach of a
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of Factual Data, Factual Data
will pay up to $750,000 of Kroll's and Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation's
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement,
including the fees and expenses of financial advisors, accountants and legal
counsel and printing and filing fees, within two business days of such
termination. If the merger agreement is terminated by Factual Data because of a
breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of Kroll, Kroll will
pay up to $750,000 of Factual Data's out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with the merger agreement, including the fees and expenses of
financial advisors, accountants and legal counsel and printing and filing and
mailing fees and expenses, within two business days of such termination.

AMENDMENT AND WAIVER; PARTIES IN INTEREST

         The merger agreement may be amended by the parties by action taken by
or on behalf of their respective boards of directors at any time prior to the
completion of the merger. However, after the Factual Data shareholders approve
and adopt the merger agreement and merger, no amendment may be made which by
applicable law requires further shareholder approval unless that shareholder
approval is obtained.

         At any time prior to the completion of the merger, any party to the
merger agreement may, to the extent legally allowed:

                  -        extend the time for the performance of any of the
                           obligations or acts of the other parties to the
                           merger agreement;

                  -        waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
                           warranties made to such party contained in the merger
                           agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to
                           the merger agreement; or

                  -        waive compliance with any of the agreements or
                           conditions for its benefit contained in the merger
                           agreement.

         The merger agreement is binding upon and inures solely to the benefit
of the parties to the merger agreement, and nothing in the merger agreement
confers, or is intended to confer, upon any other person any right or remedy
under the merger agreement or otherwise, other than the rights of holders of
Factual Data common stock to receive the merger consideration and the
indemnification and insurance obligations of Kroll and Factual Data following
the completion of the merger, which are intended for the benefit of specific
officers and directors of Factual Data.

                              THE VOTING AGREEMENT

         As an inducement to Kroll to enter into the merger agreement, on June
23, 2003, each of J.H. Donnan, Marcia R. Donnan, Russell E. Donnan, James N.
Donnan, Todd A. Neiberger, Robert J. Terry, Abdul H. Rajput, CIVC Fund L.P. and
BCI Growth V, L.P. entered into a voting agreement with Kroll. Collectively,
these shareholders own a total of 3,498,669 shares of Factual Data common stock,
not including options, which are also covered by the voting agreement, which
represent approximately 56% of the outstanding voting power of Factual Data as
of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.

         Under the terms of the voting agreement, these shareholders have
agreed, among other things, to vote all of the Factual Data common stock owned
of record or beneficially owned by them or over which they otherwise have voting
control:

                  -        in favor of the adoption, approval and consummation
                           of the merger agreement and the merger and the other
                           transactions contemplated thereby;

                  -        against any other acquisition proposal involving
                           Factual Data; and

                  -        against any proposal that could (A) result in the
                           change of directors of Factual Data, its
                           capitalization or organizational documents, (B)
                           result in a breach of any covenant, representation or
                           warranty or any other obligation or agreement of
                           Factual Data under the merger agreement, (C) impair
                           Factual Data's ability to perform its obligations
                           under the merger agreement or (D) prevent or
                           materially delay completing the merger.

         These shareholders have also granted irrevocable proxies to an
affiliate of Kroll to vote all of the Factual Data shares owned by them at any
Factual Data meeting for or against the proposals described above and have also
waived any rights of appraisal or rights to dissent with respect to the merger.

         These shareholders have agreed not to transfer or encumber any of the
Factual Data shares owned by them unless the transferee agrees in writing to be
bound by the terms of the voting agreements and the irrevocable proxies. In
addition, these shareholders also agreed that they will not, directly or
indirectly, in their capacities as shareholders of Factual Data, have any
involvement related to any other acquisition proposal involving Factual Data.

         The voting agreements will terminate upon the earlier to occur of the
termination of the merger agreement or the completion of the merger.

         The voting agreement has been filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part. Factual Data
shareholders should refer to the full text of the voting agreement for a
complete understanding of its terms.

                   COMPARATIVE PER SHARE PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

         Each of Kroll common stock and Factual Data common stock is traded on
The Nasdaq National Market. Kroll common stock trades under the symbol "KROL,"
and Factual Data common stock trades under the symbol "FDCC." The following
table sets forth the high and low sales prices per share of Kroll common stock
and Factual Data common stock, as reported on The Nasdaq National Market, for
the quarterly periods presented below.

                                                        KROLL                   FACTUAL DATA
                                                    COMMON STOCK                COMMON STOCK
                                                    ------------                ------------
                                                 HIGH          LOW            HIGH         LOW
                                                 ----          ---            ----         ---

2001:
First Quarter ......................        $    6.50     $    4.91     $    7.06     $   5.00
Second Quarter .....................             9.69          4.97          7.73         6.81
Third Quarter ......................            12.45          7.00         11.75         7.21
Fourth Quarter .....................            18.00         10.25         11.34         7.79
2002:
First Quarter ......................        $   19.24     $   15.11     $    9.00     $   6.75
Second Quarter .....................            24.34         14.19         12.04         5.95
Third Quarter ......................            25.00         17.00         11.79         6.95
Fourth Quarter .....................            22.85         16.70          8.19         6.19
2003:
First Quarter ......................        $   21.95     $   16.35     $    9.79     $   7.00
Second Quarter .....................            27.89         19.50         19.82         8.78
Third Quarter (through July _, 2003)

         Kroll anticipates that any future earnings will be retained to finance
its operations and for the growth and development of its business. Accordingly,
Kroll does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its shares of common stock
for the foreseeable future. Additionally, the terms of Kroll's revolving credit
facility provide that Kroll cannot pay dividends other than stock dividends and
require maintenance of financial ratios and other covenants, which limit the
funds available for cash dividends. The payment of any future dividends will be
subject to the discretion of Kroll's board of directors and will depend on its
results of operations, financial position and capital requirements, general
business conditions, restrictions imposed by financing arrangements, if any,
legal restrictions on the payment of dividends and other factors its board of
directors deems relevant.

         Factual Data has not paid dividends since its inception. Under the
merger agreement, Factual Data cannot pay cash dividends without the prior
written consent of Kroll. If the merger is completed, the payment of any future
dividends will be determined by Kroll. If the merger is not completed, Factual
Data does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its common stock in the
foreseeable future because Factual Data would intend to retain any future
earnings for use in business development.

         On June 23, 2003, the last trading day prior to the public announcement
of the proposed merger, the closing prices of Kroll common stock and Factual
Data common stock reported on The Nasdaq National Market were $26.64 per share
and $19.60 per share, respectively. On _______, 2003, the most recent
practicable date prior to the printing of this proxy statement/prospectus, the
closing prices of Kroll common stock and Factual Data common stock on The Nasdaq
National Market were $___________ and $__________, respectively. Shareholders
should obtain current market quotations prior to making any decision with
respect to the merger.

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The following unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial statements
give effect to the proposed acquisition of Factual Data based on the assumptions
and adjustments set forth in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma
condensed combining financial statements. In addition, the unaudited pro forma
condensed combining statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2002
also gives effect to Kroll's acquisitions of Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper completed
on June 13, 2002 and September 5, 2002, respectively, and Kroll's common stock
offering during October 2002 based on the assumptions and adjustments set forth
in the accompanying notes.

   The unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial statements assume the
issuance of 819,327 shares of Kroll's common stock in connection with the
proposed acquisition of Factual Data. The number of shares assumed issued was
derived by multiplying the number of shares of Factual Data outstanding on the
date the merger agreement was executed (6,207,019 shares)by an exchange ratio of
0.1320. The unaudited pro forma condensed combining statement of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2002 also reflects the issuance of 6,850,360 shares
of Kroll's common stock in connection with the Ontrack acquisition, the issuance
of 2,900,000 shares of Kroll's common stock in connection with the Zolfo Cooper
acquisition and the issuance of 6,325,000 shares in connection with Kroll's
common stock offering, as if such shares were outstanding for the entire year.

   The value assigned to the number of shares of Kroll's common stock assumed
issued in connection with the proposed Factual Data transaction is based on the
average of Kroll's common stock price on June 24, 2003, the date the Factual
Data transaction was announced, and the two days before and after the
announcement date. This results in an average common stock price of $27.04 for
pro forma valuation purposes. The shares of Kroll's common stock issued in
connection with the Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper transactions are valued based on
the calculations determined upon the completion dates of these transactions as
indicated above.

     The Factual Data purchase price has been allocated based on preliminary
estimates of the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities. See Note 1
to the Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combining Balance Sheet. The pro
forma adjustments are subject to change pending a final analysis of the fair
values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Factual Data. The
impact of these changes could be material.

PERIODS COVERED

     The unaudited pro forma condensed combining statement of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2002 is based on the individual historical statements of
operations of Kroll and Factual Data as well as the individual historical
statements of operations of Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper for the period prior to
being acquired by Kroll on June 13, 2002 and September 5, 2002, respectively,
as if these transactions had occurred as of January 1, 2002. The unaudited pro
forma condensed combining statement of operations for the three

months ended March 31, 2003 is based on the individual historical statements of
operations of Kroll and Factual Data for the three months ended March 31, 2003,
as if the Factual Data transaction had occurred as of January 1, 2002. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combining balance sheet as of March 31, 2003 is
based on the individual historical balance sheets of Kroll and Factual Data, as
if the proposed acquisition of Factual Data had occurred on March 31, 2003.

     The unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial statements are based
on estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions are preliminary
and have been made solely for purposes of developing this pro forma information.
Unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial information is presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating
results that would have been achieved if the acquisitions of Factual Data,
Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper had been consummated as of the beginning of the period
indicated, nor is it necessarily indicative of the results of future operations.
The pro forma condensed combining financial information does not give effect to
any cost savings or restructuring and integration costs that may result from the
integration of the business of Factual Data into Kroll. Costs related to
restructuring and integration of Factual Data have not yet been determined.

     This unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial information is based
upon the respective historical consolidated financial statements of Kroll,
Factual Data, Ontrack and Zolfo Cooper and related notes incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus and should be read in conjunction
with those statements and the related notes.

                                                        KROLL INC.
                               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                                             For the Year Ended December 31, 2002
                                    (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                Historical                        Pro Forma
                                                Ontrack         Pro Forma         Combined
                                                and Zolfo      adjustments         Kroll,                  Pro Forma
                                                 Cooper        for Ontrack         Ontrack     Historical  Adjustments   Pro Forma
                                   Kroll as      Prior to       and Zolfo         and Zolfo     Factual    for Factual   Combined as
                                   Reported     Acquisition      Cooper            Cooper        Data         Data        Acjusted
                                   --------     -----------    ------------      ---------    ----------  ------------  -----------

NET SALES                          $ 289,168     $ 69,426      $      -          $ 358,594    $ 63,072    $      -      $   421,666
COST OF SALES                        147,883       17,069         3,200 (a)        168,152      33,871      (4,497)(g)      197,526
                                   ---------     --------      --------          ---------    --------    --------      -----------
    Gross profit                     141,285       52,357        (3,200)           190,442      29,201       4,497          224,140
                                   ---------     --------      --------          ---------    --------    --------      -----------
OPERATING EXPENSES:
  Selling and marketing               27,424        6,707                           34,131           -       8,216 (g)       42,347
  General and administrative          73,934        9,006                           82,940      12,757      (1,587)(g)       94,110
  Research and development             5,845        4,855                           10,700           -           -           10,700
  Amortization of other
    intangible assets                  2,542          321           813  (b)         4,343       4,555      (2,132)(g)        8,486
                                                                    667   (c)                                1,720 (h)

  Loss on sale of business unit          102            -                              102           -                          102
  Merger related costs                     -            -                                -         115           -              115
                                   ---------     --------      --------          ---------    --------    --------      -----------
    Operating expenses               109,847       20,889         1,480            132,216      17,427       6,217          155,860
                                   ---------     --------      --------          ---------    --------    --------      -----------
      Operating income (loss)         31,438       31,468        (4,680)            58,226      11,774      (1,720)          68,280
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):
  Interest expense                    (4,436)        (537)            -  (d)        (4,973)     (1,486)       (757) (i)      (7,216)
  Interest income                        516          621                            1,137           -          85 (g)        1,222
  Other income (expense), net         (4,232)         (69)                          (4,301)        485         (85)(g)       (3,901)
                                   ---------     --------      --------          ---------    --------    --------      -----------
    Income before provision for
      income taxes                    23,286       31,483        (4,680)            50,089      10,773      (2,477)          58,385
  Provision for income taxes           6,986        1,038        (1,280) (a)        17,487       4,313        (688) (h)      20,809
                                                                   (325) (b)                                  (303) (i)
                                                                   (267) (c)
                                           -            -        11,335  (e)
                                   ---------     --------      --------          ---------    --------    --------      -----------
    Income from continuing
      operations                    $ 16,300     $ 30,445     $ (14,143)          $ 32,602     $ 6,460    $ (1,486)     $    37,576
                                   =========     ========     =========          =========    ========    ========      ===========
BASIC INCOME PER SHARE:
Income from continuing
  operations                          $ 0.55                                        $ 0.95                              $      1.06
                                  ==========                                    ==========                              ===========
Weighted average shares
  outstanding                     29,448,531                  5,021,668  (f)    34,470,199                 819,327  (j)  35,289,526
                                  ==========                  =========         ==========                ========      ===========
DILUTED INCOME PER SHARE:
Income from continuing
  operations                          $ 0.53                                        $ 0.92                              $      1.03
                                  ==========                                    ==========                              ===========
Weighted average shares
  outstanding                     30,542,142                  5,021,668  (f)    35,563,810                 819,327  (j)  36,383,137
                                  ==========                  =========         ==========                ========      ===========

The accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial
statements are an integral part of these combining financial statements.

                                              KROLL INC.
                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                                For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2003
                             (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                          Kroll          Historical
                                                           as             Factual       Pro Forma           Pro Forma
                                                         Reported           Data       Adjustments           Combined
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------         ---------

NET SALES                                              $    104,762    $     20,952    $       --          $   125,714
COST OF SALES                                                48,296          10,994          (1,299) (a)        57,991
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------        -----------
    Gross profit                                             56,466           9,958           1,299             67,723
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------        -----------
OPERATING EXPENSES:
  Selling and marketing                                       9,232            --             2,238  (a)        11,470
  General and administrative                                 23,742           3,552            (370) (a)        26,924
  Research and development                                    3,161            --              --                3,161
  Amortization of other intangible assets                     1,206           1,211             395  (b)         2,243
                                                                                               (569) (a)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------        -----------
    Operating expenses                                       37,341           4,763           1,694             43,798
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------        -----------
      Operating income                                       19,125           5,195            (395)            23,925
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):
  Interest expense                                           (1,057)           (294)           (189) (c)        (1,540)
  Interest income                                               227            --                23  (a)           250
  Other income (expense), net                                    40             127             (23) (a)           144
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------        -----------
    Income before provision for income taxes                 18,335           5,028            (584)            22,779
  Provision for income taxes                                  7,059           2,091            (158) (b)         8,916
                                                                                                (76) (c)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------        -----------
    Income from continuing operations                  $     11,276    $      2,937    $       (350)       $    13,863
                                                       ============    ============    ============        ===========
BASIC INCOME PER SHARE:
Income from continuing operations                      $       0.28                                        $      0.34
                                                       ============                                        ===========
Weighted average shares outstanding                      40,002,935                         819,327 (d)     40,822,262
                                                       ============                    ============        ===========
DILUTED INCOME PER SHARE:
Income from continuing operations                      $       0.28                                        $      0.33
                                                       ============                                        ===========
Weighted average shares outstanding                      40,948,194                        819,327 (d)      41,767,521
                                                       ============                   ============         ===========

The accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial
statements are an integral part of these combining financial statements.

                                                    KROLL INC.
                              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING BALANCE SHEET
                                                  March 31, 2003
                                              (dollars in thousands)

                                                                    Kroll       Historical     Pro Forma        Pro Forma
                                                                 as Reported   Factual Data    Adjustments      Combined
                                                                 -----------   ------------    -----------      --------
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash and cash equivalents                                        $  79,618       $   9,887   $  (86,898) (a)    $ 24,107
                                                                                                 25,000  (c)
                                                                                                 (3,500) (d)

Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance
  for doubtful accounts                                             48,733           9,620         --             58,353
Unbilled revenues                                                   36,353            --           --             36,353
Related party receivables                                              734            --           --                734
Deferred tax asset                                                   5,284             381         --              5,665
Prepaid expenses and other current assets                            8,689             343         --              9,032
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------
     Total current assets                                          179,411          20,231      (65,398)         134,244
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, at cost:
Land                                                                   194            --           --                194
Buildings and improvements                                           2,092            --           --              2,092
Leasehold improvements                                              13,068             918         --             13,986
Furniture and fixtures                                               7,594           3,287         --             10,881
Machinery and equipment                                             40,820          10,551         --             51,371
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------
                                                                    63,768          14,756         --             78,524
Less-accumulated depreciation and amortization                     (37,008)         (8,814)        --            (45,822)
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------       ---------
                                                                    26,760           5,942         --             32,702
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------       ---------

DATABASES, net of accumulated amortization                          10,816            --           --             10,816
GOODWILL, net of accumulated amortization                          300,812             566       83,360 (a)      373,039
                                                                                                (15,199)(b)
                                                                                                  3,500 (d)

OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, net of accumulated
  amortization                                                      27,674          27,168       25,332 (b)       80,174
Deferred tax asset                                                      --           3,221       (3,221) (b)       --
OTHER ASSETS                                                        10,079             158         --             10,237
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------
     Total Assets                                                $ 555,552       $  57,286    $  28,374        $ 641,212
                                                                 =========       =========    =========        =========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Revolving lines of credit                                        $     926       $    --      $  25,000 (c)    $  25,926

Current portion of long-term debt                                       64           3,191         --              3,255
Current portion of capitalized lease
  obligation - license agreements                                     --             2,724         --              2,724
Trade accounts payable                                              10,327           5,890         --             16,217
Related party payables                                               1,820            --           --              1,820
Accrued payroll and related benefits                                11,292           1,191         --             12,483
Other accrued liabilities                                           11,395             450         --             11,845
Income taxes payable                                                 8,678           2,433         --             11,111
Deferred revenue                                                    13,505              68         --             13,573
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------

     Total current liabilities                                      58,007          15,947       25,000           98,954

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                                                5,358            --          6,912 (b)       12,270
CONVERTIBLE NOTES, net of unamortized
  discount                                                          20,847            --           --             20,847
Capitalized lease obligation - license
  agreements, less current portion                                    --             4,321         --              4,321
LONG-TERM DEBT, net of current portion                                  25           3,009         --              3,034
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES                                          1,759            --           --              1,759
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------

     Total liabilities                                              85,996          23,277       31,912          141,185
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
Common stock                                                           401          27,728            8 (a)          409
                                                                                                (27,728)(a),(e)
                                                                   514,182            --         22,147 (a)      544,645
Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)                                                           8,316 (a)
                                                                   (40,314)          6,256       (6,256) (a),(e) (40,314)
Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                (4,276)           --           --             (4,276)
                                                                      (437)             25          (25) (a),(e)    (437)
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------
     Total stockholders' equity                                    469,556          34,009       (3,538)       $ 500,027
                                                                 ---------       ---------    ---------        ---------
                                                                 $ 555,552       $  57,286    $  28,374          641,212
                                                                 =========       =========    =========        =========

The accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combining financial
statements are an integral part of these combining financial statements.

    NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS FOR ONTRACK AND ZOLFO COOPER

     (a) Represents salary expense of $3,200 to former equity partners of Zolfo
     Cooper in lieu of partner draw. The tax effect of the salary expense is
     $1,280 (assuming a tax rate of 40%).

     (b) Includes amortization expense of identifiable intangible assets
     acquired in connection with the acquisition of Ontrack of $813, based on a
     seven year weighted average amortization period. The tax effect of this
     additional expense is $325 (assuming a tax rate of 40%).

     (c) Includes amortization expense of identifiable intangible assets
     acquired in connection with the acquisition of Zolfo Cooper of $667, based
     on a five-year amortization period. The tax effect of this additional
     expense is $267 (assuming a tax rate of 40%).

     (d) In connection with the acquisition of Zolfo Cooper, Kroll incurred
     $75,000 of long-term debt with an estimated interest rate of 6%. During
     October 2002, Kroll utilized $75,000 of the net proceeds raised from its
     common stock offering to repay the long-term debt it incurred in connection
     with the Zolfo Cooper acquisition. For pro forma purposes, it was assumed
     that the long-term debt was repaid as of January 1, 2002.

     (e) Assumes a tax rate of 40% for Zolfo Cooper's operating results for the
     period prior to being acquired by Kroll on September 5, 2002 of $28,337.

     (f) Additional weighted average shares of 5,021,668 represent the
     additional shares of Kroll's common stock that would have been included if
     the shares issued by Kroll in connection with the acquisitions of Ontrack
     and Zolfo Cooper on June 13, 2002 and September 5, 2002, respectively, and
     the common stock offering during October 2002 were outstanding for the
     entire year.

PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS FOR FACTUAL DATA

     (g)Represents reclassifications of Factual Data's line items to conform
     with Kroll's presentation.

     (h) Represents additional amortization expense of identifiable intangible
     assets assumed acquired in connection with the proposed acquisition of
     Factual Data of $1,720, assuming a ten year weighted average amortization
     period. The tax effect of this additional expense is $688(assuming a tax
     rate of 40%).

     (i) Represents interest expense of $757, based on assumed borrowings of
     $25,000 under Kroll's revolving credit facility to finance a portion of the
     cash consideration paid and an interest rate of 3.02875%. The tax effect of
     the interest expense is $303 (assuming a tax rate of 40.0%).

     (j) Additional weighted average shares of 819,327 represent the shares of
     Kroll's common stock assumed issued in connection with the proposed
     acquisition of Factual Data. The number of shares assumed issued was
     derived by multiplying the number of shares of Factual Data outstanding on
     the date the merger agreement was executed (6,207,019 shares) by an
     exchange ratio of 0.1320. Such ratio was calculated by dividing $3.50 by
     $26.51, Kroll's volume-weighted average common stock trading price for the
     five trading days ended Friday, June 20, 2003, of $26.51. The actual
     exchange ratio will be determined based on the volume-weighted average
     trading price of Kroll's common stock over a period of 20 consecutive
     trading days ending three trading days before the vote of the Factual Data
     shareholders at the special meeting. Because the pro forma statements of
     operations assume that the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2002, the
     shares assumed issued have been treated as outstanding for the entire
     period presented.

    NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                    FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2003
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS FOR FACTUAL DATA

     (a) Represents reclassifications of Factual Data's line items to conform
     with Kroll's presentation.

     (b) Represents additional amortization expense of identifiable intangible
     assets assumed acquired in connection with the proposed acquisition of
     Factual Data of $395, assuming a ten year weighted average amortization
     period. The tax effect of this additional expense is $158 (assuming a tax
     rate of 40.0%).

     (c) Represents interest expense of $189, based on assumed borrowings of
     $25,000 under Kroll's revolving credit facility to finance a portion of
     the cash consideration paid and an interest rate of 3.02875%. The tax
     effect of the interest expense is $76(assuming a tax rate of 40.0%).

     (d) Additional weighted average shares of 819,327 represent the shares of
     Kroll's common stock assumed issued in connection with the proposed
     acquisition of Factual Data. The number of shares assumed issued was
     derived by multiplying the number of shares of Factual Data outstanding on
     the on the date the merger agreement was executed (6,207,019 shares) by an
     exchange ratio of 0.1320. Such ratio was calculated by dividing $3.50 by
     $26.51, Kroll's volume-weighted average common stock trading price for the
     five trading days ended Friday, June 20, 2003. The actual exchange ratio
     will be determined based on the volume-weighted average trading price of
     Kroll's common stock over a period of 20 consecutive trading days ending
     three trading days before the vote of the Factual Data shareholders at the
     special meeting. Because the pro forma statements of operations assume that
     the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2002, the shares assumed issued have
     been treated as outstanding for the entire period presented.

         NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINING BALANCE SHEET
                              AS OF MARCH 31, 2003
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

1. ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE

     The allocation of the purchase price among Factual Data's assets acquired
and liabilities assumed is based on preliminary estimates of fair value. These
estimates of fair value could change based on the completion of Kroll's
evaluation of the assets and liabilities of Factual Data, including finalization
of an independent appraisal of the assets acquired.

     The following table sets forth the components of the purchase price.

Common stock issued (819,327 Kroll shares).................. $22,155
Cash consideration..........................................  86,898
Fair value of employee stock options exchanged*.............   8,316
Estimated transaction costs and expenses....................   3,500
                                                             --------
Total purchase price........................................$120,869
                                                             ========

  *Black-Scholes Description
   -------------------------

   The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions used for
grants:

   Descrition
   ----------
   Dividend yield                       -
   Expected volatility              54.89%
   Risk-free interest rate           2.15%
   Expected lives                       5 years

   The number of shares of Kroll common stock assumed issued in connection with
the proposed acquisition of Factual Data was derived by multiplying the number
of outstanding shares of Factual Data on the date the merger agreement was
executed (6,207,019 shares) by an exchange ratio of 0.1320. Such ratio was
calculated by dividing $3.50 by $26.51, Kroll's volume-weighted average common
stock trading price for the five trading days ended Friday, June 20, 2003 of
$26.51. The actual exchange ratio will be determined based on the
volume-weighted average trading price of Kroll's common stock over a period of
20 consecutive trading days ending three trading days before the vote of the
Factual Data shareholders at the special meeting.

   The value assigned to the number of shares of Kroll's common stock assumed
issued in connection with the proposed acquisition of Factual Data is based on
the average of Kroll's common stock price on June 24, 2003, the date the Factual
Data transaction was announced and the two days before and after the
announcement date. This results in an average common stock price for pro forma
valuation purposes of $27.04.

     The following table sets forth the preliminary estimate of the fair value
of identifiable net assets of Factual Data acquired and acquisition goodwill:

Assets
  Cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and unbilled
   revenue .................................................$ 19,507
  Prepaid expenses and other................................     724
  Property, plant and equipment.............................   5,942
  Goodwill..................................................  72,227
  Other intangible assets...................................  52,500
  Other assets..............................................     158
Liabilities
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, deferred
    revenue and other current liabilities...................  15,947
  Long-term debt and capitalized lease obligations
    Deferred income taxes...................................   7,330
                                                               6,912
                                                             --------
Total purchase price........................................$120,869
                                                             ========

2. Pro Forma Adjustments

(a) Represents the consideration assumed issued in connection with the proposed
acquisition of Factual Data.

(b) Represents the allocation of the purchase price based on preliminary
estimates of fair value of Factual Data's identifiable net assets acquired at
March 31, 2003.

The excess of the purchase price over preliminary estimates of fair value of
identifiable net assets is as follows:

Total purchase price.................................    $120,869
Preliminary estimates of fair value of
 identifiable net assets acquired....................      48,642

Acquisition goodwill.................................     $72,227
                                                          =======

Calculation of goodwill acquisition adjustment is as follows:

Acquisition goodwill.................................     $72,227

Less: Factual Data goodwill at March 31, 2003........         566
                                                          -------
Goodwill adjustment..................................     $71,661
                                                          =======

(c) Represents assumed borrowings of $25,000 under Kroll's revolving credit
facility to finance a portion of the cash consideration paid.

(d) Represents estimated transaction costs and expenses incurred by Kroll of
$3,500 in connection with the acquisition of Factual Data.

(e)Represents the elimination of Factual Data's outstanding equity balances as
of March 31, 2003.

    COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF KROLL STOCKHOLDERS AND FACTUAL DATA SHAREHOLDERS

      After the merger, shareholders of Factual Data will become stockholders of
Kroll. Their rights will then be governed by Kroll's certificate of
incorporation and bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law. Presently,
Factual Data shareholders' rights are governed by its articles of incorporation
and bylaws and the Colorado Business Corporation Act.

      The following summary describes the material differences among the Kroll
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the Factual Data articles of
incorporation and bylaws. This summary is not, however, a complete statement of
all differences between rights of the holders of Kroll common stock and Factual
Data common stock and is qualified by the full text of each document, the
Colorado Business Corporation Act and the Delaware General Corporation Law. You
should carefully read this entire proxy statement/prospectus and refer to the
other documents discussed below for a more complete understanding of the
differences among the rights of Factual Data shareholders and Kroll
stockholders.

CAPITALIZATION

      Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock

      The Factual Data articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of
51,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of:

            -     50,000,000 shares of common stock; and

            -     1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, the rights and
                  preferences of which may be determined by the board of
                  directors.

      The Kroll certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of
105,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of:

            -     100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01; and

            -     5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.01, the
                  rights and preferences of which may be determined by the board
                  of directors.

      Voting Rights

      Under Colorado and Delaware law, shareholders are entitled to one vote per
share of common stock held by such shareholder. The Factual Data articles of
incorporation and the Kroll certificate of incorporation each prohibits
cumulative voting for directors.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

      Board Size

      Colorado law provides that the board of directors of a Colorado
corporation shall consist of one or more directors as fixed by or in accordance
with the bylaws. The Factual Data bylaws provide that the number of directors be
fixed by the board of directors from time to time and shall not be less than
one. Currently, Factual Data has seven directors.

      Under Delaware law, the board of directors shall consist of one or more
members. The number of directors shall be fixed by or in the manner provided in
the corporation's bylaws, unless the corporation's

certificate of incorporation fixes the number of directors, in which case a
change in the number of directors shall be made only by amendment of the
certificate. The Kroll bylaws provide that the number of directors constituting
the board of directors shall not be less than two nor more than ten, as
determined by the board of directors. Currently Kroll has nine directors.

      Board Classification

      The Factual Data articles of incorporation and by-laws provides that the
Factual Data board is classified into three classes. Each class of directors is
elected for a three-year term. Three directors are serving a term expiring in
2006, two directors are serving a term expiring in 2004 and two directors are
serving a term expiring in 2005.

      The Kroll certificate of incorporation and by-laws provides that the Kroll
board is classified into three classes. Each class of directors is elected for a
three-year term. There are three directors in Class I, who are serving a term
expiring in 2006, three directors in Class II, who are serving a term expiring
in 2004 and three directors in Class III, who are serving a term expiring in
2005.

      Quorum Requirements

      Under Colorado law, a majority of the directors then in office constitutes
a quorum. However, the bylaws may require a higher or lower number of directors
to establish a quorum. The Factual Data bylaws do not modify this quorum
requirement.

      Under Delaware law, a majority of the directors then in office constitutes
a quorum, unless the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation
of a corporation require a greater or lesser number, but in no event less than
one-third of the votes of the entire board. Neither the Kroll certificate of
incorporation nor the Kroll bylaws modifies this quorum requirement.

      Nominations

      Neither Colorado law nor the Factual Data articles of incorporation or
bylaws have procedures for proposed shareholder nominations for the election of
directors.

      The Kroll bylaws provide that nominations of candidates for election as
directors may be made by the board of directors or by any holder of record of
the capital stock of Kroll entitled to vote for the election of directors that
complies with the requirements for making nominations. A Kroll stockholder that
seeks to nominate a director must be present in person at the annual meeting.
Nominations for the election of directors must be made in a written notice that
is timely delivered to the secretary of Kroll. To be timely, the notice must be
delivered to, or mailed or received by Kroll at its principal executive offices,
not less than 75 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary date of
the previous year's annual meeting, unless the annual meeting is scheduled to be
held more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after that anniversary date,
in which case notice is timely if delivered to or mailed and received by Kroll
not later than the later of (x) the 75th day before the date of the annual
meeting or (y) the 15th day after Kroll publicly announces the date of the
annual meeting.

      The stockholder's notice must state

- -     the name, age, business address and residence address of each person
      proposed to be nominated;

- -     the principal occupation or employment of each person proposed to be
      nominated;

- -     the class and number of shares of Kroll capital stock beneficially owned
      by each person proposed to be nominated on the date of the notice;

- -     the consent of each nominee to serve as director if elected;

- -     the information regarding each nominee that is required to be disclosed
      pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934;

- -     the name and address of the stockholder and of the beneficial owners, if
      any, of Kroll capital stock registered in the nominating stockholder's
      name and the name and address of any other stockholder known by the
      nominating stockholder to be supporting each nominee;

- -     the class and number of shares of Kroll capital stock held of record,
      beneficially owned or represented by proxy by the nominating stockholder
      and by any other stockholder known by the nominating stockholder to be
      supporting each nominee; and

- -     a description of all arrangements or understandings between the nominating
      stockholder and each nominee and any other person relating to the
      nomination of that nominee by the nominating stockholder.

      If the Kroll board of directors, any committee designated by the board or
the presiding officer of the annual meeting determines that a person was not
nominated in accordance with the foregoing procedures, that nominee will not be
considered at the annual meeting.

      Cumulative Voting for Directors

      Under Colorado and Delaware law, cumulative voting is permitted only if it
is specifically provided for in the corporation's articles of incorporation or
certificate of incorporation, respectively. Neither the Factual Data articles of
incorporation nor the Kroll certificate of incorporation provides for cumulative
voting.

      Removal of Directors

      Colorado law provides that the directors of a corporation may be removed
by the shareholders with or without cause unless the articles of incorporation
provide that the directors may be removed only for cause. The Factual Data
articles of incorporation and bylaws do not modify this right.

      Under Delaware law, a director of a corporation with a classified board of
directors may be removed only for cause, unless the certificate of incorporation
otherwise provides. The Kroll certificate of incorporation provides for a
classified board of directors and specifically provides that no director may be
removed by action of the stockholders except for cause. Consequently, a director
of Kroll may be removed from office only for cause by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote.

      Board Action by Written Consent

      Under Colorado law, unless otherwise restricted by the bylaws, an action
may be taken by a written action signed by all of the directors, if signed by
all of the directors. The Factual Data bylaws do not modify the Colorado law.

      Under Delaware law, unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws, the board of directors of a Delaware corporation may
take action without a meeting if all members of the board consent to such action
in writing. The Kroll certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not contain any
restriction on this right.

      Board Vacancies

      Under Colorado law, unless different rules for filling vacancies are
provided for in the articles of incorporation, if a vacancy occurs on a board of
directors, including vacancies resulting from an increase in the number of
directors, may be filled by the shareholders, by the board, or by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even though less than
a quorum. The Factual Data articles of incorporation do not modify the
procedures prescribed by Colorado law.

      Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of the corporation, vacancies and newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors
may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than
a quorum. If at any time there are no directors, then any officer or stockholder
may call a special meeting or apply to a court for the purpose of holding an
election. Additionally, if at the time of filling a vacancy or newly created
directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of
the whole board, a stockholder or stockholders holding at least ten percent of
the total number of outstanding shares may apply to a court for the purpose of
holding an election. The Kroll bylaws provide that vacancies, including any
vacancy created by the increase in the number of directors or the death,
resignation, disqualification or removal of a director, may be filled by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even
if the remaining directors constitute less than a quorum, or, if the vacancy is
not so filled by the remaining directors, by the Kroll stockholders.

SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS

      Shareholder Action by Written Consent

      Under Colorado law, any action required or permitted to be taken at a
meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting by written action
signed by all of the shareholders entitled to vote on that action, unless the
otherwise restricted by the articles of incorporation. The Factual Data articles
of incorporation do not modify the Colorado law.

      Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the corporation's
certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at a
meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting by written action
signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a
meeting at which all shares entitled to vote were present and voted. The Kroll
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the stockholders of Kroll
may not take action by written consent.

      Ability to Call Special Meetings

      Under Colorado law and the Factual Data bylaws, a special meeting of
shareholders may be called by the board of directors or any other person
authorized to do so in the corporation's bylaws or by resolution of the board of
directors, or by written demand from a shareholder or shareholders holding ten
percent or more of the shares entitled to vote on the matters entitled to vote
on the matters to be presented at the meeting.

      Under Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called in the
manner provided by the certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The Kroll
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that special meetings of the
stockholders may be called only by the Executive Chairman of the Board, the
Chief Executive Officer or the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of
directors then in office.

      Notice of Meetings

      Under Colorado law and the Factual Data bylaws, holders of Factual Data
common stock are entitled to at least ten but not more than 60 days' prior
written notice for each regular meeting and special meeting. In addition,
Colorado law and Factual Data's bylaws require that notice of a meeting at which
the number of authorized shares is to be increased shall be given at least 30
days prior to the meeting.

      Under Delaware law and the Kroll bylaws, Kroll stockholders are entitled
to at least ten but not more than 60 days' prior written notice for each annual
meeting and special meeting of the stockholders. Delaware law requires that
notice of a meeting at which an agreement of merger is to be considered shall be
given to all stockholders of record, whether entitled to vote or not, at least
20 days prior to the meeting.

      Quorum Requirements

      Under Colorado law, unless otherwise provided in the articles of
incorporation or the Colorado Business Corporation Act, the holders of a
majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting shall
constitute a quorum, but a quorum shall not consist of fewer than one-third of
the votes entitled to be cast by the voting group. The articles of incorporation
of Factual Data do not modify the Colorado law.

      Under Delaware law, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of a corporation, a majority of the shares entitled to
vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a
meeting of the stockholders. The Kroll certificate of incorporation provides
that the holders of shares of voting stock representing a majority of the voting
power of the outstanding shares of voting stock issued, outstanding and entitled
to vote at a stockholders meeting, represented in person or by proxy at that
meeting, shall constitute a quorum.

      Advance Notice Provisions

      Neither Colorado law nor the Factual Data articles of incorporation or
bylaws have procedures for advance notice of shareholder proposals to be brought
before the annual meeting.

      The Kroll bylaws provide that, for a stockholder proposal to properly be
brought before an annual meeting, the stockholder must comply with specified
procedures. A Kroll stockholder that seeks to bring a proposal before an annual
meeting must be present in person at that meeting. The proposal must be made in
a written notice that is timely delivered to the secretary of Kroll. To be
timely, the notice must be delivered to, or mailed or received by Kroll at its
principal executive offices, not less than 75 days nor more than 120 days prior
to the anniversary date of the previous year's annual meeting, unless the annual
meeting is scheduled to be held more than 30 days before or more than 60 days
after that anniversary date, in which case notice is timely if delivered to or
mailed and received by Kroll not later than the later of (x) the 75th day before
the date of the annual meeting or (y) the 15th day after Kroll publicly
announces the date of the annual meeting.

      The notice shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to
bring before the annual meeting:

  -   a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the
      annual meeting and the reasons for conducting that business at that
      meeting;

  -   the name and address of the stockholder proposing that business;

  -   the class and number of shares of Kroll capital stock which are
      beneficially owned by that stockholder;

  -   the name and address of the beneficial owners, if any, of Kroll capital
      stock registered in that stockholder's name and the class and number of
      shares of Kroll capital stock beneficially owned by those owners;

  -   the name and address of any other stockholder known by the proposing
      stockholder to be supporting that business and the class and number of
      shares of Kroll capital stock beneficially owned by those other
      stockholders; and

  -   any material interest of the stockholder, or any stockholder known to be
      supporting the proposal, in that business.

      If the Kroll board of directors, any committee designated by the board or
the presiding officer of the annual meeting determines that a stockholder
proposal was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedures, that proposal
will not be considered at the annual meeting.

      Additionally, the Kroll bylaws provide special requirements for
stockholder proposals of nominations for the election of directors. See " -
Board of Directors - Nominations."

VOTING RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO EXTRAORDINARY CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS

      Under Colorado law, the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of all
or substantially all of a corporation's property and assets other than in the
usual and regular course of business must be authorized at a shareholders
meeting by a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote. In
addition, under Colorado law, an agreement of merger, exchange or consolidation
must be approved by the directors of each constituent corporation and adopted by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares
entitled to vote thereon. A greater vote may by required if provided in a
corporation's articles of incorporation or bylaws or if required by the board of
directors.

      The Factual Data articles of incorporation require the affirmative vote of
two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote for any merger or consolidation of
Factual Data with or into any other corporation, or a sale, lease, exchange or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets, or the dissolution
of Factual Data.

      Under Delaware law, approval of mergers and consolidations requires the
affirmative vote or consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares entitled to vote, except that, unless required by the certificate of
incorporation, no vote of stockholders of the corporation surviving a merger is
necessary if: (1) the merger does not amend in any respect the certificate of
incorporation of the corporation; (2) each outstanding share immediately prior
to the effective date of the merger is to be an identical share of the surviving
corporation after the merger; and (3) either no common stock of the corporation
and no securities or obligations convertible into common stock are to be issued
in the merger, or the number of shares of common stock to be issued in the
merger plus the number of shares of common stock that are initially issuable on
conversion of other securities issued in the merger do not exceed 20% of the
common stock of the corporation outstanding immediately before the merger. The
Kroll certificate of incorporation does not modify this voting requirement.

      In addition to the requirements discussed above, the antitakeover
provisions of Delaware law impose different or additional voting requirements.
See "- Business Combinations and Anti-Takeover Provisions."

AMENDMENTS TO ORGANIZATIONAL DOCUMENTS

      Articles of Incorporation

      Under Colorado law, if a quorum exists, an amendment to the articles of
incorporation generally is approved if the votes cast favoring the action exceed
the votes cast opposing the action unless a larger affirmative vote is required
by the corporation's articles of incorporation or bylaws or by the board of
directors or shareholders proposing the amendment. Prior to submitting an
amendment for a shareholder vote, the amendment must be recommended by the board
of directors to the shareholders unless the amendment is proposed by
shareholders or unless the board of directors determines that, because of a
conflict of interest or other special circumstances, it should make no
recommendation and communicates the basis for its determination to the
shareholders with the amendment. In addition, holders of an outstanding class or
series are entitled to vote as a class upon a proposed amendment, whether or not
entitled to vote thereon by the provisions of the articles, if the amendment
would have certain effects on the class or series of stock, such as changing the
number of shares in the class or changing the rights or preferences of the class
or series. The Factual Data articles of incorporation require that the articles
can only be amended or repealed by a vote of two-thirds of the shares entitled
to vote thereon.

      Under Delaware law, an amendment to the certificate of incorporation
requires the affirmative vote of the holders of majority of the shares entitled
to vote, unless the corporation's certificate of incorporation requires a
greater or lesser number for approval. The Kroll certificate of incorporation
does not change the vote required by Delaware law. Additionally, under Delaware
law, the holders of the outstanding shares of a class are entitled to vote as a
class upon any proposed amendment to the certificate of incorporation, whether
or not they are entitled to vote thereon by the provisions of the corporation's
certificate of incorporation, if the amendment would increase or decrease the
aggregate number of authorized shares of such class, increase or decrease the
par value of the shares of such class, or alter or change the powers,
preferences or special rights of the shares of such class so as to adversely
affect them.

      Bylaws

      Colorado law and the Factual Data bylaws provide that the power to make,
amend or repeal the bylaws is vested in the board, unless the shareholders, in
making, amending or repealing a particular bylaw, expressly provide that the
directors may not amend or repeal such bylaw. Colorado law and the Factual Data
bylaws also provide that the authority of the board of directors is subject to
the power of the shareholders to make, amend or repeal such bylaws by a majority
vote of the shareholders at any annual meeting or at a special meeting called
for such purpose. Moreover, the board of directors may not make or alter any
bylaws fixing a quorum for meetings of shareholders, prescribing procedures for
removing directors or filling vacancies in the board of directors, or fixing the
number of directors or their classifications, qualifications or terms of office.
The board may adopt or amend a bylaw to increase the number of directors.

      Under Delaware law, the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws is
vested in the board of directors and is subject to the power of the stockholders
to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws adopted, amended or repealed by the board. The
Kroll certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the bylaws may be
amended or repealed by the board of directors or at any annual meeting of
stockholders or special meeting of stockholders called for that purpose by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes eligible to be cast on the
amendment or repeal by holders of voting stock, voting together as a single
class.

PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND REPURCHASE OF SHARES OF STOCK

      Under Colorado law, a corporation may pay dividends or repurchase its
shares if (i) the corporation will be able to pay its debts in the ordinary
course of business after paying the dividend or repurchasing the shares or (ii)
the corporation's total assets continue to exceed its liabilities plus any
amounts required to pay any preferential rights.

      Under Delaware law, a corporation may pay dividends only out of surplus,
which is defined generally as the stockholders' equity of the corporation less
the par value of the capital stock outstanding, or, if there exists no surplus,
out of the net profits of the corporation for the fiscal year in which the
dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. If the capital of the
corporation has diminished to an amount less than the aggregate amount of
capital represented by issued and outstanding stock having a liquidation
preference, the corporation may not declare and pay out of its net profits any
dividends to the holders of its common stock until the deficiency has been
repaired. In general, Delaware law provides that shares of a corporation's
capital stock may only be repurchased or redeemed by the corporation out of
surplus. To determine the surplus, assets and liabilities are valued at their
current fair market value. Assuming that such assets have a fair market value
greater than their book value and that liabilities have not increased in value
to a greater extent, such revaluation will increase the surplus of the
corporation and thereby permit the corporation to pay an increased dividend
and/or to repurchase a greater number of shares.

      It is the present policy of Kroll's board of directors to retain any
earnings for use in Kroll's business.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS

      Under Colorado law, a corporation may include in its articles of
incorporation a provision which would, subject to the limitations described
below, eliminate or limit directors' liability for monetary damage for breaches
of their fiduciary duty of care. Under Colorado law, a director's liability
cannot be eliminated or limited for:

            -     any breach of a director's duty of loyalty to the corporation
                  and its shareholders;

            -     acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve
                  intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

            -     unlawful distributions voted for or assented to by a director;
                  or

            -     receipt of an improper personal benefit.

      The Factual Data articles of incorporation provide that, to the fullest
extent permitted by Colorado law, a director shall not be liable to the
corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as director.

      Under Delaware law, a corporation may include in its certificate of
incorporation a provision which would, subject to the limitations described
below, eliminate or limit directors' liability for monetary damage for breaches
of their fiduciary duty of care. Under Delaware law, a director's liability
cannot be eliminated or limited for:

            -     breaches of duty of loyalty;

            -     acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
                  intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

            -     the payment of unlawful dividends or expenditure of funds for
                  unlawful stock purchases or redemptions; or

            -     transactions from which a director derived an improper
                  personal benefit.

      The Kroll certificate of incorporation provides for the elimination or
limitation of directors' liability to the fullest extent permitted under
Delaware law.

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES

      Under Colorado law, a corporation may indemnify any director, officer or
employee who is made or threatened to be made party to a proceeding by reason of
the former or present official capacity of the director, officer or employee,
against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses so long
as such person:

            -     acted in good faith; and

            -     reasonably believed that (i) in the case of conduct in an
                  official capacity with the corporation, that the conduct was
                  in the best interests of the corporation, or (ii) in all other
                  cases, that the conduct was at least not opposed to the best
                  interests of the corporation; and

            -     in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause
                  to believe the conduct was unlawful.

      Colorado law provides that, unless limited by the articles of
incorporation, a corporation shall indemnify a person who was wholly successful
in defense of any proceeding to which the person is a party because the person
is or was a director, against reasonable expenses incurred in connection with
the proceeding. The Factual Data articles of incorporation state that Factual
Data shall indemnify and advance expenses to a director of the corporation to
the fullest extent permitted by Colorado law.

      Under Delaware law, a corporation has the power to indemnify any
directors, officer, employee or agent who is made or threatened to be made a
party to a proceeding by reason of the former or present official capacity of
the director, officer, employee or agent against judgments, fines, settlement
amounts and expenses reasonable incurred so long as such person:

            -     acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably
                  believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
                  corporation; and

            -     with respect to a criminal proceeding, the person had no
                  reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.

A corporation may not indemnify a person who is found liable to the corporation
unless a court determines that the person is entitled to such indemnification. A
corporation is required to indemnify a present or former director or officer to
the extent that such person has been successful in the defense of an action. The
Kroll certificate of incorporation provides for the indemnification of directors
and officers to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law.

DISSENTERS' AND APPRAISAL RIGHTS

      Under Colorado law, dissenting shareholders are entitled to dissenter'
rights in connection with the lease, sale, exchange, transfer or certain other
dispositions of all or substantially all of the assets of a corporation. In
addition, shareholders of a Colorado corporation are entitled, except in limited
situations, to dissenters' rights in connection with any merger or exchange
which requires a shareholder vote by the Colorado corporation's shareholders. If
dissenting shareholders have complied with the procedures prescribed by Colorado
law, following the effective date of the transaction, the corporation is
required to

remit to each dissenting shareholder the amount the corporation estimates to be
the fair value of the shareholder's shares, plus interest, accompanied by
certain other documents. Finally, under Colorado law, the corporation generally
pays all costs of the proceedings, unless a court determines that a shareholder
acted arbitrarily, vexatiously or not in good faith.

      Under Delaware law, appraisal rights are available only in connection with
statutory mergers or consolidations. Generally, stockholders of a Delaware
corporation who dissent from a merger or consolidation of the corporation for
which a stockholders' vote is required are entitled to appraisal rights,
requiring the surviving corporation to purchase the dissenting shares at fair
value. There are, however, no statutory rights of appraisal for stockholders of
a Delaware corporation whose shares of stock are either:

            -     listed on a national securities exchange or designated as a
                  national market system security on an interdealer quotation
                  system by the National Association of Securities Dealers,
                  Inc.; or

            -     held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders.

In addition, there are no statutory rights of appraisal for stockholders of a
Delaware corporation that receive in the merger or consolidation:

- -     shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from the merger
      or consolidation;

- -     shares of stock of any other corporation (1) listed on a national
      securities exchange or designated as a national market system security on
      an interdealer quotations system by the National Association of Securities
      Dealers, Inc. or (2) held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders;

- -     cash instead of fractional shares;

- -     or any combination of the foregoing.

A corporation is not required to remit to dissenting stockholders the fair value
of the shares unless and until such fair value is determined by a court. A court
may, but is not required to, award a fair interest on such amount. Under
Delaware law, the costs of the proceedings are determined by the court and taxed
upon the parties as deemed equitable by the court under the circumstances.

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

      Colorado law does not have provisions that prohibit business combinations
or have an anti-takeover effect.

      Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits certain
transactions between a Delaware corporation and an "interested stockholder." For
purposes of this provision an "interested stockholder" is a stockholder that is
directly or indirectly a beneficial owner of 15% or more of the voting power of
the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation or its affiliate or
associate. This provision prohibits certain business combinations between an
interested stockholder and a corporation for a period of three years after the
date the interested stockholder acquired its stock, unless:

- -     the business combination is approved by the corporation's board of
      directors prior to the stock acquisition date;

- -     the interested stockholder acquired at least 85% of the voting stock of
      the corporation in the transaction in which he became an interested
      stockholder; or

- -     the business combination is approved by a majority of the board of
      directors and the affirmative vote of two-thirds of disinterested
      stockholders.

      The foregoing discussion of similarities and material differences between
the rights of Factual Data shareholders and the rights of Kroll stockholders
under their respective organizational documents and applicable law is only a
summary of some of the provisions of those documents and does not purport to be
a complete description of all of the similarities and differences, and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the corporate law of Colorado and
Delaware and the full text of the articles or certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of each of Factual Data and Kroll.

                                  LEGAL MATTERS

      The legality of the shares of Kroll common stock to be issued to Factual
Data shareholders in connection with the merger will be passed upon by Kramer
Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP, New York, New York, special counsel to Kroll.

                                     EXPERTS

      The consolidated financial statements of Kroll Inc. as of December 31,
2002 and 2001 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31,
2002 incorporated in this proxy statement/prospectus by reference from Kroll
Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002 have been
audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their
report (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes explanatory
paragraphs referring to: i) Kroll Inc.'s change in method of accounting for
goodwill and other intangible assets to conform to Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 142, and ii) the application of procedures relating to
certain disclosures of financial statement amounts related to the 2000
consolidated financial statements that were audited by other auditors who ceased
operations and for which we have expressed no opinion or other form of assurance
other than with respect to such disclosures), which is incorporated herein by
reference, and have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such
firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

      The combined financial statements of Zolfo Cooper, LLC incorporated in
this proxy statement/prospectus by reference from Kroll Inc.'s Amendment No. 2
to Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on October 11, 2002 for the years
ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP,
independent auditors, as stated in their report, which is incorporated herein by
reference, and have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such
firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

      Kroll's consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2000 and for
the year then ended incorporated by reference in this prospectus by reference
from Kroll's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002
have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP, independent public accountants, as
indicated in their report with respect thereto, and have been so incorporated in
reliance upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing
in giving said reports. Kroll has not been able to obtain, after reasonable
efforts, the written consent of Arthur Andersen to Kroll's naming it in the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part as having certified
Kroll's consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2000
as required by Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, and Kroll has dispensed
with the requirement to file its consent in reliance on Rule 437a promulgated
under the Securities Act. As a result, your ability to assert claims against
Arthur Andersen may be limited. Since Kroll has not been able to obtain the
written consent of Arthur Andersen, you will not be able to recover against
Arthur Andersen under Section 11 of the Securities Act for any untrue statements
of a material fact contained in the financial statements audited by Arthur
Andersen or any omissions to state a material fact required to be stated
therein.

      The consolidated financial statements of Ontrack Data International, Inc.
for the year ended December 31, 2001 have been audited by Grant Thornton LLP,
independent auditors, as stated in its report which is incorporated by reference
in the registration statement, of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a
part, in reliance upon the Grant Thornton LLP report, given upon their authority
as experts in accounting and auditing.

      The consolidated financial statements of Factual Data Corp. incorporated
in this proxy statement/prospectus by reference from Factual Data Corp.'s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the years

ended December 31, 2002 and 2001 have been audited by BDO Seidman, LLP,
independent auditors, as stated in their report, which is incorporated by
reference, and are incorporated herein in reliance upon such report given upon
the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

      The consolidated financial statements of Factual Data Corp. included in
its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 that is
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus have been audited
by Ehrhardt Keefe Steiner & Hottman PC, independent auditors, as stated in its
report which is incorporated herein by reference, and have been so included in
reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in
accounting and auditing.

                                     ANNEX A

                                MERGER AGREEMENT

                                      A-1

.................................................................................

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION
                                  BY AND AMONG
                                   KROLL INC.,
                     GOLDEN MOUNTAIN ACQUISITION CORPORATION
                                       AND
                               FACTUAL DATA CORP.

.................................................................................
                               JUNE 23, 2003

                                

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION.........................................1

RECITALS                                                                     1

ARTICLE I  THE MERGER........................................................1

      1.1   THE MERGER.......................................................1

      1.2   CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME..........................................2

      1.3   EFFECT OF THE MERGER.............................................2

      1.4   ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION; BYLAWS................................2

      1.5   DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS...........................................2

      1.6   EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK..........................................3

      1.7   SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES........................................5

      1.8   NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN TARGET COMMON STOCK...............6

      1.9   RETURN OF EXCHANGE FUND..........................................7

      1.10  TAKING OF NECESSARY ACTION; FURTHER ACTION.......................7

ARTICLE II  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET.........................7

      2.1   ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND POWER.................................8

      2.2   CAPITAL STRUCTURE................................................8

      2.3   AUTHORITY.......................................................10

      2.4   SEC DOCUMENTS; TARGET FINANCIAL STATEMENTS......................11

      2.5   ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES......................................12

      2.6   ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES; ACQUISITION-RELATED
            LIABILITIES AND OBLIGATIONS.....................................13

      2.7   CONTRACTS.......................................................14

      2.8   LITIGATION......................................................15

                                       i

                           (continued)

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

      2.9   RESTRICTIONS ON BUSINESS ACTIVITIES.............................16

      2.10  GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION......................................16

      2.11  TITLE TO PROPERTY...............................................16

      2.12  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY...........................................17

      2.13  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS...........................................20

      2.14  TAXES...........................................................20

      2.15  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS..........................................23

      2.16  EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS.......................................25

      2.17  RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS......................................26

      2.18  INSURANCE.......................................................27

      2.19  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS............................................27

      2.20  BROKERS' AND FINDERS' FEES......................................27

      2.21  VOTE REQUIRED...................................................27

      2.22  REGISTRATION STATEMENT; PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS..............28

      2.23  COMPLETE COPIES OF MATERIALS....................................28

      2.24  OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR....................................28

      2.25  BOARD APPROVAL..................................................28

      2.26  ILLEGAL PAYMENTS................................................29

      2.27  CUSTOMERS.......................................................29

      2.28  REPRESENTATIONS COMPLETE........................................29

ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ACQUIROR AND MERGER SUB......29

      3.1   ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND POWER................................30

      3.2   CAPITAL STRUCTURE...............................................30

      3.3   AUTHORITY.......................................................31

                                       ii

                           (continued)

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

      3.4   REGISTRATION STATEMENT; PROXY STATEMENT.........................32

      3.5   SEC DOCUMENTS...................................................32

      3.6   ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES......................................32

      3.7   BROKERS' AND FINDERS' FEES......................................33

      3.8   BOARD APPROVAL..................................................33

      3.9   REPRESENTATIONS COMPLETE........................................33

ARTICLE IV  CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME.............................34

      4.1   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS OF TARGET...................................34

      4.2   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.............................................34

      4.3   NO CONTROL OF TARGET BUSINESS...................................37

      4.4   NOTICES.........................................................38

ARTICLE V  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS............................................38

      5.1   NO SOLICITATION.................................................38

      5.2   PROXY STATEMENT, REGISTRATION STATEMENT.........................39

      5.3   SHAREHOLDERS MEETING............................................40

      5.4   ACCESS TO INFORMATION...........................................41

      5.5   CONFIDENTIALITY.................................................41

      5.6   PUBLIC DISCLOSURE...............................................41

      5.7   CONSENTS; COOPERATION...........................................42

      5.8   SHAREHOLDER LISTS...............................................43

      5.9   INDEMNIFICATION.................................................43

      5.10  IRREVOCABLE PROXIES, LOCK-UP AGREEMENTS.........................45

      5.11  NOTIFICATION OF CERTAIN MATTERS.................................45

      5.12  STOCK OPTIONS AND STOCK PURCHASE PLAN...........................46

                                      iii

                           (continued)

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

      5.13  LISTING OF ADDITIONAL SHARES....................................47

      5.14  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS...........................................47

      5.15  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS...............................................47

      5.16  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS............................................48

ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER........................................48

      6.1   CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY TO EFFECT THE MERGER....48

      6.2   ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF TARGET..............49

      6.3   ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF ACQUIROR AND
            MERGER SUB......................................................50

ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION, EXPENSES, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER....................52

      7.1   TERMINATION.....................................................52

      7.2   EFFECT OF TERMINATION...........................................54

      7.3   AMENDMENT.......................................................55

      7.4   EXTENSION; WAIVER...............................................55

ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS............................................55

      8.1   EFFECTIVENESS OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS.....55

      8.2   NOTICES.........................................................55

      8.3   INTERPRETATION..................................................56

      8.4   COUNTERPARTS....................................................57

      8.5   ENTIRE AGREEMENT, NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES..................57

      8.6   SEVERABILITY....................................................57

      8.7   REMEDIES CUMULATIVE.............................................57

      8.8   GOVERNING LAW...................................................58

      8.9   ASSIGNMENT......................................................58

                                       iv

                           (continued)

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

      8.10  RULES OF CONSTRUCTION...........................................58

      8.11  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL............................................58

SCHEDULE A  61

DEFINITIONS 61

EXHIBITS
      Exhibit A   Articles of Merger
      Exhibit B   Form of Affiliate Letter
      Exhibit C   Form of Voting Agreement
      Exhibit D   Form of Lock-Up Agreement
      Exhibit E   List of Certain Employees

                                       v

                      AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

     This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION (the "Agreement") is made and
entered on June 23, 2003, by and among Kroll Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Acquiror"), Golden Mountain Acquisition Corporation, a Colorado corporation
("Merger Sub"), and Factual Data Corp., a Colorado corporation ("Target").

                                    RECITALS

      A. The Boards of Directors of Target, Acquiror and Merger Sub believe it
is in the best interests of their respective companies and the shareholders of
their respective companies that Target and Merger Sub combine into a single
company through the statutory merger of Merger Sub with and into Target (the
"Merger") and, in furtherance thereof, have declared the advisability of and
approved the Merger and the Agreement.

      B. Pursuant to the Merger, among other things, each outstanding share of
common stock, no par value, of Target ("Target Common Stock"), shall be
converted into the right to receive the Per Share Consideration (as hereinafter
defined) on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

      C. Target, Acquiror and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations
and warranties and other agreements in connection with the Merger.

      D. Concurrent with the execution of this Agreement and as an inducement to
Acquiror to enter into this Agreement, certain affiliates of Target are entering
into an agreement to vote the shares of Target Common Stock owned by such
affiliates to approve the Merger and against competing proposals in accordance
with the terms thereof.

      E. Certain defined terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings ascribed thereto in Schedule A hereto.

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and representations set
forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree
as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

1.1   THE MERGER

      At the Effective Time and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and the Articles of Merger attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
"Articles of Merger") and the applicable provisions of the Colorado Business
Corporation Act ("Colorado Law"), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into
Target, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease and Target
shall continue as the surviving corporation under the name "Kroll Factual Data,
Inc.". Target as the surviving corporation after the Merger is hereinafter
sometimes referred to as the "Surviving Corporation".

1.2   CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME

      Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated and the transactions
herein contemplated shall have been abandoned pursuant to Section 7.1, the
closing of the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Closing") shall take place
as soon as practicable (but in any event within two Business Days) after the
satisfaction or waiver of each of the conditions set forth in Article VI hereof
or at such other time as the parties hereto agree (the date on which the Closing
shall occur, the "Closing Date"). The Closing shall take place at the offices of
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, 200 Park Avenue, New York, New York, or at such
other location as the parties hereto agree. On the Closing Date, the parties
hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing the Articles of Merger
with the Secretary of State of the State of Colorado, in accordance with the
relevant provisions of Colorado Law (the time and date of such filing, or such
later time or date as is provided in the Articles of Merger, being the
"Effective Time" and the "Effective Date", respectively).

1.3   EFFECT OF THE MERGER

      At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in
this Agreement, the Articles of Merger and the applicable provisions of Colorado
Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at
the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises
of Target and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts,
liabilities and duties of Target and Merger Sub shall become the debts,
liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

1.4   ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION; BYLAWS

      (a) At the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation of Target shall
be amended in their entirety to read as the Articles of Incorporation of Merger
Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, and shall be the
Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended
as provided by Colorado Law, except that as of the Effective Time, Article I of
the Articles of Incorporation shall be amended to read: "The name of the
corporation shall be Kroll Factual Data, Inc." and such Articles of
Incorporation shall contain the indemnification provision set forth in Section
5.9(a).

      (b) The Bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, and which shall contain the indemnification provisions set forth
in Section 5.9(a), shall be the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended as provided by Colorado Law, the Articles of Incorporation of
the Surviving Corporation and such Bylaws.

1.5   DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

      At the Effective Time, the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation,
to hold office until such time as such directors resign, are removed or their
respective successors are duly elected or appointed in accordance with Colorado
Law and the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.
The officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
initial officers of the Surviving Corporation, to hold office until such time as
such officers resign, are removed or their respective successors are duly
elected or appointed in accordance with Colorado Law and the Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.

1.6   EFFECT ON CAPITAL STOCK

      By virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Acquiror,
Merger Sub, Target or the holders of any of Target's securities:

            (a) Cancellation of Target Common Stock Owned by Acquiror or Target.
At the Effective Time, all shares of Target Common Stock that are owned by
Target as treasury stock, and each share of Target Common Stock owned by
Acquiror or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror or of
Target immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of the holder thereof canceled and
extinguished without any conversion thereof or consideration therefor.

            (b) Conversion of Merger Sub Common Stock. At the Effective Time,
each share of common stock, no par value, of Merger Sub will be converted
automatically into one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the
Surviving Corporation.

            (c) Conversion of Target Common Stock. (i) Subject to Sections
1.6(c)(ii)(A) and (B) below and subject to Section 7.1(j) hereof, at the
Effective Time, each share of Target Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares of Target Common
Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 1.6(a) or any shares of Target Common
Stock to which dissenters' rights have been exercised pursuant to Section
1.6(g)) will be converted automatically into the right to receive the Per Share
Consideration (as defined below).

                  (ii) Per Share Consideration. The term "Per Share
Consideration" means for each share of Target Common Stock, the right to receive
(x) $14.00 (the "Cash Consideration Per Share") and (y) the fraction of one
fully-paid and non-assessable share of common stock, $.01 par value, of Acquiror
(the "Acquiror Common Stock") equal to a fraction (rounded to four decimal
places, with the number five and below being rounded down), the numerator of
which is $3.50 and the denominator of which is the Average Stock Price (subject
to Sections 1.6(c)(ii)(A) and (B) and 7.1(j), such fraction being the "Exchange
Ratio"); provided, however,

                        (A) if the Average Stock Price is equal to or less
than $23.85 the Exchange Ratio shall, for the purposes of this Agreement be
deemed to equal 0.1467, except as may be otherwise provided in Section 7.1(j);
and
                        (B) if the Average Stock Price is equal to or
greater than $29.15, the Exchange Ratio shall, for the purposes of this
Agreement, be deemed to equal 0.1201.

            (d) Target Stock Option Plans. At the Effective Time, Target's 1997
Stock Incentive Plan, 1999 Employee Formula Award Stock Option Plan, and the
Stock Option Agreements dated May 4, 2001 (collectively, the "Target Stock
Option Plans") and all options to purchase Target Common Stock then outstanding
under the Target Stock Option Plans shall be automatically assumed by Acquiror
in accordance with, and subject to the terms and conditions of, Section 5.12.

            (e) Adjustments to Exchange Ratios. The Exchange Ratio shall be
adjusted to reflect fully the effect of any stock split, reverse split, stock
dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into
Acquiror Common Stock or Target Common Stock), reorganization, recapitalization
or other like change with respect to Acquiror Common Stock or Target Common
Stock having a record date after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time.

             (f) Fractional Shares. No fraction of a share of Acquiror Common
Stock will be issued, but in lieu thereof each holder of shares of Target Common
Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Acquiror
Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Acquiror Common Stock
to be received by such holder) shall receive from Acquiror an amount of cash
(rounded down to the nearest whole cent, without interest) equal to the product
of (x) such fraction, multiplied by (y) the Average Stock Price (subject to
Sections 1.6(c)(ii)(A) and (B) and 7.1(j)).

             (g) Dissenters' Rights. Notwithstanding any provisions of this
Agreement to the contrary, any Target Common Stock outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time held by a holder who has demanded and perfected the right,
if any, to receive fair value for such Target Common Stock ("Dissenting Shares")
in accordance with the provisions of Article 7-113-101 et. seq. of Colorado Law
and as of the Effective Time has not withdrawn or lost such dissenter's rights
shall not be converted into or represent a right to receive the consideration
pursuant to Section 1.7(a) (the "Merger Consideration"), but the shareholder
shall only be entitled to such rights as are granted by Colorado Law. If a
holder of Target Common Stock who asserts dissenter's rights under Colorado Law
withdraws or loses such rights (through failure to perfect or otherwise), then,
as of the Effective Time or the occurrence of such event, whichever last occurs,
those shares (the "Unperfected Shares") shall be converted into and represent
only the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in Section
1.7(a), without interest, upon the surrender of the certificate or certificates
formerly representing those Unperfected Shares. Target shall give Acquiror (i)
prompt notice of any written notice of intent to demand fair value for any
Unperfected Shares, attempted withdrawals of such demands, the deposit of any
shares for which payment is demanded, and any other instruments served pursuant
to Colorado Law received by the Target relating to dissenters' rights and (ii)
the opportunity to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to the
assertion of dissenters' rights under Colorado Law. Target shall not, except
with the prior written consent of Acquiror, given in its sole discretion,
voluntarily make any payment with respect to any such demands for payment of
fair value, offer to settle or settle any such demands or approve any withdrawal
of any such demands.

1.7   SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES

            (a) Exchange Agent; Acquiror to Provide Common Stock and Cash.
Promptly after the date hereof, Acquiror shall appoint a commercial bank or
trust company, or a subsidiary thereof, as an exchange agent (the "Exchange
Agent") for the benefit of holders of Target Common Stock. At or immediately
prior to the Effective Time, Acquiror shall make available to or for such bank
or trust company as shall be designated by Acquiror and reasonably acceptable to
Target for exchange in accordance with this Article I, through such reasonable
procedures as Acquiror may adopt, the shares of Acquiror Common Stock issuable
pursuant to Section 1.6(c) in exchange for shares of Target Common Stock
outstanding immediately

prior to the Effective Time, plus cash in an amount sufficient to permit payment
of the Per Share Cash Consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares
pursuant to Section 1.6(f) (such cash amount and certificates being hereinafter
referred to as the "Exchange Fund"). The Exchange Agent shall, pursuant to
irrevocable instructions in accordance with this Article I, deliver the Acquiror
Common Stock and cash contemplated to be issued and paid pursuant to this
Article I out of the Exchange Fund.

             (b) Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the Effective Time, but no
later than five Business Days after the Effective Date, Acquiror shall cause to
be mailed to each holder of record of a certificate or certificates (the
"Certificates") that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented
outstanding shares of Target Common Stock, whose shares were converted into the
right to receive the Per Share Consideration pursuant to Section 1.7, (i) a
letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and
risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon receipt of the
Certificates by the Exchange Agent, and shall be in such form and have such
other provisions as Acquiror may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for
use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for cash and
certificates representing shares of Acquiror Common Stock. Upon surrender of a
Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with such letter of
transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the
instructions thereto and such other customary documents as may be required
pursuant to such instructions, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled
to receive in exchange therefor, and Acquiror shall cause the Exchange Agent to
promptly send to the holder, one or more certificates as requested by the holder
(properly issued, executed and countersigned, as appropriate) representing the
number of whole shares of Acquiror Common Stock and payment of cash that such
holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 1.6 and any dividends or
other distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(c),
and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of
a transfer of ownership of shares of Target Common Stock which is not registered
in the transfer records of Target as of the Effective Time, shares of Acquiror
Common Stock, dividends, distributions and cash may be issued and paid in
accordance with this Article I to a transferee if the Certificate evidencing
such shares of Target Common Stock is presented to the Exchange Agent,
accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer
pursuant to Section 1.7(d) and by evidence that any applicable stock transfer
taxes have been paid. Until so surrendered, each outstanding Certificate that,
prior to the Effective Time, represented shares of Target Common Stock will be
deemed from and after the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes, to
evidence only the right to receive shares of Acquiror Common Stock into which
such shares of Target Common Stock shall have been so converted and an amount in
cash in accordance with Section 1.6.

            (c) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends
or other distributions with respect to Acquiror Common Stock with a record date
after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered
Certificate with respect to the shares of Acquiror Common Stock represented
thereby until the holder of record of such Certificate surrenders such
Certificate. Subject to applicable law, following surrender of any such
Certificate, there shall be paid to the record holder of such Certificate one or
more certificates representing whole shares of Acquiror Common Stock issued in
exchange therefor, plus payments of cash in accordance with Section 1.6, plus
the amount of any such dividends or other distributions with a record date after
the Effective Time that would have been previously payable (but for the
provisions of this Section 1.7(c)) with respect to such shares of Acquiror
Common Stock. No interest shall be paid

in connection with the issuance of Acquiror Common Stock and payments of cash
contemplated by the preceding sentence.

            (d) Transfers of Ownership. If any certificate for shares of
Acquiror Common Stock is to be issued in a name or cash is to be payable to a
person other than that in which the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor
or is registered, it shall be a condition of the issuance and payment thereof
that the Certificate so surrendered is properly endorsed and otherwise in proper
form for transfer and that the person requesting such exchange will have paid to
Acquiror or any agent designated by it any transfer or other taxes required by
reason of the issuance of a certificate for shares of Acquiror Common Stock in
any name and payment of the cash consideration to any person other than that of
the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered, or established to the
satisfaction of Acquiror or the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is
not payable.

            (e) No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 1.7, none of the Exchange Agent, the Surviving Corporation or any party
hereto shall be liable to any person or entity for any amount properly paid to a
public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar law.

            (f) Withholding Rights. Acquiror or the Exchange Agent shall be
entitled to deduct and withhold from the Merger Consideration and any dividends
or other distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section
1.7(c) otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of Target
Common Stock such amounts as Acquiror or the Exchange Agent is required to
deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Code,
or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law. To the extent that amounts
are so withheld by Acquiror or the Exchange Agent, such withheld amounts shall
be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder
of the shares of Target Common Stock in respect of which such deduction and
withholding was made by Acquiror or the Exchange Agent.

1.8   NO FURTHER OWNERSHIP RIGHTS IN TARGET COMMON STOCK

      The cash and shares of Acquiror Common Stock issued upon the surrender for
exchange of shares of Target Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof
shall be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights
pertaining to such shares of Target Common Stock, and there shall be no further
registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares
of Target Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving
Corporation for any reason, they shall be promptly canceled and exchanged as
provided in this Article I.

      In the event any Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificates, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder
thereof, such shares of Acquiror Common Stock and cash as may be required
pursuant to Section 1.6; provided, however, that Acquiror may, in its discretion
and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such
lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may
reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against
Acquiror, the Surviving Corporation or

the Exchange Agent with respect to the Certificates alleged to have been lost,
stolen or destroyed.

1.9   RETURN OF EXCHANGE FUND

      Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by shareholders of
Target for six months after the Effective Time shall be returned to Acquiror,
upon demand, and any holder of Target Common Stock as of the Effective Time who
has not theretofore complied with Section 1.7 shall thereafter look only to
Acquiror for issuance of the number of shares of Acquiror Common Stock and cash
to which such holder has become entitled, subject to the terms of this
Agreement.

1.10  TAKING OF NECESSARY ACTION; FURTHER ACTION

      If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary
or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the
Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession to all assets,
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Target and Merger Sub,
the officers and directors of Target and Merger Sub immediately prior to the
Effective Time are fully authorized in the name of their respective corporations
or otherwise to take, and shall take, all such lawful and necessary action, so
long as such action is not inconsistent with this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE II

                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET

      Target represents and warrants to Acquiror and Merger Sub that the
statements contained in this Article II are true and correct, except as set
forth in the disclosure letter delivered by Target to Acquiror on the date of
the execution and delivery of this Agreement (the "Target Disclosure Letter").
The Target Disclosure Letter shall be arranged in paragraphs corresponding to
the numbered and lettered paragraphs contained in this Agreement, and the
disclosure in any paragraph shall qualify only the corresponding paragraph in
this Agreement unless a cross-reference is made to another paragraph that such
disclosure also qualifies. Any reference in this Article II to an agreement
being "enforceable" shall be deemed to be qualified to the extent such
enforceability is subject to (a) laws of general application relating to
bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and the relief of debtors, and (b) the
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief and other equitable
remedies.

2.1   ORGANIZATION, STANDING AND POWER

      Each of Target and its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
organization. Target and its subsidiaries have the corporate power to own their
respective properties and to carry on their respective businesses as now being
conducted and are duly qualified to do business and are in good standing in each
jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified and in good standing would
have a Material Adverse Effect on Target. Target has made available to Acquiror
a true and correct copy of the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other
charter documents, as applicable, of Target and each of its subsidiaries, each
as amended to date. Neither Target nor any of its subsidiaries are in

violation of any of the provisions of its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or
equivalent organizational documents.

2.2   CAPITAL STRUCTURE

            (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.2(a) of the Target Disclosure
Letter, Target is the record and beneficial owner of all outstanding shares of
capital stock of each of its subsidiaries and all such shares are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except as set forth in
Section 2.2(a) of the Target Disclosure Letter, all of the outstanding shares of
capital stock of each such subsidiary are owned by Target free and clear of any
Liens. There are, and as of the Effective Time will be, no outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, puts, calls, rights, exchangeable or
convertible securities or other commitments or agreements of any character
relating to the issued or unissued capital stock or other securities of any such
subsidiary, or otherwise obligating Target, any such subsidiary or any other
person or entity to issue, transfer, sell, purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
any such securities. Target does not directly or indirectly own any equity or
similar interest in, or any interest convertible or exchangeable or exercisable
for, any equity or similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint
venture or other business association or entity other than the subsidiaries set
forth in Section 2.2(a) of the Target Disclosure Letter.

            (b) The authorized capital stock of Target consists of 50,000,000
shares of Target Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, no par
value, of which there were issued and outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement 6,207,019 shares of Common Stock and no shares of Preferred Stock.
There are no other outstanding shares of capital stock or voting securities and
no outstanding commitments to issue any shares of capital stock or voting
securities after the date of this Agreement, other than pursuant to the exercise
of (i) options outstanding as of the date of this Agreement under the Target
Stock Option Plans or (ii) subscription rights outstanding as of the date of
this Agreement under the Target 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("Target
ESPP"). All outstanding shares of Target Common Stock are duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and are free of any Liens other
than any Liens created by or imposed upon the holders thereof, and are not
subject to preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, rights of first offer or
similar rights created by statute, the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of
Target or any agreement to which Target is a party or by which it is bound
except as described in Section 2.2(b) of the Target Disclosure Letter. As of the
date of this Agreement, Target has reserved (i) 1,250,500 shares of Target
Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Target Stock Option Plans, of which
28,078 shares have been issued pursuant to option exercises or direct stock
purchases, and 628,410 shares are subject to outstanding, unexercised options
and (ii) 75,000 shares of Target Common Stock for issuance to employees pursuant
to the Target ESPP, 19,991 of which have been issued and approximately 1,460
shares are anticipated to be issued based on withholdings through June 30, 2003.
Except for (i) the rights created pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) Target's
right to repurchase any unvested shares under the Target Stock Option Plans,
(iii) acceleration of vesting of stock options outstanding as of the date of
this Agreement pursuant to the Target Stock Option Plans or agreements or grants
entered into thereunder or relating thereto, including without limitation,
employment agreements, change of control agreements, employment letters and
similar agreements or commitments (all of which agreements, grants, letters and
commitments are set forth in Section 2.2(b) of the Target Disclosure Letter), or
(iv) additional subscription rights accruing under the Target ESPP due to

additional payroll withholdings after the date of this Agreement through June
30, 2003, there are no other subscriptions, options, warrants, puts, calls,
rights, exchangeable or convertible securities or other commitments or
agreements of any character to which Target or any of its subsidiaries is a
party or by which any such entity is bound obligating Target or any of its
subsidiaries to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem, or cause to be
issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed, any shares of Target capital
stock (including Target Common Stock) or other securities or obligating Target
to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the price of, or otherwise
amend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment or
agreement. There are no contracts, commitments or agreements relating to the
voting, purchase or sale of Target Common Stock (i) between or among Target and
any of its shareholders and (ii) to Target's knowledge, among any of Target's
shareholders or between any of Target's shareholders and any third party, except
for the Voting Agreements and the CIVC Agreements. The Target Stock Option Plans
(i) do not prohibit the assumption of such Target Stock Option Plans (and the
options granted thereunder) by Acquiror and the substitution of Acquiror Common
Stock as provided in Section 5.12 of this Agreement and do not require the
consent or approval of the holders of the outstanding options under the Target
Stock Option Plans, the Target shareholders, or otherwise in order to effect
such assumption and substitution and (ii) (other than the May 2001 options)
require the acceleration of the exercise schedule or vesting provisions in
effect for such options. The current "Offering Period" (as defined in the Target
ESPP) commenced under the Target ESPP on April 1, 2003, and such Offering Period
will end at the ESPP Termination Date, and except for the purchase rights
granted on such commencement dates to participants in the current Offering
Period, there are no other purchase rights or options outstanding under the
Target ESPP. True and complete copies of all agreements and instruments (or
representative forms thereof) relating to or issued under the Target Stock
Option Plans and Target ESPP have been made available to Acquiror, and such
agreements and instruments have not been amended, modified or supplemented, and
there are no agreements to amend, modify or supplement such agreements or
instruments from the forms made available to Acquiror. All outstanding shares of
Target Common Stock and all options granted pursuant to the Target Stock Option
Plans were issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities
laws.
            (c) On or prior to the date hereof (i) Target (and Target's Board of
Directors or appropriate committees thereof) have taken the action contemplated
by the last sentence of Section 5.12(c) hereof and (ii) Target (and Target's
Board of Directors or appropriate committees thereof) have taken all necessary
action to give effect to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 5.12(a)
hereof. True and complete copies of all such actions have heretofore been
delivered to Acquiror.

            (d) Except as set forth in Section 2.2(d) of the Target Disclosure
Letter, (i) the outstanding shares of Target Common Stock are listed and traded
on The Nasdaq National Market and Target is in full compliance with all
applicable listing and maintenance requirements of The Nasdaq National Market;
(ii) Target has never received any notification of de-listing or other
proceedings or investigations by Nasdaq and there exists no reasonable basis for
any such proceeding or investigation; and (iii) Target has made available to
Acquiror true, correct and complete copies of all correspondence between Target
and Nasdaq since January 1, 1999.

2.3   AUTHORITY

            (a) Target has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of Target, subject only to the approval and
adoption of the Merger and this Agreement by Target's shareholders as
contemplated by Section 6.1(a). This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Target and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of Target,
enforceable against Target in accordance with its terms.

            (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.3(b) of the Target Disclosure
Letter, neither the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
Target, nor the consummation by Target of the transactions contemplated hereby,
will (i) conflict with, or result in a breach or violation of, any provision of
the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of
Target or any of its subsidiaries; (ii) conflict with, result in a breach or
violation of, give rise to a default or loss of status or benefits, or result in
the acceleration of performance, or permit the acceleration of performance,
under (whether or not after the giving of notice or lapse of time or both) any
note, bond, indenture, guaranty, lease, license, franchise, permit, agreement,
instrument, writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree to which Target or any
of its subsidiaries is a party or any of their respective properties or assets
is subject; (iii) give rise to a declaration or imposition of any Lien upon any
of the properties or assets of Target or any of its subsidiaries; or (iv)
adversely affect any Target Governmental License necessary to enable Target and
its subsidiaries to carry on their businesses as presently conducted, except, in
the case of clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv), for any conflict, breach, violation,
default, acceleration, declaration, imposition, impairment or effect that could
not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on Target or impair Target's ability to consummate the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

            (c) No approval, authorization, consent, license, clearance or order
of, declaration or notification to, or filing or registration with, any
Governmental Entity or other regulatory authority is required in order to (i)
permit Target to consummate the Merger or perform its obligations under this
Agreement or (ii) prevent the termination or modification of any governmental
right, privilege, authority, franchise, license, permit or certificate of Target
or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, "Target Governmental Licenses") to
enable Target and its subsidiaries to own, operate and lease their respective
properties and assets as and where such properties and assets are owned, leased
or operated and to provide service and carry on their respective businesses as
presently provided and conducted, or (iii) prevent any material loss or
disadvantage to the business of Target and its subsidiaries, by reason of the
Merger, except for (the following in clauses (A), (B) and (E), collectively, the
"Target Governmental Approvals") (A) the filing of the Articles of Merger, as
provided in Section 1.2; (B) the filing of the Proxy Statement with the SEC in
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"), and clearance thereof by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
"SEC"); (C) any other filings or notices required pursuant to the Exchange Act
and the rules promulgated thereunder, including under Regulation M-A; (D) the
filing of a report on Form 8-K in accordance with the Exchange Act disclosing
the existence and terms of this Agreement; (E) such filings as may be required
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended
("HSR") (and the expiration of the waiting period thereunder) and such filings,

consents and approvals as are required under applicable foreign law (including
antitrust or competition law); or (F) such other consents, authorizations,
filings, approvals and registrations of or with any Governmental Entity that, if
not obtained or made, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Target, would
not prevent or materially alter or delay the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or would not prevent the Surviving Corporation from owning or
operating any material portion of Target's or any of its subsidiaries'
businesses.

2.4   SEC DOCUMENTS; TARGET FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

            (a) Target has made available to Acquiror a true and complete copy
of each statement, report, registration statement (with the prospectus in the
form filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "Securities Act")), definitive proxy statement, and other filings filed
with the SEC by Target since January 1, 1998, and, prior to the Effective Time,
Target will have promptly made available to Acquiror true and complete copies of
any additional documents filed with the SEC by Target prior to the Effective
Time (collectively, the "Target SEC Documents"). In addition, Target has made
available to Acquiror all current exhibits to the Target SEC Documents filed
prior to the date hereof, and will promptly make available to Acquiror all
exhibits to any additional Target SEC Documents filed prior to the Effective
Time. All documents required to be filed as exhibits to the Target SEC Documents
have been so filed (and such exhibits are true, correct and complete copies of
such documents), and all contracts so filed as exhibits are in full force and
effect, except those that have expired in accordance with their terms or those
that have been terminated without default by any party thereto, and neither
Target nor any of its subsidiaries, nor any other party, is in material default
thereunder. As of their respective filing dates, (i) the Target SEC Documents
complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the
Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as applicable, and (ii) none of the Target
SEC Documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made,
not misleading, except to the extent corrected by a subsequently filed Target
SEC Document. None of Target's subsidiaries is required to file any forms,
reports or other documents with the SEC.

            (b) Target has delivered to Acquiror complete and correct copies of
the following consolidated financial statements (the "Target Financial
Statements"), all of which have been prepared from the books and records of
Target in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP") consistently applied and maintained throughout the periods indicated
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) and fairly present in all
material respects the consolidated financial condition of Target and its
subsidiaries as at their respective dates and the consolidated results of their
operations and cash flows for the periods covered thereby: (i) audited
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2002 (the "Target Balance Sheet"),
2001 and 2000 and audited consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and
shareholders' equity of Target and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years then
ended, audited by BDO Seidman, LLP (for the fiscal years 2002 and 2001) and
Ehrhard Keefe Steiner & Hottman, P.C. (for the fiscal year 2000); and (ii) an
unaudited consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2003 and unaudited
consolidated statements of income, cash flows and shareholders' equity for the
three months then ended.

            (c) The statements of operations or income contained in the Target
Financial Statements do not contain any items of special or nonrecurring revenue
or income or any revenue or income not earned in the ordinary course of
business, except as expressly specified therein.

            (d) The carrying value of the Target's assets and properties is not
impaired based on Target's use of such assets and properties.

2.5   ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES

      Except as set forth in Section 2.5 of the Target Disclosure Letter, since
December 31, 2002 (the "Target Balance Sheet Date"), Target and each of its
subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice and there has not occurred:

            (a) any change, event or condition (whether or not covered by
insurance) that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a
Material Adverse Effect on Target;

            (b) any acquisition, sale or transfer of any material asset of
Target and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;

            (c) any acquisition, directly or indirectly, by merging,
consolidating with, or purchasing a substantial portion of the assets or capital
stock of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership,
association or other business organization or division thereof, or otherwise
acquire any assets that are material, individually or in the aggregate, to its
and its affiliates business, taken as a whole (an "Acquisition");

            (d) any change in accounting methods or practices (including any
change in depreciation or amortization policies or rates) by Target or any of
its subsidiaries, except as required by GAAP, or any revaluation by Target or
any of its subsidiaries of any of their assets;

            (e) any declaration, setting aside, or payment of a dividend or
other distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of Target or any
of its subsidiaries (except to Target or to other parent entities wholly owned
by Target), or any direct or indirect redemption, purchase or other acquisition
by Target or any of its subsidiaries of any of their shares of capital stock;

            (f) any material contract entered into by Target or any of its
subsidiaries, other than as made available to Acquiror (without limiting
Sections 4.1 and 4.2(A) hereof, promptly as and when entered into), or any
material amendment or termination of, or default under, any material contract to
which Target or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them are
bound;

            (g) any amendment or change to the Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of Target or any of its
subsidiaries;

            (h) any increase in or modification of the compensation or benefits
payable or to become payable by Target or any of its subsidiaries to any of
their respective directors, officers, employees or consultants (other than
amendments that may be required to maintain the present tax treatment of such
benefits or otherwise to comply with applicable law), other than

with respect to non-officer employees and consultants only, any increases in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

            (i) any incurrence of indebtedness or Liens (excluding Permitted
Liens) on any of Target's or any of its subsidiary's assets, or issuance of any
debt securities or options, warrants, calls, convertible securities or other
rights to acquire any debt securities of Target or any of its subsidiaries;

            (j) any commencement of any lawsuit or arbitration proceeding by or
against Target or any of its subsidiaries, other than for the routine collection
of bills and other litigation not material to the business of Target and its
subsidiaries taken as whole, or any settlement or compromise of any claim by or
against or obligation of Target or any of its subsidiaries of a material nature;
or

            (k) any negotiation or agreement (binding or otherwise) by Target or
any of its subsidiaries to do any of the things described in the preceding
clauses (a) through (i) (other than negotiations with Acquiror and its
representatives regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement).

2.6   ABSENCE OF UNDISCLOSED LIABILITIES; ACQUISITION-RELATED LIABILITIES AND
      OBLIGATIONS

            (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.6(a) of the Target Disclosure
Letter, Target and its subsidiaries have no material obligations or liabilities
of any nature (matured or unmatured, fixed or contingent) other than (a) those
set forth or adequately provided for in the Target Balance Sheet (including the
notes thereto), (b) those obligations or liabilities (including contractual
obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business since the Target
Balance Sheet Date in amounts consistent with prior periods, which obligations
or liabilities have not had and could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect on Target, (c) those incurred in connection with the
execution of this Agreement, and (d) those disclosed in the Target SEC
Documents.

      (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.6(b) of the Target Disclosure Letter,
Target and its subsidiaries have no material obligations or liabilities of any
nature (matured or unmatured, fixed or contingent, known or unknown) relating to
or arising out of any Acquisitions, including without limitation liabilities or
obligations with respect to purchase price adjustments, contingent purchase
price payments, earn-out payments, unpaid installment purchase price payments,
indemnity or make whole covenants, or relating to integration, consolidation or
restructuring of acquired operations, including without limitation for severance
of employees, closing of facilities, termination or subleasing of leases for
physical property or real property, unpaid taxes, failure to obtain or transfer
of material permits, registrations or authorization, failure to obtain consent
to assignment or change of control for any material Contract, and any other
obligations or liabilities for payment or assumption of liabilities. The parties
agree that for all purposes within this Agreement, Acquisitions shall not be
considered to be in the ordinary course of business of the Target, regardless of
the quantitative or qualitative number, frequency, planning and budgeting of
such Acquisitions.

2.7   CONTRACTS

            (a) Set forth in Section 2.7(a) of the Target Disclosure Letter is a
complete and correct list of each of the following agreements, leases and other
instruments, both oral and written, to which Target or any of its subsidiaries
is a party or by which Target or any of its subsidiaries or their respective
properties or assets are bound:

                  (i) each material license or other agreement under which any
Target Intellectual Property is licensed by or to Target or any of its
subsidiaries;

                  (ii) each agreement that restricts the operation of the
business of Target or any of its subsidiaries or the ability of Target or any of
its subsidiaries to solicit customers or employees;

                  (iii) each operating lease (as lessor, lessee, sublessor or
sublessee) relating to any real or tangible personal property or assets that are
material to Target and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

                  (iv) each agreement (including capital leases) under which any
money has been or may be borrowed or loaned or any note, bond, indenture, or
other evidence of indebtedness has been issued or assumed (other than those
under which there remain no ongoing obligations of Target or any of its
subsidiaries), and each guaranty of any evidence of indebtedness or other
obligation, or of the net worth, of any person or entity (other than
endorsements for the purpose of collection in the ordinary course of business),
and each agreement granting or creating a Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on
any of Target's assets or any of its subsidiary's assets;

                  (v) each agreement providing for accelerated or special
payments as a result of the Merger, including any severance or "golden
parachute" agreement or any shareholder rights plan or other instrument referred
to as a "poison pill";

                  (vi) each written (and a description of any oral) employment
agreement, consulting agreement, non-compete agreement, confidentiality
agreement or termination or severance agreement;

                  (vii) each franchise or license arrangement, contract or
agreement;

                  (viii) each contract for the supply of information or data to
Target;

                  (ix) each contract, arrangement or agreement with Fannie Mae
or Freddie Mac;

                  (x) each contract, arrangement or agreement related to an
Acquisition; and

                  (xi) each agreement with any Governmental Entity or otherwise
which requires Target, any of its subsidiaries and/or any of their respective
employees to have been granted security or similar clearances.

      A complete and correct copy of each written agreement, lease or other type
of document (or representative forms thereof), and a true, complete and correct
summary of each oral agreement, lease or other type of document, required to be
disclosed pursuant to this Section 2.7 has been made available to Acquiror.

            (b) Each agreement, lease or other type of document required to be
disclosed pursuant to this Section 2.7, each agreement or other type of document
required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K under
the Securities Act, and each agreement or other type of document which is
material to the Target and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (collectively, the
"Target Contracts") is valid, binding and in full force and effect and is
enforceable by Target or its applicable subsidiary in accordance with its terms.
Neither Target nor any of its subsidiaries that is a party to such Target
Contract is (with or without the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both)
in breach of or in default under any of the Target Contracts, and, no other
party to any of the Target Contracts is (with or without the lapse of time or
the giving of notice, or both) in material breach of or in default under any of
the Target Contracts. No existing or completed agreement to which Target or any
of its subsidiaries is a party, is subject to renegotiation with any
Governmental Entity.

2.8   LITIGATION

      All litigation to which Target or any of its subsidiaries is a party (or,
to the knowledge of Target, threatened to become a party) is disclosed in
Section 2.8 of the Target Disclosure Letter. Except as set forth in Section 2.8
of the Target Disclosure Letter, there is no private or governmental action,
suit, proceeding, claim, arbitration or investigation pending before any agency,
court or tribunal, foreign or domestic, or, to the knowledge of Target,
threatened (including allegations that could form the basis for future action)
against Target or any of its subsidiaries or their properties or officers or
directors (in their capacities as such), which, if adversely determined could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target. There is no
judgment, decree or order against Target or its subsidiaries, or, to the
knowledge of Target, any of their directors or officers (in their capacities as
such), that could prevent, enjoin, or materially alter or delay any of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or that could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target. Neither Target nor any of
its subsidiaries has any plans to initiate any litigation, arbitration or other
proceeding against any third party, other than litigation related to the routine
collection of past due receivables and other litigation not material to the
business of Target or any of its subsidiaries.

2.9   RESTRICTIONS ON BUSINESS ACTIVITIES

      Except as set forth in Section 2.9 of the Target Disclosure Letter, there
is no agreement, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon Target that
has or could reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or
impairing in any material respect any current business practice of Target or its
subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by Target or its subsidiaries or the
conduct of business by Target and its subsidiaries as currently conducted.

2.10  GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION

      Target and each of its subsidiaries have obtained each federal, state,
county, local or foreign governmental consent, license, permit, grant, or other
authorization of a Governmental

Entity (a) pursuant to which Target or any of its subsidiaries currently operate
or hold any interest in any of their properties or (b) that is required for the
operation of the business of Target or any of its subsidiaries or the holding of
any such interest ((a) and (b) herein collectively called "Target
Authorizations"), and all of such Target Authorizations are in full force and
effect, except where the failure to obtain or have any such Target
Authorizations could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Target.

2.11  TITLE TO PROPERTY

      Except as set forth in Section 2.11 of the Target Disclosure Letter,
Target and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all of their
properties, interests in properties and assets, real and personal, necessary for
the conduct of their businesses as presently conducted or which are reflected in
the Target Balance Sheet or acquired after the Target Balance Sheet Date (except
properties, interests in properties and assets sold or otherwise disposed of in
the ordinary course of business since the Target Balance Sheet Date), or, with
respect to leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests therein, in
each case free and clear of all Liens of any kind or character, except (a) Liens
for current taxes not yet due and payable, (b) such imperfections of title,
Liens and easements as do not and will not materially detract from or interfere
with the use or value of the properties subject thereto or affected thereby, or
otherwise materially impair business operations of Target and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole and as currently conducted, involving such properties, and (c)
Liens securing debts that are reflected on the Target Balance Sheet. The plants,
property and equipment of Target and each of its subsidiaries that are used in
the operations of their respective businesses are in good operating condition
and repair (normal wear and tear excepted). All properties used in the
operations of Target or any of its subsidiaries are reflected in the Target
Balance Sheet to the extent GAAP requires the same to be reflected. Except as
set forth in Section 2.11 of the Target Disclosure Letter, Target and its
subsidiaries do not own or lease any real property. For purposes of this Section
2.11, the term "property" or "properties" does not include intellectual
property.

2.12  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

      Except as set forth in Section 2.12 of the Target Disclosure Letter:

            (a)   All trademark registrations and applications for
registrations, patents and applications for patents, and any copyrights and
applications for copyrights or other forms of Intellectual property controlled
by Target ("Target Intellectual Property") are completely and correctly listed
in Section 2.12(a) of the Target Disclosure Letter.

            (b) All programs for Developed Software are completely and correctly
described in Section 2.12(b) of the Target Disclosure Letter (wherein only the
core programs need be identified without identifying the modification or updates
thereto).

            (c) Except as set forth in Section 2.12(c) of the Target Disclosure
Letter, Target and its subsidiaries have not conveyed, assigned or encumbered
any of their rights to the Target Intellectual Property.

            (d) Target or its subsidiaries are the sole and exclusive owners of,
all right, title and interest in and to the Target Intellectual Property (with
no breaks in the chain of the title

thereof) and otherwise have the unrestricted and perpetual right to use any
third party Intellectual Property required for the carrying on of the business
of Target and its subsidiaries in the manner currently conducted (which,
collectively with Target Intellectual Property, shall be referred to as
"Required Intellectual Property") except where such failure to have such right
would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Target.

            (e) The Target Intellectual Property is in full force and effect and
has not been used or enforced or failed to be used or enforced in a manner that
would result in the abandonment, cancellation or unenforceability of such Target
Intellectual Property.

            (f) Neither Target nor any of its subsidiaries has knowledge of nor
has received any notice of any claim of adverse ownership, invalidity or other
opposition to or conflict with any Target Intellectual Property nor is there any
pending or, to the knowledge of Target, threatened suit, proceeding, claim,
demand, action or investigation of any nature or kind against Target or any of
its subsidiaries relating to the Target Intellectual Property that, if
determined adversely, could be reasonably expected to challenge the ownership,
legality, enforceability, validity or otherwise prevent use, exploitation,
modification or license of such Target Intellectual Property.

            (g) Other than for Target Contracts, neither Target nor its
subsidiaries are required to pay any royalty, fee or other payment to any third
party in connection with their use of the Required Intellectual Property except
where the failure to pay such royalty, fee or other payment and the resulting
inability to use such Required Intellectual Property could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Target.

            (h) No activity in which Target or its subsidiaries are engaged nor
any product that Target or its subsidiaries manufacture, use, sell, license or
offer, nor any process, method, packaging, advertising, or any material that
Target or its subsidiaries employ in the manufacture, marketing, sale, licensing
or offering of any such product or service, nor the use of any of the Required
Intellectual Property by Target or its subsidiaries breaches, violates,
infringes or interferes with any rights of any third party.

            (i) Target and its subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable
steps (including measures to protect secrecy and confidentiali