The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
Background of the Merger

   The terms and conditions of the merger agreement and merger are the result
of arm's length negotiations between representatives of Chordiant and
representatives of Prime Response. Set forth below is a summary of the
background of these negotiations.

    Chordiant and Prime Response have been familiar with each other's businesses
for a number of years. Senior executives of the two companies have previously
encountered one another in a variety of business and industry settings.

    Throughout the summer and early fall of 2000, Prime Response engaged in
discussions with a number of companies concerning potential business
combinations or other partnering transactions.

    On May 23, 2000, Peter Boni, Prime Response's President and Chief Executive
Officer, met with a representative of Thomas Weisel Partners, to explore
strategic partnership options, including a possible marketing partnership with
some of Thomas Weisel Partners' clients.

    On June 21, 2000, Samuel Spadafora, Chordiant's Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Chordiant board of directors called Mr. Boni to explore
strategic partnership options, including a possible marketing partnership.

    During July 2000, Thomas Weisel Partners discussed with Chordiant various
topics related to a possible transaction with Prime Response. The engagement of
Thomas Weisel Partners was confirmed in writing by an engagement letter dated
October 24, 2000. On July 12, 2000, Thomas Weisel Partners gave Mr. Spadafora,
Steven Springsteel, Chordiant's then current Chief Financial Officer, Don
Morrison, Executive Vice President, Business Development and Marketing, David
Bernstein, Vice President of Strategic Business Development and

Joseph Tumminaro, Chief Technology Officer of Chordiant, a briefing on Prime
Response's financial and product background.

   On July 13, 2000, Mr. Boni and James Carling, Chief Technology Officer of
Prime Response, and Frederick Phillips, Chief Financial Officer of Prime
Response, met with Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Springsteel, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Bernstein
and Mr. Tumminaro at Chordiant's offices to exchange information about their
respective companies. Prior to this meeting and on the same day, Chordiant and
Prime Response executed a mutual confidentiality agreement containing customary
terms and conditions regarding the confidential treatment of information
furnished by either party. During this meeting, both parties agreed to begin a
marketing and co-selling strategic partnership, and both parties expressed an
interest in exploring the possibility of a merger transaction involving
Chordiant and Prime Response.

   On July 21, 2000, senior management of Chordiant met with the board of
directors of Chordiant to, among other things, outline Chordiant's merger and
acquisition strategy and strategic partnering strategy. The board of directors
of Chordiant authorized senior management of Chordiant to continue to
investigate potential strategic partners and acquisition candidates.

   On July 24, 2000, Mr. Boni and Mr. Phillips met with the board of directors
of Prime Response, to, among other things, outline different acquisitions
proposals which had been presented to Prime Response and to analyze the
strengths and weaknesses of each proposal.

   On August 10, 2000, Mr. Bernstein and representatives of Thomas Weisel
Partners met with Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips and representatives of Robertson
Stephens, the exclusive financial advisor to Prime Response engaged by Prime
Response pursuant to an engagement letter between Prime Response and Robertson
Stephens dated October 4, 1999. During this meeting, Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips and
representatives of Robertson Stephens gave Mr. Bernstein and representatives of
Thomas Weisel Partners a due diligence overview of Prime Response's business in
connection with investigating the possibility of a merger transaction between
Chordiant and Prime Response. At various times during the meeting, Gary
Daniels, Vice President of Product Development for Prime Response, and Allen
Swann, President, International for Prime Response, were teleconferenced in
from their United Kingdom offices to answer certain questions.

   On August 15, 2000, Mr. Bernstein met with Ian Bowles, Senior Vice
President, International, Andrew Cutler, Vice President of Application
Consulting and Product Marketing and Tony O'Donnell, Vice President of
Alliances, International of Prime Response, in the United Kingdom to review the
possibility of integrating Prime Response's product line with Chordiant's
current products and the possible business synergies between the two companies.
On September 18, 2000, Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Springsteel, Mr. Morrison and Mr.
Bernstein met with Marc McMorris, a director of Prime Response and a principal
of General Atlantic Partners, LLC ("GAP"), a principal stockholder of Prime
Response, in Chicago. At this meeting, Chordiant made an oral non-binding
proposal to Prime Response regarding a possible stock-for-stock merger
transaction involving Chordiant and Prime Response. This proposal included,
among other terms, a proposed exchange ratio of 0.60 of a share of Chordiant
stock for each share of Prime Response common stock. The closing price of
Chordiant's common stock on September 18, 2000 was $10.50 and the closing price
of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $4.50. At this exchange
ratio, the implied price of Prime Response stock price on September 18, 2000
was $6.30 (determined by multiplying $10.50 by 0.60) and the implied equity
value of Prime Response was approximately $137.5 million.

   On September 20, 2000 a term sheet outlining Chordiant's proposal was
exchanged between the two parties and negotiation of the term sheet occurred
between September 20, 2000 and October 3, 2000. During that time, Chordiant and
Prime Response were unable to come to an agreement on the terms of the proposed
transaction between Chordiant and Prime Response. On October 5, 2000, Mr. Boni
called Mr. Bernstein to indicate that continued discussions between the two
companies would not be productive at that time.
Throughout the week of October 11, 2000, Mr. Bernstein spoke with Mr. Boni
by telephone to discuss the possibility of pursing a strategic partnership. On
October 17, 2000, Chordiant and Prime Response agreed that they would pursue a
marketing partnership and also decided to resume discussions with respect to a
proposed merger transaction between the two companies. On October 18, 2000, a
revised term sheet, including a possible exchange ratio of 0.65 of a share of
Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime Response common stock, was sent
to Mr. Boni. The closing price of Chordiant's common stock on October 18, 2000
was $6.38 and the closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date
was $2.94. At this exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common
stock on October 18, 2000 was $4.15 (determined by multiplying $6.38 by 0.65)
and the implied equity value of Prime Response on October 18, 2000 was
approximately $86.2 million.

   On October 20, 2000, Mr. Spadafora made a presentation to the Chordiant
board of directors regarding the status of the current negotiations between
Chordiant and Prime Response. After discussion, the board of directors
authorized senior management of Chordiant to continue discussions and
negotiations with Prime Response regarding the proposed merger.

   On October 25, 2000, Mr. Morrison and Mr. Bernstein met with Mr. McMorris
and Mr. Boni. From October 25, 2000 until October 27, 2000, revised term sheets
outlining terms surrounding a possible merger transaction between Chordiant and
Prime Response were exchanged. On October 26, 2000, a revised term sheet,
including a possible exchange ratio of 0.70 of a share of Chordiant common
stock for each share of Prime Response common stock, was sent to Mr. Boni. The
closing price of Chordiant's common stock on October 26, 2000 was $7.38 and the
closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $2.94. At this
exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common stock on October 26,
2000 was $5.17 (determined by multiplying $7.38 by 0.70) and the implied equity
value of Prime Response on October 26, 2000 was approximately $109.8 million.

   Between October 30, 2000 and November 1, 2000, Mr. Boni informed various
executive officers of Chordiant that Prime Response was considering other
acquisition proposals from third parties.

   On November 1, 2000, Mr. Boni made a presentation to the Prime Response
Chordiant and Prime Response and other potential strategic alternatives.

   On November 2, 2000, Mr. Boni called Mr. Bernstein to inform him that Prime
Response had chosen to enter into a merger transaction with another corporation
and that the proposed merger transaction between Prime Response and Chordiant
would no longer be feasible. A merger agreement between Prime Response and the
other corporation was never executed.

   On November 15, 2000, Mr. McMorris called Mr. Spadafora, and Mr. Boni called
Mr. Bernstein to inquire about resuming discussions with Chordiant regarding a
merger transaction between the companies.

   Between November 16 and November 17, 2000, representatives of the two
companies decided that, subject to a number of significant contingencies,
including approval by both companies' board of directors and stockholders,
receipt of fairness opinions from their respective investment bankers, as well
as completion of due diligence, and agreement on various open issues, the two
companies would proceed towards negotiation and execution of a merger
agreement.

   On November 17, 2000, Mr. McMorris made a presentation to the Prime Response
authorized senior management of Prime Response to continue discussions and
negotiations with Chordiant and to enter into a non-binding term sheet. On the
same day, Chordiant delivered to Prime Response a non-binding term sheet
containing an outline of the principal terms of a possible transaction and both
parties executed a letter agreement, which included "no shop" provisions
prohibiting Prime Response from soliciting or entertaining acquisition
proposals from third parties for a limited period of time. Based on
changes in circumstances since the parties' discussions in September and
October, the representatives of the companies discussed key elements of the
proposed transaction, including a possible exchange ratio of 0.70 of a share of
Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime Response common stock. The
closing price of Chordiant's common stock on November 17, 2000 was $4.38 and
the closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $3.06. At
this exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common stock on
November 17, 2000 was $3.07 (determined by multiplying $4.38 by 0.70) and the
implied equity value of Prime Response on November 17, 2000 was approximately
$62.8 million.

   On November 22, 2000, outside legal counsel to Chordiant delivered a first
draft of a merger agreement to outside legal counsel to Prime Response. On the
same day, due diligence request lists were exchanged between the two parties.
Representatives of both companies and their respective outside legal counsel
and financial advisors exchanged various telephone calls with a view toward
preparing for due diligence efforts. The due diligence investigations continued
through December 17, 2000. Due diligence efforts were suspended on December 18,
2000, resumed on January 3, 2001 and continued until the merger agreement was
executed on January 8, 2001.

   During the period from November 22, 2000 to December 17, 2000, Prime
Response's management team and legal, financial and accounting advisors met by
telephonic conference call to review and summarize the progress of their due
diligence and the negotiation of the merger.

   On November 28, 2000, representatives from both Prime Response and Chordiant
met in Boston to discuss the proposed merger involving the two companies.

   On November 29, 2000, a due diligence meeting was held in Boston.
Representatives of Prime Response made presentations about the company's
business model and sales outlook and answered questions during the meeting. The
attendees included: Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Bernstein, Stephen Kelly,
President and Chief Operating Officer of Chordiant, Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips,
Terence Osborne, Chairman of the board of directors of Prime Response, Mark
Abbott, Vice President of Product Planning for Prime Response, Mr. Carling,
Mary Jefts, Vice President of Finance of Prime Response, Paul Lavallee,
President, the Americas for Prime Response, Mr. Swann, Craig Zajac, Corporate
Counsel of Prime Response, Steven Gal, Vice President of Marketing of Prime
Response, James Plantan, Vice President of Business Development of Prime
Response, Mr. McMorris and Rajeev Shah, an associate for GAP. Representatives
from Thomas Weisel Partners and Robertson Stephens also took part in this due
diligence meeting.

   On December 5, 2000, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Morrison and Cary Morgan, Acting Chief
Financial Officer, Acting Chief Accounting Officer, Acting Secretary, Vice
President and Controller of Chordiant held a due diligence conference call
whereby they provided certain members of senior management of Prime Response
and certain members of the board of directors of Prime Response, including Mr.
Boni, Mr. Phillips and Mr. McMorris, sales outlook and other sales information
about Chordiant and answered questions about such information. Representatives
diligence conference call.
On December 6, 2000, Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Morgan and Mr.
Bernstein held a further due diligence conference call whereby they provided
certain members of senior management of Prime Response and certain members or
representatives of the board of directors of Prime Response, including Mr.
Boni, Mr. Phillips, Mr. McMorris, Franchon M. Smithson, a partner for GAP and
Mr. Shah, financial, customer, marketing and product information about
Chordiant and answered questions about Chordiant's business. Representatives

   During the period from December 7, 2000 until December 17, 2000,
representatives of Chordiant and representatives of Prime Response and the
respective outside legal counsels and financial advisors to Chordiant and Prime
Response had numerous meetings and telephone conferences during which the
merger agreement and various related agreements were discussed and negotiated.

   On December 15, 2000, Mr. Boni provided Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morgan and Mr.
Morrison with an update on Prime Response's business and the outlook for the
fourth quarter of 2000.

   On December 15, 2000, the Prime Response board of directors met by
telephonic conference call to review the terms of the merger agreement. After
reviewing the terms of the agreement and discussing the benefits and risks of
the merger and the board's fiduciary duties with its legal and financial
advisors, the Prime Response board of directors approved the merger agreement.