The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
THE MERGER

BACKGROUND TO THE MERGER

     Beginning in the fall of 1999, Heartport's management and board of
directors began discussing the possibility of finding a strategic business
partner for the purposes of:

     - leveraging Heartport's products through a larger, more established sales
       organization

     - gaining greater market share in the beating heart surgical market
       utilizing an established sales organization

     - gaining greater protection of intellectual property rights and

     - gaining greater access to capital to fund operational growth and key
       product development initiatives.

      On November 19, 1999, the Heartport board of directors discussed the need
to engage an independent financial advisor to assist Heartport in finding a
strategic business partner. On December 9, 1999, Heartport engaged Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated to:

     - assist Heartport in identifying and evaluating candidates for a potential
       sale or merger

     - contact potential candidates which Heartport and Morgan Stanley believed
       to be appropriate for a sale or merger and

     - meet with and interact with potential candidates in the context of
       assisting Heartport in evaluating and negotiating a potential sale or
       merger.


     Subsequent to December 9, 1999, Morgan Stanley conducted an auction process
for Heartport. Initially, Morgan Stanley strategically targeted two companies,
including Johnson & Johnson. Both companies expressed initial interest in the
proposal and formally began discussions with Heartport under confidentiality
agreements that had been entered into with Heartport earlier in the fall of
1999. Senior members of Heartport's management and representatives of Morgan
Stanley sent descriptive materials regarding Heartport to each of the two
companies.

     On January 20, 2000, Morgan Stanley presented to the Heartport board of
directors an initial overview of the two interested companies. Between January
2000 and March 2000, senior members of Heartport's management and
representatives of Morgan Stanley held due diligence meetings and conference
calls with Johnson & Johnson and the other company. After a lengthy due
diligence process, Johnson & Johnson and the other company both withdrew from
bidding for reasons related to valuation.

     During March 2000, senior management of Heartport and representatives of
Morgan Stanley contacted four additional companies to ascertain their interest
with respect to a potential business combination. Each of these companies showed
little interest.

     Between March 2000 and January 2001, Heartport's management and Morgan
Stanley conducted ongoing discussions regarding potential strategic and
financing alternatives.

     On March 23, 2000, the Heartport board of directors discussed the viability
of other strategic alternatives in the event that an acceptable business
combination transaction could not be achieved.


     In the first week of January 2001, Heartport received an unsolicited oral
offer from Johnson & Johnson to exchange shares of Johnson & Johnson common
stock for shares of Heartport common stock at a specified value. Heartport
evaluated this offer and eventually rejected the offer based upon valuation.

     Johnson & Johnson responded on or about January 12, 2001 by orally offering
to discuss a higher valuation and requesting that Johnson & Johnson and
Heartport continue discussions. Due diligence meetings and conference calls
between Heartport and Johnson & Johnson resumed.

     Between January 12, 2001 and January 25, 2001, Johnson & Johnson and
Heartport engaged in several conference calls and other due diligence
activities. Simultaneously, Heartport, Johnson & Johnson

and their respective legal counsel engaged in contract negotiations for the
proposed acquisition of Heartport by Johnson & Johnson, subject to the companies
coming to an agreement as to valuation.

     During the week of January 15, 2001, Morgan Stanley, on behalf of
Heartport, contacted other companies to ascertain interest levels with respect
to a potential business combination transaction with Heartport.

     On January 24, 2001, a company made an oral offer for each outstanding
share of Heartport common stock, subject to a full due diligence review being
completed by that company. This offer was rejected due to its low valuation in
comparison to the expected value of the forthcoming Johnson & Johnson bid.

     On January 24, 2001, the Heartport board of directors met to discuss the
proposed merger with Johnson & Johnson. Morgan Stanley presented its assessment
of the transaction in view of other prospects for a merger and presented its
opinion that the consideration offered by Johnson & Johnson was fair from a
financial point of view. The Heartport board of directors extensively discussed
the proposed merger and authorized management to continue discussions regarding
the terms and conditions of the proposed merger.

     On January 25, 2001, Johnson & Johnson submitted a final offer to Heartport
of $2.72 for each outstanding share of Heartport common stock, or approximately
$81 million in the aggregate, to be paid in Johnson & Johnson common stock.
Johnson & Johnson's offer was subject to certain conditions, including the
following:

     - Heartport's directors and executive officers and their affiliates
       entering into a stockholder agreement with Johnson & Johnson pursuant to
       which such stockholders would agree to vote in favor of a merger with
       Johnson & Johnson

     - Heartport agreeing that neither it nor any of its officers, directors,
       employees or agents would solicit, initiate or encourage competing offers
       to purchase Heartport or a substantial portion of its business; provided,
       however, that legitimate unsolicited offers could be considered pursuant
       to the board's fiduciary responsibility to Heartport's stockholders,
       subject to Heartport's compliance with the specific provisions in the
       merger agreement relating to this matter, and
- the stockholders entering into the stockholder agreement agreeing to the
       profit recoupment provisions described on page 45 below under "The
       Stockholder Agreement -- Profit Recoupment Provisions".

     On January 25, 2001, the Heartport board of directors met again with
representatives from Morgan Stanley and Heartport's legal counsel. The Heartport
board of directors entered into extensive discussion with and questioning of the
representatives of Morgan Stanley and Heartport's legal counsel regarding
Johnson & Johnson's offer, including the terms and conditions of the offer, the
stockholder agreement and the termination fee proposed by Johnson & Johnson. In
addition, the Heartport board of directors discussed the importance of
minimizing the ability of Johnson & Johnson to terminate the merger agreement as
a result of adverse changes to Heartport's business related to the announcement
of the merger. After these discussions, the Heartport board of directors
unanimously:

     - declared advisable the merger and the merger agreement and declared the
       contemplated transactions to be fair to, and in the best interests of,
       Heartport and its stockholders

     - approved the merger agreement and the stockholder agreement

     - directed that the merger agreement be submitted to a vote at a meeting of
       the stockholders of Heartport

     - recommended that the stockholders of Heartport adopt the merger agreement
       and

     - approved an amendment to Heartport's rights plan that would permit the
       merger with Johnson & Johnson to be completed without triggering
       Heartport's rights plan.

     In the early morning of January 26, 2001, the parties executed and
delivered the merger agreement, the stockholder agreement and the amendment to
Heartport's rights plan and issued a joint press release announcing the
execution of the merger agreement.

     On February 16, 2001, the parties executed and delivered an amended an
restated merger agreement dated and effective as of January 26, 2001, the date
of the original merger agreement, in which certain technical and other
amendments were made to the original merger agreement.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF HEARTPORT'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     REASONS FOR THE MERGER.  In reaching its decision to approve the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and to recommend the
adoption of the merger agreement by Heartport's stockholders, Heartport's board
of directors consulted with its management team, financial advisors, legal
counsel and other advisors. In making its decision, Heartport's board of
directors carefully weighed the following factors, which is not intended to be
an exhaustive list, but includes all material factors considered:

     - its belief that a higher sale price could not be obtained in view of:

        - the fact that no higher offer had emerged in the process run by
          Heartport and its advisors to solicit indications of interest in a
          business combination with Heartport,

        - the fact that the only other offer received was conditional and at a
          price significantly lower than the offer received from Johnson &
          Johnson,


        - the fact that the value of $2.72 for each outstanding share of
          Heartport common stock offered by Johnson & Johnson represented a
          premium of 61.2% over the closing price of Heartport one month prior
          to the announcement of the transaction and a premium of 31.9% over the
          closing price of Heartport on January 25, 2001, the last full trading
          day prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger and

        - its belief that, based upon a lengthy search of over a year, it was
          not possible to achieve a higher price from Johnson & Johnson or any
          other party

     - the opinion of Morgan Stanley that, as of January 25, 2001, and based
       upon and subject to the various considerations in its opinion, the
       consideration to be received by the Heartport stockholders in the merger
       was fair from a financial point of view to the Heartport stockholders

     - the financial position and business prospects of Johnson & Johnson, a
       large, well-capitalized merger partner

     - the opportunity for Heartport's stockholders to reduce their exposure to
       risks and dilution associated with Heartport's need to obtain additional
       capital resources in order to continue to grow its operations

       the risks and costs associated with the repayment or restructuring of
       Heartport's existing long-term debt obligations of approximately $48.0
       million, which exceeded Heartport's cash and cash equivalents of
       approximately $11.4 million as of December 31, 2000

       the risks associated with Heartport's reliance on a limited product line
       and the difficulty of competing against larger, more diversified
       companies with substantially greater financial resources

     - the changing healthcare environment, with its increasing focus on cost
       containment, coupled with the trend of consolidation in the medical
       device industry

     - the ability to fund and accelerate product development and product line
       diversification by leveraging the resources and technological expertise
       of the combined company

     - the fact that, although the actual number of shares of Johnson & Johnson
       common stock that a Heartport stockholder will be entitled to receive in
       the merger will not be determined until shortly before the completion of
       the merger, the consideration of $2.72 per share of Heartport common
       stock is fixed and not subject to change based on changes in the market
       valuation of Johnson & Johnson common stock
- the fact that the merger will afford Heartport's stockholders an
       opportunity to retain an equity interest in the combined company in a
       transaction designed to result in a tax-free exchange and to achieve
       substantially greater liquidity than could be achieved by holding shares
       of Heartport common stock, which are currently listed on The Nasdaq
       SmallCap Market and have an average daily trading volume of approximately
       195,000 shares, as opposed to holding shares of Johnson & Johnson common
       stock, which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and have an
       average daily trading volume of approximately 3.3 million shares

     - Johnson & Johnson's inability to terminate the merger agreement in the
       event there were materially adverse changes to Heartport's business based
       on:

        - changes affecting the medical devices industry generally and not
          specifically relating to Heartport,

        - changes affecting the United States economy generally,

        - a decrease in the price of the Heartport common stock or the failure
          by Heartport to meet or exceed Wall Street research analysts' or
          Heartport's internal earnings or other estimates or projections, in
          each case in and of itself,

        - any adverse change or effect resulting from compliance by Heartport
          with the terms of the merger agreement or

        - any adverse change or effect resulting from certain matters set forth
          in the disclosure letter delivered by Heartport to Johnson & Johnson
          in connection with the merger agreement and

     - the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and the belief of
       Heartport's board of directors that the parties will be able to satisfy
       the closing conditions.

     Heartport's board of directors also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger,
including:


     - the recognition that Johnson & Johnson common stock is currently trading
       near its all-time high, and the risk that such market valuation might not
       be sustained in the future

     - the risk that, prior to and after the merger, key personnel might leave
       Heartport and

     - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger might not be fully
       realized.

     Heartport's board of directors discussed with Heartport's management and
financial and legal advisors the prospects for business combination transactions
with companies other than Johnson & Johnson and whether incremental or superior
benefits could be achieved through such transactions. Heartport's board of
directors also discussed the risks and benefits of a stand-alone strategy. After
reviewing the potentially negative factors, Heartport's board of directors
concluded that such negative factors were outweighed by the positive factors
and, accordingly, determined that the merger is fair to, and in the best
interests of, Heartport and its stockholders.

     In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger and the merger agreement and the stockholder agreement,
Heartport's board of directors did not find it practicable to and did not
quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific factors considered
in reaching its determination. In addition, individual members of Heartport's
board of directors may have given different weight to different factors.