The following provides details on events leading up to the merger deal:
THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

   During the course of the prior three years, various senior management
personnel of iVillage have been involved from time to time in discussions with
members of management of Hearst Communications and Women.com regarding a
variety of topics related to their businesses, including possible business
combinations.

    On August 2, 2000, Douglas W. McCormick, Chief Executive Officer of
iVillage, met with Alfred Sikes, one of Hearst Communications' representatives
on the board of directors of Women.com, to discuss a variety of topics related
to the iVillage and Women.com businesses, including possible business
combinations, but no agreements were reached.

    On August 9, 2000, Mr. McCormick met with Marleen McDaniel, Chief Executive
Officer of Women.com, to discuss a variety of topics related to the iVillage
and Women.com businesses, including possible business combinations, but no
agreements were reached.

   On December 7, 2000, Mr. Sikes, Ms. McDaniel, and Cole Bader from Morgan
Stanley Dean Witter, Women.com's financial advisor at the time, met with Mr.
McCormick, and Steven A. Elkes, Executive Vice President--Operations and
Business Affairs of iVillage, to discuss the possibility of iVillage and
Women.com entering into a business combination. The meeting concluded without
agreement and no additional meetings or discussions were scheduled.

   On December 21, 2000, Mr. Sikes and Mr. McCormick met again to discuss the
possibility of a transaction between Women.com and iVillage.

   On January 15, 2001, Mr. Sikes, James Asher, another of Hearst
Communications' representatives on the board of directors of Women.com, and
Mr. McCormick met to discuss the possibility of a transaction between
Women.com and iVillage.

   On January 17, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage met to consider
several matters of business including, among other things, preliminary
discussions regarding the form of and parameters for any proposed business
combination with Women.com. At this meeting, Mr. McCormick and other members
of senior management discussed the proposed transaction alternatives with the
board, including the strategic reasons for the proposed transaction. Upon
completion of its deliberations, the board of directors of iVillage authorized
and directed Mr. McCormick and other members of senior management to pursue
further discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com within certain
acceptable parameters.
On January 18, 2001, the board of directors of Women.com held their
regularly scheduled board meeting. Several different strategic options were
discussed regarding the future of Women.com. Salomon Smith Barney, Women.com's
financial advisor, gave a presentation regarding strategic options. A
representative of Cooley Godward LLP, Women.com's outside legal counsel,
discussed the board's fiduciary duties in considering a strategic business
combination. The Women.com board of directors then directed Ms. McDaniel to
pursue discussions with iVillage with respect to a possible merger transaction
with iVillage.

   On January 22, 2000, Mr. McCormick, Mr. Elkes and Scott Levine, Chief
Financial Officer of iVillage, discussed with Allen & Company Incorporated,
iVillage's financial advisor, and various individual board members the
advantages and disadvantages of various types of business combinations.

   On January 22, 2001, Ms. McDaniel, Mr. Sikes, Mr. Asher and Barry Weinman,
another member of the board of directors of Women.com, spoke by telephone
regarding the possibility of pursuing a transaction with iVillage.

   On January 22, 2001, Mr. McCormick spoke by telephone with Mr. Sikes, Mr.
Asher and Mr. Weinman to discuss the potential of proceeding with discussions.
During the period of January 17, 2001 through January 24, 2001, there were a
series of telephone calls between Mr. McCormick, members of senior management
of iVillage and Messrs. Sikes and Asher on behalf of Hearst Communications and
Women.com regarding the structure of a proposed transaction, management
issues, corporate governance issues, the proposed exchange ratio, due
diligence issues and the structure of arrangements with Hearst Communications.
On January 23, 2001, Mr. Sikes, Mr. Asher, Ms. McDaniel and Erin Ruane,
Senior Vice President, Business and Corporate Development of Women.com, met
with Salomon Smith Barney to discuss financial aspects of the proposed
transaction, the structure of the transaction and the fairness of the
transaction from a financial point of view to the Women.com stockholders.

   On January 24, 2001, Mr. McCormick, Mr. Elkes, Mr. Levine, and Jane
Tollinger, iVillage's Senior Vice President of Business Affairs, met with Mr.
Sikes, Ms. McDaniel, Ms. Ruane and Mr. Asher to discuss the specific
structure of the transaction, the exchange ratio, the strategic arrangements
with Hearst Communications and management structure. The meeting concluded
with no agreement.

   On January 25, 2001, Messrs. McCormick, Levine and Elkes, and Ms. Tollinger
met with Messrs. Sikes and Asher and Ronald J. Doerfler, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Hearst Communications, and continued to discuss
specific aspects of the proposed transaction structure, the Hearst
Communications investment issues, the exchange ratio, and management
structure. The meeting concluded with no agreement on specific terms for the
proposed transaction.

   On January 26, 2001, Ms. McDaniel and Mr. Asher briefed by telephone the
Women.com board of directors of the status of the proposed transaction.

   On January 26, 2001, Mr. McCormick spoke by telephone with Mr. Asher
regarding specific aspects of the proposed transaction.

   On January 29, 2001, Mr. McCormick and Mr. Levine spoke by telephone with
Ms. McDaniel and Mr. Sikes regarding specific aspects of the proposed
transaction.


   On January 29, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage held a telephonic
meeting. At the meeting, Mr. McCormick provided a report on the discussions
which had taken place with Women.com and Hearst Communications. Mr. McCormick
also summarized the principal terms and open issues relating to a possible
transaction. A representative of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP,
iVillage's outside legal counsel, discussed the board's fiduciary duties in
considering a strategic business combination and further discussed the
principal terms of a draft agreement and plan of merger.

   On January 29, 2001, iVillage and Women.com signed a confidentiality
agreement regarding the transaction to begin due diligence.

   Beginning the week of January 29, 2001, there were a series of daily
telephone calls between members of senior management of iVillage and members
of senior management of Hearst Communications and Women.com regarding the
terms of the proposed transaction and due diligence matters. In addition,
iVillage, Hearst Communications and Women.com and their respective advisors
intensified due diligence activities and preparation of definitive
documentation. On January 31, 2001, Messrs. McCormick, Elkes and Levine and
Ms. Tollinger met with Messrs. Sikes and Asher to discuss specific aspects of
the transaction.

   From February 1, 2001 through February 5, 2001, representatives of iVillage,
Hearst Communications and Women.com and their respective advisors conducted
due diligence and negotiated definitive documentation.

   On February 2, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage met at the offices
of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP in New York, New York. Mr. McCormick
provided an update of discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com and
a review of the terms of the transaction and the strategic rationale for the
transaction. Representatives of Allen & Company Incorporated presented to
iVillage's board of directors a summary of its financial analyses of the
transaction. In addition, Allen & Company delivered its oral opinion that the
acquisition of Women.com and the investment of an aggregate of $20.0 million
by Hearst Communications and other Women.com stockholders in iVillage through
a rights offering pursuant to the proposed merger agreement and the related
agreements was fair, from a financial point of view, to iVillage.
Representatives of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP then reviewed the
directors' fiduciary duties and summarized the principal terms of the proposed
agreements. After its deliberations, the board of directors directed senior
management to continue discussions with Hearst Communications and Women.com.

   On February 4, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage again convened by
telephone to review the status of the negotiations. Mr. McCormick and
representatives of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP provided an update

on the status of the proposed transaction and the terms of the proposed
agreements. Mr. McCormick also summarized the issues upon which the parties
had not yet reached agreement.

   On February 5, 2001, the board of directors of iVillage held a telephonic
board meeting. Mr. McCormick provided the board with an update on the
negotiations and the unresolved issues. A representative of Allen & Company
addressed certain aspects of the unresolved issues and delivered its opinion
as to the fairness of the merger to iVillage. After its deliberations, the
iVillage board of directors approved the merger agreement and the related
agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements; declared
them advisable and resolved to recommend that iVillage's stockholders approve
and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement, including the merger, the issuance of shares of iVillage common
stock to be received by stockholders of Women.com pursuant to the merger
agreement, the issuance of iVillage common stock and warrants pursuant to a
securities purchase agreement between iVillage and Hearst Communications, and
the rights offering to Women.com stockholders.
On February 5, 2001, the board of directors of Women.com held a telephonic
board meeting at 9:30 a.m., Pacific time. Representatives of Cooley Godward
LLP, Women.com's outside legal counsel, and representatives of Salomon Smith
Barney were also present. Mr. Asher provided an update on the status of the
transaction and the terms of the transaction. Following the presentation, a
representative of Salomon Smith Barney reviewed the terms of the transaction
and discussed its fairness opinion. A representative of Cooley Godward then
reviewed some of the documentation and timing for the transaction. After
discussions and deliberations, the board of directors of Women.com approved by
all directors present the merger agreement and the related agreements and the
transactions contemplated by those agreements; declared them advisable and
resolved to recommend that the Women.com stockholders approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger and the conversion of shares of Women.com common stock
into shares of iVillage common stock.
After negotiation of the final terms of the merger agreement and the related
agreements, representatives of each of iVillage and Women.com executed the
merger agreement. In addition, Hearst Communications entered into a securities
purchase agreement with iVillage pursuant to which Hearst Communications
agreed to pay iVillage $20.0 million (subject to adjustment) for iVillage
common stock and warrants to purchase iVillage common stock. Hearst
Communications also entered into a voting agreement with iVillage pursuant to
which Hearst Communications agreed to vote all of its shares of common stock
of Women.com in favor of adoption of the merger. AOL Time Warner Inc.,
National Broadcasting Company, Inc., GE Investments Subsidiary, Inc. and Rho
Management Trust I each entered into voting agreements with iVillage pursuant
to which they agreed to vote all of their shares of common stock of iVillage
in favor of the adoption of the merger.

   On the evening of February 5, 2001, iVillage and Women.com issued a joint
press release announcing the proposed acquisition of Women.com. by iVillage.

Women.com's Reasons for the Merger


   Women.com's board of directors has determined that the terms of the merger
and the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interests of Women.com
and its stockholders, has declared the advisability of the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by it and has determined to recommend that
the stockholders of Women.com adopt the merger agreement. In its evaluation of
the merger and the merger agreement, Women.com's board of directors consulted
with Women.com's senior management, as well as its legal and financial
advisors. The decision of the Women.com board of directors to approve the
merger and the merger agreement was based upon several potential benefits of
the merger that Women.com's board believes will contribute to the success of
iVillage following the merger compared to Women.com continuing to operate as
an independent business. Women.com's management has also considered a number
of alternatives for enhancing its business, including acquiring other
companies.

   In addition to the potential benefits described under "iVillage's Reasons
for the Merger" that would be applicable to Women.com stockholders, the
Women.com board believes that additional reasons the merger will be beneficial
to Women.com and its stockholders include the following:

   o the merger would provide Women.com stockholders with shares of iVillage
     common stock in a taxable event, which will allow stockholders to realize
     losses, which are currently unrealized, upon the date of the completion
     of the merger;

   o the availability to iVillage following the merger of greater resources to
     continue to establish, expand and support advertisement sales,
     distribution, and editorial on and through the Women.com web site;