The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between VitalCom Inc & Data Critical Corp:
Background of the transaction

   On January 5, 2000, VitalCom retained Pinnacle Partners, Inc. to be its
financial advisor in connection with any potential mergers, acquisitions, or
similar transactions.

   On May 26, 2000, Mr. Michael E. Singer of Data Critical met with Mr. Frank
T. Sample of VitalCom to discuss general business and industry trends and
potential business, product distribution, licensing or affiliation
opportunities between the two companies.

   Between May 26, 2000 and July 24, 2000, conversations between the two
companies continued and evolved into discussions regarding the possibility of
combining the two companies.

   On July 24, 2000, Data Critical and VitalCom entered into a mutual non-
disclosure agreement. Also on July 24, 2000, Mr. Singer, Mr. Sample and Mr.
Jeffrey Brown of Data Critical, together with other members of the management
teams of both companies, met at Data Critical's offices in Bothell, Washington.
During the July 24 meeting, each company made a general presentation regarding
its business, products and customers.

Following the July 24 meeting, Data Critical hired U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
to be its financial advisor. Data Critical also engaged A.G. Edwards to provide
specific financial analysis relating to the transaction.

   Discussions were held during early August regarding potential proposed
structures for a combination. On or about August 16, 2000, Pinnacle Partners
prepared and distributed a confidential presentation to the board of directors
of VitalCom analyzing the proposed transaction. The board of directors of
VitalCom met to consider the proposed transaction, the analysis provided by
Pinnacle Partners and other alternatives. On August 18, 2000, the parties
entered into a letter agreement containing non-binding indicative terms for a
proposed transaction and a binding 21-day prohibition on negotiations by
VitalCom with third parties. On August 22, 2000, officers of VitalCom
participated in a conference call with Data Critical and its financial advisors
to discuss and explore the due diligence process. On August 29, 2000,
management personnel of each company, together with each company's financial
advisors, met in Orange County, California. During the August 29 meeting, Data
Critical conducted initial exploratory due diligence of VitalCom's business.
The August 29 meeting also included a mutual presentation of financial
information and an analysis of VitalCom's sales pipeline and backlog, business
plans and results of operation. On September 1, 2000, a meeting took place at
Data Critical's offices in Bothell, at which Data Critical presented
information regarding its businesses, prospects and results of operations.

   After the September 1 meeting, the companies continued to exchange business
information and to periodically engage in telephone discussions to formulate a
proposal for the combination of the two companies. Each company's management,
working with their financial advisors, also independently analyzed the
potential for a combination.

   On September 21, 2000, Mr. Singer, Mr. Sample, Mr. Patrick Doherty of A.G.
Edwards, Mr. Marc Cabrera of Pinnacle Partners and a representative of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray took part in a conference call to discuss possible terms
of a combination of the two companies. The parties did not agree on terms at
that time, and agreed to terminate discussions.

   On January 23, 2001, VitalCom's board of directors met and discussed, among
other things, renewing conversations with Data Critical about a possible
combination. On January 25, 2001 and again on January 27, 2001, Mr. Brown and
Mr. Sample met and resumed discussion regarding a combination of the companies.

   On February 2, 2001, Data Critical's board met and discussed, among other
things, the possibility of a combination with VitalCom. At a meeting of Data
Critical's board of directors on February 9, 2001, Mr. Singer and a
representative of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed possible terms of a
proposed combination. The Data Critical board of directors authorized senior
management to continue discussions with VitalCom regarding the potential
acquisition. Data Critical and VitalCom continued to discuss the terms and
conditions of the proposed merger agreement on a regular basis. Data Critical's
board of directors met on February 12, 2000 and February 13, 2000 to receive
updates from Data Critical's management and to consider terms of the proposed
combination.
On February 13 and 14, 2001, representatives of the two companies and their
attorneys met at VitalCom's headquarters in Tustin, California to continue
business due diligence and commence legal due diligence of VitalCom. On
February 15 and 16, 2001, representatives of the two companies and their
attorneys met at Data Critical's principal offices in Bothell to continue
business and legal due diligence of Data Critical.

   Over the next few weeks, Data Critical, VitalCom and their financial
advisors and legal counsel participated in conferences regarding pricing
considerations and the negotiation of terms and conditions of the proposed
merger agreement. Both Data Critical and VitalCom continued examinations of
each other's business. Data Critical's board of directors met five additional
times during this period to receive updates and evaluate the status of the
transaction. During this time, VitalCom's board of directors also had numerous
discussions and exchanged correspondence regarding the transaction.
On March 12, 2001, the VitalCom board of directors held a special meeting to
review the status of final negotiations with Data Critical. At this meeting,
Mr. Sample and VitalCom's legal counsel presented the final terms of the merger
agreement. Also at this meeting, Pinnacle Partners rendered its oral opinion to
the board, which Pinnacle Partners confirmed by delivery of a written opinion
dated March 12, 2001, to the effect that, as of March 12, 2001 and based on and
subject to the matters stated in its opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger
was fair, from a financial point of view, to the VitalCom stockholders. After
considering the presentations made by Pinnacle Partners and VitalCom's
attorneys and the factors described in "The Merger--Joint reasons for the
merger" and "--Recommendation of VitalCom's board; VitalCom's reasons for the
merger," the VitalCom board unanimously approved the proposed transaction and
the merger agreement. The VitalCom board authorized the executive officers of
VitalCom to negotiate any final changes necessary to the merger agreement and
related ancillary documents on behalf of VitalCom and determined to recommend
to VitalCom's stockholders that the VitalCom stockholders vote to adopt the
merger agreement.
On March 12, 2001, the Data Critical board of directors held a special
meeting to review the status of final negotiations with VitalCom. At this
meeting, Mr. Singer and Data Critical's legal counsel presented the final terms
of the merger agreement. Also at this meeting, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
rendered its oral opinion to the board, which U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 12, 2001, to the effect
that, as of March 12, 2001 and based on and subject to the matters stated in
its opinion, the proposed consideration to be paid to the VitalCom stockholders
was fair, from a financial point of view, to Data Critical. After considering
the presentations made by U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Data Critical's
merger" and "--Recommendation of Data Critical's board; Data Critical's reasons
for the merger," the Data Critical board unanimously approved the proposed
transaction and the merger agreement. The Data Critical board authorized the
executive officers of Data Critical to negotiate any final changes necessary to
the merger agreement and related ancillary documents on behalf of Data Critical
and determined to recommend to Data Critical's stockholders that they vote to
approve the issuance of shares of Data Critical common stock in the merger.

   After the close of the stock market on March 12, 2001, Data Critical and
VitalCom executed the merger agreement and the ancillary documents, and issued
a joint press release announcing the execution of the merger agreement.

Joint reasons for the merger

   The boards of directors of both Data Critical and VitalCom based their
decisions to recommend the proposed merger on their belief that the merger will
jointly benefit Data Critical and VitalCom and their stockholders in a number
of ways, including the following:

  . Benefits of scale. The merger will create a larger, combined company
    with:



   . greater technological, financial and business resources;

   . a more diversified product base;

   . greater product research and development capabilities;

   . an expanded distribution and OEM network;

   . an increased ability to compete effectively for business and sales;

   . greater brand recognition;

   . an enhanced ability to negotiate more favorable terms in its commercial
     dealings; and

   . greater cost efficiency resulting from the elimination and reduction of
     redundant corporate overhead.

  . Benefits of Diversification. The merger will combine two different, but
    complimentary, product lines. The combined company's diverse product line
    will offer a broader and more comprehensive family of

    wireless products to the hospital market, as compared to the product lines
    of competitors or by either Data Critical or VitalCom independently. By
    leveraging each company's existing customer and strategic relationships, the
    combined company could expand its customer base and establish a market
    leadership position in the market for wireless hospital products.

  . Synergistic Technology. The combination of the two companies'
    technologies and research and development operations are expected to
    result in substantial synergies and potential technological superiority
    over competing products.

  . Increased Prospects for Profitability. The increased scale, potential
    synergies, product diversification and enhanced market position of the
    combined company are expected to improve the combined company's prospect
    for near-term profitability.

Recommendations of Data Critical's board; Data Critical's reasons for the
merger

   The Data Critical board of directors has unanimously approved the merger and
the merger agreement and has determined that the terms of the merger are fair
to, and in the best interests of, Data Critical and its stockholders.
Accordingly, the Data Critical board of directors unanimously recommends that
Data Critical's stockholders vote "FOR" approval of the issuance of shares of
common stock in the merger. In addition to the anticipated joint benefits
described above, the Data Critical board of directors believes that there are
additional reasons the merger will be beneficial to Data Critical and its
stockholders:

  . New Sales Opportunities. The merger will expand Data Critical's product
    base, will provide increased sales opportunities with current Data
    Critical customers and strategic partners and will create opportunities
    for introduction and cross-selling of Data Critical products to
    VitalCom's customers and strategic partners.

  . New Technology. The merger will provide Data Critical with new and
    additional technology that could not be created independently by Data
    Critical without significant time and expense.

   In the course of its deliberations, Data Critical's board of directors
reviewed and considered a number of other factors relevant to the merger,
including the following:


  . information regarding historical market prices and other information with
    respect to VitalCom common stock and Data Critical common stock, and the
    financial performance and condition, assets, liabilities, business
    operations, and prospects of each of VitalCom and Data Critical and their
    projected future values as separate entities and on a combined basis;

  . the potential financial impact of the merger on Data Critical, including
    its stock price, cash balance, revenue and earnings;

  . the current and prospective economic and competitive environment facing
    not only Data Critical, but also the healthcare information technology
    sector in general;

  . the competitive advantages that VitalCom's technology offers in respect
    of compliance with new federal regulations governing wireless hospital
    products;

  . the compatibility of management of the two companies and the prospective
    management team for the combined company, including the need to enter
    into employment agreements with Mr. Frank Sample and Mr. Stephen Hannah
    of VitalCom and Mr. Michael Singer, Mr. Brad Harlow and Mr. Robert May of
    Data Critical;

  . on completion of the merger, Data Critical's board of directors will
    consist of eight members, six of whom will be from the existing Data
    Critical board, but only two of whom will be from the existing VitalCom
    board;

  . the tax and accounting treatment of the merger;

  . VitalCom's large number of hospital customers;



  . the price per share to be paid to VitalCom stockholders represented a 27%
    discount from the then current market price for VitalCom common stock
    based on the exchange ratio, as of the signing of the merger agreement;

  . the results of the business and legal due diligence investigation of
    VitalCom conducted by Data Critical's consultants, employees and counsel;

  . the presentation to the Data Critical board of directors, and opinion
    rendered orally by, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray on March 12, 2001 that, as
    of such date and based upon and subject to the assumptions,
    qualifications and limitations set forth in stated in the U.S. Bancorp
    Piper Jaffray written opinion, as of March 12, 2001, the merger
    consideration to be paid by Data Critical to VitalCom stockholders in the
    merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to Data Critical (the
    full text of the U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray opinion is attached as
    Appendix B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus);

  . a review with Data Critical's attorneys of the terms of the merger
    agreement, including the parties' mutual representations and warranties
    and closing conditions to the merger;

  . the belief that the terms of the merger agreement are reasonable;

  . the execution by stockholders representing approximately 61% of
    outstanding shares of VitalCom common stock of voting agreements,
    pursuant to which those VitalCom stockholders agreed:

   . not to sell their VitalCom shares prior to completion of the merger and
     in restricted circumstances after the merger;

   . to vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement;



   . to vote against any other proposal for the sale, merger, consolidation
     or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of VitalCom; and

   . to grant an irrevocable proxy in favor of Data Critical to vote their
     VitalCom shares in favor of adoption of the merger agreement;

  . the VitalCom stockholder voting agreements described above effectively
    ensure that the required approval of the merger by VitalCom stockholders
    would be obtained regardless of whether or how other VitalCom
    stockholders vote their shares; and

  . the inclusion in the merger agreement of a breakup fee, pursuant to which
    either Data Critical or VitalCom could be required to pay the other a
    termination fee of $500,000 or, under certain circumstances following a
    termination at the fault of VitalCom, VitalCom could be required to pay
    additional fees to Data Critical up to $1,000,000 overall, and that such
    fees might discourage third parties from offering to acquire VitalCom.

   Data Critical's board of directors also considered a variety of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including the
following:

  . VitalCom's longer sales cycle and the size, quality and likelihood of
    completion of VitalCom's sales pipeline;

  . VitalCom's dependence on a small number of customers for a substantial
    majority of its revenues, and on one supplier for the manufacture of a
    substantial majority of its products;


  . risks associated with the merger's impact on each company's customers and
    strategic partners, including the willingness of those customers and
    strategic partners to continue to do business with the combined company
    and any new terms demanded by such customers and strategic partners;

  . risks associated with the fact that VitalCom's products compete with the
    products of existing Data Critical customers and strategic partners;

  . differences in the revenue recognition accounting policies of the two
    companies;

  . the dilutive effect of the Data Critical common stock to be issued in the
    merger;

  . the risk that the market price of Data Critical's common stock might be
    adversely affected by consummation of the merger;

  . the risk that integration of the two companies' management and scientific
    cultures might not be accomplished quickly or smoothly;

  . the potential loss of key Data Critical employees who are important to
    the ongoing success of Data Critical and to the integration of VitalCom's
    operations and technology; and

  . other risks described under the heading "Risk Factors" beginning on page
    14.