The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between Telescan Inc & Ziasun Technologies Inc:
Background of the Merger

     Beginning in the fourth quarter of 1998, Telescan began providing a
subscription platform to WallStreetCity.com on a discounted basis for Online
Investors Advantage, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of ZiaSun, to give to
each of its seminar attendees. In December of 1999, OIA and Telescan
formalized the relationship and agreed upon new financial terms for a stated
royalty; Telescan also agreed to provide OIA with an OIA-labeled, co-branded
Web site. OIA and Telescan continue to do business pursuant to the terms of
the December 1999 contract.
On April 19, 2000, a meeting was held at the Hilton Hotel in Salt Lake
City among Messrs. D. Scott Elder, Chairman of the board of directors of
ZiaSun and Chief Executive Officer of ZiaSun, Ross W. Jardine, Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Director of ZiaSun, Allen Hardman, President,
Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director of ZiaSun, Christopher D.
Outram, Director of ZiaSun, Hans von Meiss, Director of ZiaSun, Bryant Cragun,
founder of ZiaSun, George Chachas, counsel to ZiaSun, and Greg Gensemer, Vice
President of Business Development of Telescan to discuss strategic alliance
possibilities with Telescan.

     On August 16, 2000, Telescan entered into a merger agreement with
GlobalNet Financial.com, Inc.

     On September 26, 2000, Telescan and GlobalNet Financial.com, Inc.
announced that their proposed merger was terminated. The following day, Mr.
Elder contacted Lee K. Barba, Chief Executive Officer of Telescan, and
discussed a possible transaction in which Telescan would acquire OIA from
ZiaSun. Over the next couple of months, Messrs. Barba, Elder and Jardine, had
a number of telephone calls to discuss various aspects of the transaction.
During this period, ZiaSun proposed that any business combination should
result in the ZiaSun shareholders receiving or retaining 75% of the combined
entity, with the Telescan shareholders receiving or retaining the remaining
25%.

     On October 4, 2000, ZiaSun had a board meeting where it directed
management to proceed with efforts to develop a definitive deal with Telescan.
On October 10 and 13, 2000, the ZiaSun board met and discussed a potential
spin-off of OIA as part of a merger or another transaction with Telescan. The
board directed management to continue pursuit of a possible strategic
transaction with Telescan.

     On October 20, 2000, the ZiaSun board considered retaining services of a
merger and acquisition specialist and a tax consultant. On November 2, 2000,
the ZiaSun board determined that Jones Waldo Holbrook & McDonough, P.C. would
provide merger and acquisition services and legal counsel as the negotiations
and deal with Telescan proceeded.

     On November 15, 2000, Messrs. Barba and Elder met in San Francisco to
discuss the transaction and to tour Telescan's office in San Francisco.

     On November 16, 2000, at a telephonic meeting of the board of directors
of Telescan, Mr. Barba described the proposed transaction to the Telescan
board.

                                     -31-



     On December 4, 2000, Messrs. Barba, Elder and Jardine met in New York
with certain members of the board of directors of Telescan to discuss the
transaction and to give such board members the opportunity to meet Messrs.
Elder and Jardine. After that meeting on December 4, 2000, Messrs. Barba,
Elder and Jardine met with Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to Telescan, to
discuss the proposed transaction and structuring alternatives. It was
concluded at that meeting that Telescan's acquisition of OIA from ZiaSun would
not be possible without resulting in adverse tax consequences to ZiaSun.
Consequently, the participants at that meeting determined that the most
favorable structure would be for a new corporation to be formed that would
acquire both Telescan and ZiaSun. Also at the December 4, 2000 meeting Messrs.
Elder and Jardine reiterated their requirement that the shareholders of ZiaSun
and Telescan would own 75% and 25%, respectively, of the combined entity. The
parties agreed that they should begin the due diligence process and that
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett should begin preparing the merger agreement and
other necessary documentation for the transaction.

     Later in the day after the December 4 meetings, Mr. Barba telephoned Mr.
Cragun to discuss the transaction. In particular, they discussed the proposed
75%/25% exchange ratio. Mr. Cragun stated that ZiaSun would consider making
the ratio more favorable to Telescan if Telescan was able to enter into a
co-branded partnership with a major customer, sell its remaining equity
investments in public companies or achieve profitability in its
business-to-business operations.
On December 6-7, 2000, Paul Helbling, the Chief Financial Officer of
Telescan, Roger Wadsworth, the Chief Administrative Officer of Telescan, and
Pam Thompson, Controller of Telescan, traveled to San Diego to meet with Mr.
Hardman, Gordon Jones, an independent contractor who provides services to
ZiaSun as its controller, and Mr. Chachas to discuss the background of ZiaSun
and its operations.

     On December 18-19, 2000, Messrs. Hardman and Jones traveled to Houston to
initiate ZiaSun's due diligence review of Telescan.

     On January 4, 2001, a meeting was held among Messrs. Barba, Elder and
Jardine in Salt Lake City regarding options to sell Telescan's
business-to-business operations. Discussions were also held regarding a
possible joint venture relationship and moving ahead on the merger.

     On January 8, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting took place where the board
discussed issues relating to the merger. It was determined that significant
shareholders of both companies should be restricted from selling INVESTools
common stock for some period of time after the merger. It was also proposed
that William D. Savoy, Chairman of the board of directors of Telescan, and
Messrs. Barba, Elder and Jardine should be appointed as board members to the
INVESTools board of directors.

     On January 15-17, 2001, Messrs. Helbling and Wadsworth, Ms. Thompson and
representatives of Arthur Andersen LLP traveled to Provo to review the
financial records and other information relating to ZiaSun.

     On February 1-2, 2001, Jones Waldo Holbrook & McDonough, P.C. performed a
due diligence review of Telescan in Houston.


     During the months of January and February 2001, as a result of due
diligence by management and outside counsel, Telescan requested that ZiaSun
(i) begin the process to rescind the offering of ZiaSun common stock to the
shareholders of Seminar Marketing Group, Inc., (ii) renegotiate its
obligations to The McKenna Group and its related funds, MKZ Fund, LLC ("MKZ")
and MVA and (iii) more vigorously pursue the divestment of ZiaSun's Asian
assets. During that period ZiaSun's board of directors reviewed Telescan's
business-to-business operations and expressed concern about costs and
cash-flow needs relating to those operations. Representatives of ZiaSun and
Telescan addressed various solutions on both a pre-merger and post-merger
basis.

     On February 26, 2001, the board of directors of Telescan met and
discussed the proposed transaction with ZiaSun. At this meeting, Telescan
management made a presentation to the Telescan board regarding the economics
and the terms of the proposed transaction with ZiaSun. The Telescan board
stated that they were favorably disposed to the transaction and instructed Mr.
Barba to continue his efforts in that regard.

                                     -32-

     On March 19, 2001, the board of directors of Telescan held a telephonic
meeting to discuss the transaction with ZiaSun. The board was informed that
the parties had determined that neither party would be prepared to enter into
an agreement until both parties had filed their annual reports on Form 10-K
and had an opportunity to review the financial records underlying the
preparation of the annual reports on Form 10-K.
On March 20, 2001, Mr. Jones met with Mr. Helbling in Houston, Texas to
conduct due diligence.

     On March 22, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting took place where the INVESTools
employment agreements for Messrs. Elder and Jardine were discussed. The board
also considered the proxy solicitation and the make-up of the INVESTools board
of directors.

     On March 30, 2001, ZiaSun filed with the Securities Exchange Commission
(the "SEC") for an extension on the time for filing its annual report on Form
10-K.

     On April 2, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting was held to discuss open audit
items for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2000.

     On April 6, 2001, Mr. Jones went to the Houston offices of Arthur
Andersen LLP, to review Telescan's audit work papers.

     On April 10, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting took place and discussions were
held regarding the disposition of the 2000 audit and projected Form 10-K
filing date. ZiaSun filed its Form 10-K on April 17, 2001.

     On April 11, 2001, the board of directors of Telescan held a board
meeting at which Mr. Barba updated them on the status of negotiations with
ZiaSun.

     On April 17-18, 2001, Ms. Thompson and a representative of Arthur
Andersen LLP traveled to Los Angeles to review the 2000 audit papers at the
offices of BDO Siedman, LLP, ZiaSun auditors for 2000.


     During the latter part of April, ZiaSun and the former shareholders of
OIA (including Messrs. Elder and Jardine) held discussions as to whether, and
in what amount, the earn-out relating to the acquisition of OIA should be
adjusted in light of an accrual for potential sales taxes applicable to OIA
recently included in ZiaSun's financial statements. See "ZiaSun Management
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations--Overview." In addition to the adjustment to the OIA earn-out,
during this period Messrs. Barba, Elder, Jardine, Hans von Meiss, the chairman
of the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of ZiaSun, and Stephen
Wood, the chairman of the Compensation Committee of Telescan, held a number of
discussions regarding the compensation arrangements for Messrs. Barba, Elder
and Jardine after consummation of the merger. To assist in these discussions
Arthur Andersen LLP was engaged to provide an independent review of
compensation provided by similarly-sized companies.

     On April 26, 2001, the Telescan board held a telephonic meeting at which
the status of the negotiations between the parties and the terms of the merger
were discussed. At this meeting the Telescan board discussed the terms of the
merger agreement.

     On April 30, 2001, a ZiaSun board meeting took place and discussions were
held on the current status of the OIA earn-out, due diligence on Telescan, the
merger exchange ratio and the lock-up agreements for certain Telescan
shareholders.

     From April 30 to May 2, 2001, Mr. Barba met with Messrs. Elder and
Jardine in Provo, to finalize the terms of the transaction, the OIA earn-out
and the compensation arrangements to be entered into with Messrs. Elder and
Jardine after the merger.

     On May 2, 2001, at a telephonic meeting the board of directors of
Telescan determined that the merger was in the best interests of Telescan and
its shareholders, unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger and
unanimously recommended that the stockholders of Telescan vote for the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement. On May 3, 2001, the board of
directors of ZiaSun determined that the merger was in the best interests of
ZiaSun and its shareholders, unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
merger and unanimously recommended that the stockholders of ZiaSun vote for
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement.

                                     -33-

     The parties signed the merger agreement on May 3, 2001, after which a
press release was issued announcing the transaction.

ZiaSun's Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of ZiaSun's Board of Directors

     The ZiaSun board of directors has determined that the merger, the merger
agreement and each of the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement
are fair to and in the best interests of ZiaSun and its stockholders.

     In reaching its conclusion to approve the merger agreement, the ZiaSun
board of directors, with the assistance of outside financial and legal
advisors considered a number of factors including, among others, the following
principal factors:

     o    Telescan's network of e-finance and financial data content providers
          could be employed to leverage horizontal and vertical expansion
          opportunities for the combined companies;

     o    the current and historical business, operations, properties, assets,
          financial condition and operating results of ZiaSun and its review
          of the prospects of Telescan, including the prospects of Telescan
          after giving effect to the merger;

     o    the projected operations, financial condition, operating results,
          prospects and strategic objectives of ZiaSun, as well as the risks
          involved in achieving those prospects and objectives in the
          e-finance and investor education industry under current, as well as
          expected future, economic and market and industry conditions;

     o    the various strategic alternatives available to ZiaSun, including
          continuing its business operations without any extraordinary
          transaction;

     o    the greater managerial and financial capabilities of the combined
          companies;

     o    Telescan's network of financial industry and e-finance relationships
          that could be expected to create enhanced access to capital on more
          favorable terms than were previously available to ZiaSun;

          that could provide enhanced access to new technologies and consumers
          that are compatible with ZiaSun's existing distribution channels and
          therefore could be employed to leverage horizontal and vertical
          expansion opportunities for the combined companies;

     o    access to Telescan's proprietary intellectual property;

     o    the increased size and market capitalization of the combined
          companies and their expected favorable impact on stockholder
          liquidity; and

     o    Telescan's frequent contact with e-finance and financial data
          content companies could generate investment and acquisition
          possibilities for the combined companies.

     The ZiaSun board reviewed the principal terms and conditions of the
merger agreement, including the representations, warranties and covenants and
the conditions to each party's obligation to complete the merger. The ZiaSun
board also with its financial and legal advisors considered the events
surrounding Messrs. Elder and Jardine, particularly in light of the fact that
Messrs. Elder and Jardine may have interests in the merger that are different
from or are in addition to the interest of the other ZiaSun stockholders; the
amount of the termination fee and the events triggering the payment of such
fee; and the limitation on the ability of ZiaSun to negotiate with other
companies regarding an alternative transaction, and the potential effects that
this limitation would have on ZiaSun's receipt of alternative proposals that
could be superior to the merger with Telescan. The ZiaSun board considered
favorably that the terms of the merger agreement are reasonable and protective
of ZiaSun's interests.

                                     -34-

     The ZiaSun board reviewed pro forma financial data for ZiaSun and
Telescan after giving effect to the merger. The ZiaSun board considered
favorably the expectation that ZiaSun might be able to leverage its investor
educational model by offering such model to Telescan's significant network of
financial industry and e-finance partners.


     The ZiaSun board received reports from its management as to the results
of the due diligence investigation of Telescan and determined that these
reports did not contain matters that would preclude its approval of the
merger.

     The ZiaSun board also considered the following risks and additional
factors relating to the merger:

     o    the risk that the benefits sought in the merger would not be fully
          achieved;

     o    the risk that the merger would not be consummated;

     o    Telescan's post-merger cash flow needs may require additional cash
          infusions from ZiaSun to continue Telescan's current level of
          operations as Telescan has not been profitable for the past five
          years;

     o    possible post-merger resignations of Telescan's senior management;

     o    e-finance and investor educational models created or developed by
          ZiaSun may not be compatible with Telescan's established
          distribution channels or the abilities and skills of Telescan's
          sales personnel;

     o    the need for substantial additional financing to achieve ZiaSun's
          goal of both vertical and horizontal expansion opportunities through
          leverage of Telescan's network of financial and e-finance industry
          relationships; and

     o    the other applicable risks described in this joint proxy
          statement/prospectus under "Risk Factors."