Here are some potentially useful abbreviation definitions that could help with analyzing the 'Background' section:

Passage that defines the abbreviation 'OrthAlliance':
OrthAlliance, Inc. ("OrthAlliance"), a Delaware corporation, was
incorporated on October 21, 1996 and provides practice management and consulting
services to orthodontic and pediatric dental practices throughout the United
States. Effective prior to the closing of the initial public offering of shares
of OrthAlliance's Class A Common Stock (the "Offering" or "IPO"), Premier
Orthodontic Group, Inc. ("Premier") and US Orthodontic Care, Inc. ("USOC")
merged with and into OrthAlliance. In the merger, the outstanding common stock
of USOC and Premier converted into shares of Class A Common Stock ("Common
Stock") and shares of Class B Common Stock ("Class B Common Stock"). On August
26, 1997, OrthAlliance acquired (the "Acquisitions") simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO certain operating assets of or the stock of entities holding
certain tangible and intangible assets and assumed certain liabilities of 55
orthodontic practices in exchange for shares of Common Stock and cash. The
Acquisitions were accounted for in accordance with the Securities and Exchange
Commission's Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 48.

The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between OrthAlliance Inc & Orthodontic Centers of America:

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER (PAGE 31)

     In 1999, OrthAlliance began to explore various strategic alternatives to
enhance stockholder value, including a sale of the company to OCA or a financial
investor. During 2000, OrthAlliance engaged U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to advise
it in connection with these strategic alternatives and appointed special
committees of OrthAlliance's Board of Directors to evaluate these alternatives
and consider various acquisition proposals. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray contacted
a number of financial investors about their interest in acquiring OrthAlliance,
and OrthAlliance engaged in discussions with several financial investors and OCA
about a potential transaction. In October 2000, OrthAlliance was contacted by a
potential financial buyer about the possibility of engaging in a "going private"
transaction involving OrthAlliance's affiliated practitioners. OrthAlliance
continued to negotiate with this potential financial buyer until it indicated on
May 8, 2001 that it was no longer interested in pursuing a transaction with
OrthAlliance. In April 2001, OCA contacted OrthAlliance to explore a potential
merger of the two companies. During April and May 2001, representatives of OCA
and OrthAlliance had several discussions and meetings about a potential merger
and negotiated the terms of a merger agreement.

     On May 16, 2001, OCA's Board of Directors and OrthAlliance's special
committee and Board of Directors each met in separate special meetings to
consider the proposed merger between OrthAlliance and OCA and the terms of the
proposed merger agreement. OCA's Board of Directors and OrthAlliance's

special committee and Board of Directors received presentations from their
respective financial advisors, legal counsel, accountants and management
regarding the merger. Following these presentations and discussion among the
members of the respective boards of directors and OrthAlliance's special
committee, the merger agreement was separately approved by OCA's Board of
Directors and by OrthAlliance's special committee and Board of Directors on May
16, 2001.

WHY OCA AND ORTHALLIANCE ARE SEEKING TO MERGE (PAGES 37 AND 40)

     The merger will combine the strengths of OCA and OrthAlliance. With
OrthAlliance becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of OCA, the companies should be
able to achieve superior financial performances compared to each company
operating independently. One reason for this is that the combined companies are
expected to increase revenue growth by adding over 200 orthodontists and
pediatric dentists to OCA's existing base of over 400 affiliated orthodontists.
The combined companies should also provide an increase in operating margin
because OCA would be able to leverage its computer and operating systems and
other resources over a larger base of affiliated practitioners.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF OCA FOLLOWING THE MERGER (PAGE 89)

     If the merger is completed, one of the directors of OrthAlliance will be
appointed by OCA's Board of Directors to serve as a director of OCA. That
director will be selected by the Boards of Directors of OCA and OrthAlliance.
Following the merger, Bartholomew F. Palmisano, Sr., currently the Chairman of
the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of OCA, would continue to serve
in those positions.

FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES (PAGE 53)

     The merger has been structured as a tax-free reorganization for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, OrthAlliance stockholders generally
will not recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the
exchange of their OrthAlliance Class A and Class B common stock for OCA common
stock in the merger, except for OrthAlliance stockholders who receive cash
instead of fractional shares of OCA common stock or OrthAlliance Class B
stockholders who exercise their appraisal rights under Delaware law. OCA and
OrthAlliance, as well as current OCA stockholders, will not recognize any gain
or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger.
Determining the actual tax consequences of the merger to you can be complicated,
and will depend on your specific situation and many variables not within our
control. Accordingly, we strongly urge you to consult your own tax advisor for a
full understanding of the merger's tax consequences.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT (PAGE 53)

     We expect that the merger will be treated as a purchase transaction under
generally accepted accounting principles for accounting and financial reporting
purposes.

ORTHALLIANCE'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR SAID THAT THE PROPOSED MERGER
CONSIDERATION WAS FAIR TO ORTHALLIANCE STOCKHOLDERS FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF
VIEW (PAGE 41)

     U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray rendered an opinion to a special committee of
the Board of Directors of OrthAlliance that, as of the date of the opinion, the
merger consideration proposed to be received by the stockholders of OrthAlliance
was fair from a financial point of view to the stockholders of OrthAlliance.
This opinion is attached as Annex C to this document. You should read it
carefully.

INTERESTS OF ORTHALLIANCE DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT IN THE MERGER (PAGE 54)

     Directors and executive officers of OrthAlliance will be issued shares of
OCA common stock in the merger on the same basis as other stockholders of
OrthAlliance. The following chart shows the number of

shares of OCA common stock that may be issued to directors and executive
officers of OrthAlliance in the merger:

Shares of OrthAlliance Class A and Class B common stock,
  including stock options exercisable within 60 days,
  beneficially owned by OrthAlliance executive officers and
  directors on June 30, 2001................................   820,007
Maximum number of shares of OCA common stock that may be
  received in the merger by OrthAlliance officers and
  directors, based upon this beneficial ownership and the
  maximum exchange ratio....................................   135,998

     W. Dennis Summers, the Chairman of the Board and Interim President and
Chief Executive Officer of OrthAlliance, is a participant in OrthAlliance's stay
bonus and severance plan whereby, if Mr. Summers' employment is terminated for
any reason within 12 months following the completion of the merger, he would
receive payment of $200,000. In addition, Mr. Summers is to receive a stay bonus
equal to $33,333 at the earlier of three months following the completion of the
merger or termination of his employment by OrthAlliance for any reason other
than for cause following the completion of the merger. Various other
non-executive officers and employees of OrthAlliance are also participants in
this stay bonus and severance plan.
Various other officers of OrthAlliance, including Paul H. Hayase, Senior
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of OrthAlliance, Stephen M. Toon,
Senior Vice President and Chief Development Officer of OrthAlliance, and James
C. Wilson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OrthAlliance,
are parties to severance or employment agreements with OrthAlliance under which
they may be entitled to severance payments and benefits upon termination of
their employment following a change in control of OrthAlliance. We anticipate
that the merger would be a change in control for purposes of these agreements.

     Dr. Randall K. Bennett, Dr. Larry D. Dormois, Dr. Douglas D. Durbin, Dr.
Raymond G. W. Kubisch and Dr. Stephen G. Tracey, each of whom is a director of
OrthAlliance and an orthodontist or pediatric dentist affiliated with
OrthAlliance, are eligible to receive various financial incentives that OCA is
offering to OrthAlliance affiliated orthodontists and pediatric dentists who
amend their employment agreement and service or consulting agreement with
OrthAlliance as provided in the merger agreement, or who enter into OCA's form
of business services agreement effective as of the merger. These incentives,
which consist of varying amounts of OCA common stock, are conditioned on, among
other things, the completion of the merger. As of the date of this Proxy
Statement/Prospectus,           of these directors have amended their employment
agreement and service or consulting agreement, and are eligible to be granted
shares of OCA common stock if the merger is completed.

ORTHALLIANCE CLASS B STOCKHOLDERS HAVE APPRAISAL RIGHTS (PAGE 26)

     Holders of OrthAlliance Class B common stock have the right to exercise
appraisal rights and to receive payment in cash for the fair value of their
shares of OrthAlliance Class B common stock as determined by the Delaware
Chancery Court. Holders of Class B common stock have appraisal rights under
Delaware law because these shares are neither publicly traded nor held of record
by more than 2,000 holders. The fair value of shares of OrthAlliance Class B
common stock as determined by the Delaware Chancery Court may be more or less
than, or the same as, the value of the OCA common stock to be received by
holders of OrthAlliance Class A common stock and OrthAlliance Class B common
stock who do not exercise appraisal rights. To exercise appraisal rights,
holders of OrthAlliance Class B common stock must precisely follow certain
procedures, or the appraisal rights may be lost. These procedures are described
in this Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the relevant provisions of Delaware law,
and include the requirement that the stockholders file certain notices with
OrthAlliance and refrain from voting their shares in favor of the merger. If
they exercise their appraisal rights, their shares of OrthAlliance Class B
common stock will not be exchanged for shares of OCA common stock in the merger,
and their only right will be to receive the appraised fair value of their shares
of OrthAlliance Class B common stock in cash. A copy of the Delaware statute
describing these appraisal rights and the procedures for exercising them is

attached as Annex B to this Proxy Statement/Prospectus. OrthAlliance Class B
stockholders who perfect their appraisal rights and receive cash in exchange for
their shares of OrthAlliance Class B common stock may recognize gain or loss for
U.S. federal income tax purposes.

     OrthAlliance Class A stockholders do not have the right under Delaware law
to exercise appraisal rights because OrthAlliance Class A common stock is
publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market National Market System.

WE MUST MEET SEVERAL CONDITIONS TO COMPLETE THE MERGER (PAGE 58)

     The completion of the merger depends on a number of conditions being met,
including the following:

     - Stockholders of OrthAlliance approving the merger;

     - The New York Stock Exchange listing the shares of OCA common stock to be
       issued to OrthAlliance stockholders;

     - Receipt of all required approvals and the expiration of any regulatory
       waiting periods;

     - The absence of any governmental order blocking completion of the merger
       or of any proceedings by a government body trying to block it;

     - Receipt of opinions of legal counsel to OCA and OrthAlliance that the
       merger will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a tax-free
       reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code;

     - The absence of any material adverse effect on OCA and OrthAlliance in
       general; and


     - At least 56 of 184 designated OrthAlliance affiliated professionals, and
       a number of those OrthAlliance affiliated professionals representing at
       least 30% of OrthAlliance's annual service fees, amending their
       respective employment agreement and OrthAlliance service or consulting
       agreement on terms specified in the merger agreement. As of             ,
       2001,           of these designated orthodontists and pediatric dentists,
       along with their respective professional entity, have amended their
       respective employment agreements and OrthAlliance service or consulting
       agreements, representing   % of OrthAlliance's service fees during the 12
       months ended March 31, 2001, which exceeded the minimum amounts required
       under this condition. These amounts, however, may change prior to
       completion of the merger.

     In cases where the law permits, a party to the merger agreement could elect
to waive a condition that has not been satisfied and complete the merger
although the party is entitled not to complete the merger. We cannot be certain
whether or when any of these conditions will be satisfied (or waived, where
permissible), or that the merger will be completed.

WE MAY TERMINATE THE MERGER AGREEMENT (PAGE 58)

     OrthAlliance and OCA can agree at any time to terminate the merger
agreement without completing the merger, even if the stockholders of
OrthAlliance have already voted to approve it.


     OCA can terminate the merger agreement if the Board of Directors of
OrthAlliance recommends, accepts or enters into an agreement or letter of intent
relating to an acquisition proposal other than the one described in this
document, or withdraws or modifies its recommendation of the merger agreement as
described in this document.

     OrthAlliance can terminate the merger agreement if its Board of Directors
elects to terminate the merger agreement solely to concurrently enter into an
agreement relating to an acquisition proposal that the Board determines in good
faith is more favorable than the one described in this document, after
determining in good faith that the failure to do so would violate the Board's
fiduciary duties and giving notice to OCA.

     Moreover, either OCA or OrthAlliance can terminate the merger agreement in
the following circumstances:

     - If the merger isn't completed by November 30, 2001;

     - If the stockholders of OrthAlliance do not approve the merger;

     - If the other party violates, in a significant way, any of its
       representations, warranties, covenants or obligations contained in the
       merger agreement; and

     - If the other party does not satisfy its conditions required to complete
       the merger, and these conditions have become incapable of being fulfilled
       or cured and have not been waived.

     Generally, a party can only terminate the merger agreement in one of these
situations if that party is not in violation of the merger agreement or if its
violations of the merger agreement are not the cause of the event permitting
termination.

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION (PAGE 66)


     Shares of OCA common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under
the symbol "OCA." On May 16, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public
announcement of the merger, OCA common stock closed at $29.50 per share. On
            , 2001, OCA common stock closed at $     per share. Of course, the
market price of OCA common stock is expected to fluctuate prior to and after
completion of the merger, while the exchange ratio, once determined, is fixed.
You should obtain current stock price quotations for OCA common stock.

     Shares of OrthAlliance Class A common stock are quoted on the Nasdaq Stock
Market National Market System under the symbol "ORAL." On May 16, 2001, the last
full trading day prior to the public announcement of the merger, OrthAlliance
Class A common stock closed at $3.24 per share. On                       , 2001,
OrthAlliance Class A common stock closed at $     per share. Of course, the
market price of OrthAlliance Class A common stock is expected to fluctuate prior
to and after completion of the merger, while the exchange ratio, once
determined, is fixed. You should obtain current stock price quotations for
OrthAlliance Class A common stock. Shares of OrthAlliance Class B common stock
are not publicly traded.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS MAY PROVE INACCURATE (PAGE 95)

     This document, and other documents to which you are referred in this
document, contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and
uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include information about
possible or assumed future results of our operations or the performance of the
combined companies after the merger. Forward-looking statements generally refer
to a future period and/or include any of the words "believes," "expects,"
"anticipates," "should," "would," "will," "estimates," "plans" or "intends" or
similar expressions. Many possible events or factors could affect each of our
future financial results and performance and that of the combined company after
the merger and could cause those results or performance to differ materially
from those expressed in forward-looking statements. These possible events or
factors include the following:

     - Problems or delays in bringing us together, either before or after the
       merger is completed;

     - Legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties;

     - Economic, political and competitive forces affecting our businesses,
       markets, constituencies or securities; and

     - Inaccuracies in our analyses of these risks and forces, and lack of
       success of strategies developed to deal with them.

COMPARATIVE UNAUDITED PER SHARE DATA




     The following table shows information, for the periods indicated, about
OCA's and OrthAlliance's historical net income per share, dividends per share
and book value per share. The table also provides similar information that
reflects the merger of OCA and OrthAlliance (which is referred to as "pro forma"
information). In presenting the comparative pro forma information for certain
time periods, we have assumed the use of the purchase method of accounting. In
addition, the table provides "pro forma equivalent" information for
OrthAlliance, which was obtained by multiplying the OCA and OrthAlliance pro
forma amounts by assumed exchange ratios of 0.09214 and 0.16585 (the minimum and
maximum amounts of the exchange ratio). It is intended to reflect the fact that
OrthAlliance stockholders will be receiving less than one share of OCA common
stock for each share of OrthAlliance common stock exchanged in the merger.

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE:

                                                              DECEMBER 31,   MARCH 31,
                                                                  2000         2001
                                                              ------------   ---------