The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between MessageMedia Inc & DoubleClick Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

    During the first week of January 2001, Court Cunningham, DoubleClick's Vice
President and General Manager of DARTMail Technology, called A. Laurence Jones,
MessageMedia's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mary Beth Loesch,
MessageMedia's Senior Vice President Corporate Development, to set up a meeting
on January 8, 2001 to discuss ways in which DoubleClick and MessageMedia could
potentially work together. At this meeting, Mr. Cunningham provided a high level
overview of DoubleClick's strategy in email marketing.

    On January 18, 2001, Mr. Cunningham and David Rosenblatt, DoubleClick's
President of Technology, Data and Research, called Mr. Jones and Ms. Loesch to
express DoubleClick's interest in continuing discussions with MessageMedia.

    On February 6, 2001, during a regularly scheduled meeting of the
MessageMedia board of directors, the board discussed strategic options for
MessageMedia, including a business combination with DoubleClick. After the
meeting, Gerald Poch, Co-Chairman of the MessageMedia board of directors, called
Kevin Ryan, DoubleClick's Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Jones called Mr.
Cunningham. The parties agreed to schedule a subsequent meeting with several
senior executives of each company.
On February 21, 2001, Messrs. Ryan, Rosenblatt and Cunningham, Jeffrey
Epstein, Executive Vice President of DoubleClick, Jonathan Shapiro,
DoubleClick's Senior Vice President of Strategy, Jennifer Haggerty, Director of
Corporate Development at DoubleClick and Steven Cohn, an analyst in the
Corporate Development group of DoubleClick, met at DoubleClick's New York
offices with Messrs. Poch and Jones and Ms. Loesch to discuss the operations and
business strategies of MessageMedia and DoubleClick.

    Based on the previous day's discussions, on February 22, 2001, Mses.
Haggerty and Loesch executed a mutual confidentiality agreement on behalf of
DoubleClick and MessageMedia.

    On March 16, 2001, Ms. Haggerty discussed the preliminary terms of a
potential acquisition of MessageMedia with Mr. Poch and separately with Ms.
Loesch.

    On March 20, 2001, Mr. Cunningham and Scott Knoll, DoubleClick's Vice
President of Operations, Global TechSolutions, met at MessageMedia's offices in
Louisville, Colorado with Mr. Jones, Ms. Loesch and Prabhuling Patel,
MessageMedia's Senior Vice President and General Manager of Online Marketing and
Communications. At this meeting, Mr. Cunningham and Mr. Knoll learned more about
MessageMedia's products and services.

    On March 23, 2001, Jeremy Palley, an associate in the Corporate Development
group of DoubleClick, called Ms. Loesch and made a verbal non-binding offer for
DoubleClick to acquire MessageMedia in a stock-for-stock exchange. Following
this discussion, Ms. Haggerty submitted a non-binding indication of interest and
term sheet to Ms. Loesch.

    On March 27, 2001, the MessageMedia board of directors met to discuss a
potential combination with DoubleClick. Between March 27 and March 30, 2001, a
series of telephone conversations took place between senior representatives of
DoubleClick and MessageMedia to discuss the terms of a potential business
combination. On March 30, 2001, MessageMedia and DoubleClick determined that the
stage of their discussions justified commencing mutual due diligence and the
negotiation of definitive documentation, all subject to the approval of each
company's board of directors. On March 30, 2001, MessageMedia entered into a
limited duration exclusivity agreement with DoubleClick.

    On April 2 and April 3, 2001, a team from DoubleClick and attorneys from
Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP, DoubleClick's legal counsel, met with
representatives from MessageMedia and with

attorneys from Cooley Godward LLP, MessageMedia's legal counsel, at the offices
of Cooley Godward in Broomfield, Colorado. The purpose of these meetings was to
conduct business, financial and legal due diligence.

    On April 5, 2001, Mr. Ryan telephoned Mr. Jones, and Ms. Haggerty telephoned
Ms. Loesch, to inform them that DoubleClick was not interested in pursuing a
business combination with MessageMedia based on then current business
conditions, and the parties terminated the exclusivity agreement. On April 11,
2001, Ms. Haggerty confirmed with Ms. Loesch that DoubleClick was not interested
in pursuing a transaction with MessageMedia.
On April 12, 2001, the MessageMedia board of directors met during a
regularly scheduled meeting and engaged Stephens Inc. to act as MessageMedia's
financial advisor, including advising the board as to financial and strategic
alternatives. In late April 2001, Stephens solicited indications of interest for
the acquisition of MessageMedia and received indications of interest from a
number of parties. On May 2, 2001, MessageMedia received a call from an
enterprise web solutions company's financial advisor expressing such company's
interest in acquiring MessageMedia. MessageMedia executives and their financial
advisors met with this company and its financial advisors on May 11, 2001 at
MessageMedia's offices in Louisville, Colorado. On May 15, 2001, MessageMedia
executives and their financial advisors again met with this company to discuss
terms of a potential business combination.

    On May 16, 2001, the MessageMedia board of directors met to discuss the
proposed transaction with the enterprise web solutions company and the status
of other firms that had expressed an interest in acquiring MessageMedia to
Stephens during its marketing process. The discussion focused on the strategic
fit of the potential acquirers, such as cross-selling opportunities, the
strength of the potential acquirers' financial condition, the ability to
increase the scale and scope of the operations of the combined entity and
efficiencies that could be achieved through a combination. The board of
directors authorized Mr. Jones to continue discussions with the enterprise web
solutions company and also to contact DoubleClick before entering into an
exclusive arrangement with the enterprise web solutions company.
Following the May 16, 2001 MessageMedia board meeting, Mr. Jones placed
calls to Messrs. Ryan and Epstein at DoubleClick to determine whether
DoubleClick would be interested in acquiring MessageMedia. On May 17, 2001, Mr.
Jones, Ms. Loesch, William Buchholz, MessageMedia's Senior Vice President,
Finance and Administration, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, and Pat
Hayes, MessageMedia's Director Financial Planning, had a telephone conference
call with Mr. Cunningham and William Mills, DoubleClick's Vice President of
Corporate Development, to provide an update on the MessageMedia business.

    On May 18, 2001, Ms. Haggerty and Mr. Cunningham called Ms. Loesch to
further discuss the update on the MessageMedia business and the potential terms
of a business combination. Ms. Haggerty then delivered a non-binding term sheet
to Ms. Loesch which reflected the terms discussed. Over the next few days,
representatives from DoubleClick and MessageMedia held a series of telephone
conversations to discuss the potential terms of a business combination.

    On May 21, 2001, Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison delivered an initial draft of
the merger agreement to MessageMedia and Cooley Godward. That same day,
representatives of DoubleClick, Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, Cooley Godward and
MessageMedia resumed business, financial and legal due diligence of MessageMedia
and DoubleClick at the Broomfield, Colorado offices of Cooley Godward. The due
diligence inspections included numerous discussions between senior management of
both companies regarding various business, financial, operational and technical
issues involved in combining the companies.
On May 24, 2001, Messrs. Ryan, Epstein, Rosenblatt and Cunningham, Ms.
Haggerty, Elizabeth Wang, Vice President and General Counsel of DoubleClick,
Bruce Dalziel, Vice President of Finance and Operations, Tech, Data and Research
at DoubleClick and Benjamin Naftalis, an analyst in the Corporate Development
group of DoubleClick, discussed the proposed transaction at a meeting of
DoubleClick's board of directors. DoubleClick's board engaged in a full
discussion of the terms of the proposed merger, including the strategic benefits
of the combination, financial and legal analyses, the terms and conditions of
the proposed merger agreement and the analyses and opinion of DoubleClick's

management. Following the discussion, the DoubleClick board of directors
approved the terms of the merger, including the issuance of DoubleClick common
stock in the merger, and authorized management to continue to negotiate the
final terms of the merger agreement and related agreements. That same day,
MessageMedia's management determined that a combination with DoubleClick
represented the most attractive strategic alternative then available to
MessageMedia, and DoubleClick and MessageMedia entered into a second limited
duration exclusivity agreement. Representatives of DoubleClick and
MessageMedia then began to negotiate the merger agreement. These discussions
continued that week and throughout the next week.

    Beginning May 30, 2001, the parties convened at the Broomfield, Colorado
offices of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison to finalize the documentation of the
merger.

    On May 30, 2001, the MessageMedia board of directors held a special meeting
to discuss the proposed business combination. Attorneys from Cooley Godward
reviewed the principal terms of the merger agreement and the related agreements
with the board. MessageMedia's management, legal counsel and financial advisors
reported on the results of their due diligence reviews of DoubleClick. Stephens
then made a presentation to the MessageMedia board of directors regarding the
financial analyses it performed in connection with its opinion and stated orally
that Stephens was prepared to render a written opinion to the effect that, based
on the assumptions made, matters considered and limits of its review set forth
in its opinion, the share exchange ratio in the merger was fair to
MessageMedia's disinterested stockholders from a financial point of view.
Following a discussion, the MessageMedia board of directors stated that it was
prepared to approve the final terms of the merger agreement and related
agreements, subject to the resolution of several transaction issues. The meeting
was adjourned until May 31, 2001.

    On May 31, 2001, the MessageMedia board of directors (with Messrs. Diamond
and Duryea absent) reconvened the special meeting begun on May 30, 2001, and
MessageMedia's management, legal counsel and financial advisors updated the
MessageMedia board of directors on negotiations and related transaction issues.
Following the discussion, all members of the MessageMedia board of directors who
were present at the special meeting approved the terms of the merger agreement
and related agreements. All of MessageMedia's directors subsequently approved
the terms of the merger agreement in a unanimous written consent.

    On June 1, 2001, the merger agreement was signed and DoubleClick and
MessageMedia jointly announced the agreement to merge.

    DoubleClick subsequently decided to exercise its right, contained in
the merger agreement, to change the method of effecting the business combination
between DoubleClick and MessageMedia in order to minimize the risk of the merger
not qualifying as a tax-deferred 'reorganization' for United States federal
income tax purposes, as the parties originally intended. After discussions,
DoubleClick and MessageMedia determined that it would be advisable and in the
best interests of their respective companies and stockholders to merge
MessageMedia with and into DoubleClick, instead of merging Atlas Acquisition
Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of DoubleClick, with and into MessageMedia. On
June 26, 2001, DoubleClick, MessageMedia and Atlas Acquisition Corp. signed an
amendment to the merger agreement to reflect the change in structure.

DOUBLECLICK'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

    The DoubleClick board of directors unanimously determined that the merger is
fair to, and in the best interest of, DoubleClick and its stockholders.

    This determination was based on several potential benefits of the merger
that the DoubleClick board believes will contribute to DoubleClick's success,
including:

     the ability to enhance DoubleClick's email technology business by making
     more innovative products available to more customers;

     the ability of DoubleClick to sell MessageMedia's products and services
     through DoubleClick's substantially larger sales network and large customer
     base, and to sell its own products and services to MessageMedia's
     customers;

     the quality and loyalty of MessageMedia's customer base;

     the perceived value of MessageMedia's business relative to the value of the
     merger consideration;

     MessageMedia's skilled workforce; and



     the ability of DoubleClick to enhance MessageMedia's products and services
     with added features and better meet the needs of MessageMedia's existing
     and future customer base.

    The DoubleClick board of directors reviewed a number of factors in
evaluating the merger, including, but not limited to, the following:

     information concerning DoubleClick's and MessageMedia's respective
     businesses, customers, prospects, strategic business plans, financial
     performance and condition, results of operations, technology positions,
     management and competitive positions;

     the due diligence investigation of MessageMedia conducted by DoubleClick's
     management and legal advisors;

     DoubleClick management's view of the positive results of combining the
     operations and businesses of DoubleClick and MessageMedia;

     the current financial market conditions and historical stock market prices,
     volatility and trading information of MessageMedia and DoubleClick; and

     the impact of the merger on DoubleClick's customers and employees.

    During the course of its deliberations concerning the merger, the
DoubleClick board also identified and considered a variety of potentially
negative factors that could materialize as a result of the merger, including the
following:

     the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
     realized;

     the possibility that the merger might not be completed;

     risks related to retaining key MessageMedia employees;

     risks related to retaining key MessageMedia customers;

     the effect of the public announcement of the merger on MessageMedia's
     business, including its employees and customers; and

     the uncertainty concerning the liabilities of MessageMedia
     Europe, B.V.




    The DoubleClick board of directors concluded that these factors were
outweighed by the potential benefits to be gained by the merger. In view of the
wide variety of factors, both positive and negative, considered by the
DoubleClick board of directors, the directors did not find it practical to, and
did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors
discussed above.

MESSAGEMEDIA'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER; UNANIMOUS RECOMMENDATION OF
MESSAGEMEDIA'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN FAVOR OF THE MERGER

    The MessageMedia board of directors determined to enter into the merger
agreement and to recommend that MessageMedia stockholders approve the merger
agreement in pursuit of MessageMedia's strategy to join with a company with a
strong commitment to the email marketing business.

    The decision of the MessageMedia board of directors was the result of its
careful consideration of a range of strategic alternatives, including potential
business combinations with DoubleClick and other companies, in the pursuit of
its long-term business strategy.

    The MessageMedia board of directors' primary consideration was to identify
and secure the alternative that would provide the best strategic fit for
MessageMedia and to provide long-term stockholder value to MessageMedia
stockholders. In this regard, the MessageMedia board of directors concluded that
a combination with DoubleClick represents the best transaction among other

alternatives considered by the MessageMedia board of directors. In reaching this
determination, the MessageMedia board of directors considered the following
factors:

     the price per share implied by the exchange ratio in the merger, based on
     DoubleClick's 10-day average closing stock price ending May 31, 2001, which
     the MessageMedia board of directors determined represents: (A) a premium of
     40% over the closing price of MessageMedia common stock as of the last
     trading day prior to the announcement of the merger and (B) a premium of
     42% over the average closing price of MessageMedia common stock in the 10
     trading days prior to the announcement of the merger;

     the exchange ratio in the merger and the implied per share price, which
     compares favorably according to a number of applicable valuation
     methodologies, including the analysis of companies comparable to
     MessageMedia and transactions comparable to the merger used by Stephens in
     connection with providing its fairness opinion to the MessageMedia board of
     directors; and

     the opinion of Stephens delivered in writing on May 31, 2001, that as of
     May 31, 2001, and subject to assumptions made, matters considered and
     limitations on the review set forth in its opinion, the share exchange
     ratio in the merger is fair to MessageMedia's disinterested stockholders
     from a financial point of view. Please see ' -- Opinion of MessageMedia's
     Financial Advisor.'

    The MessageMedia board of directors also believes that the merger will
provide the opportunity for the combined company to:

     sell MessageMedia's products and services through DoubleClick's
     substantially larger sales network and large customer base, and sell
     DoubleClick's products and services to MessageMedia's customers;

     increase the scale and scope of the messaging business of the combined
     company; and


     achieve certain cost synergies and economies of scope and scale by
     eliminating duplicative costs.

    In reviewing its alternatives and making its determination to approve the
merger, the MessageMedia board of directors reviewed:

     the results of the due diligence review by MessageMedia's management, legal
     advisors and financial advisors regarding DoubleClick's business,
     operations, technology and financial and competitive position;

     the financial strength of DoubleClick;

     the expected notice from The Nasdaq National Market as to the delisting of
     MessageMedia's common stock;

     possible expansion opportunities for the combined company and the ability
     for the combined company to realize cost-reduction opportunities;

     the current and prospective business environment in which MessageMedia
     operates; and

     the competitive environment.

    The MessageMedia board of directors also reviewed with its legal advisors:

     the terms and conditions of the merger agreement;

     the terms and conditions of the stockholder agreements;

     the events triggering payment of the termination fee; and

     the limitations on the ability of MessageMedia to negotiate with other
     companies regarding an alternative transaction and the potential effect
     these provisions would have on MessageMedia receiving alternative proposals
     that could be superior to the merger with DoubleClick.

    The MessageMedia board of directors also considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger, including: