The following provides details about the events leading up to the merger deal between UroCor Inc & Dianon Systems Inc:
BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

      In September 1995, November 1997 and February 1998, Dianon and UroCor
executed mutual confidentiality agreements pursuant to which each party agreed
to hold in confidence information received concerning the other party in
connection with discussions between the parties concerning potential business
combination transactions. In March 1998 and April 1998, UroCor sent to Dianon
letters in which UroCor expressed preliminary interest in pursuing a business
combination with Dianon pursuant to an exchange of shares. Subsequent to
Dianon's receipt of these letters, representatives of our companies discussed
these matters. In August 1998, Dianon sent a letter to UroCor and made a public
announcement in which Dianon expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a
business combination with UroCor pursuant to a cash purchase by Dianon of UroCor
common stock for $7.50 per share. Subsequent to UroCor's

                                      I-38

                                                        CHAPTER ONE - THE MERGER

receipt of that letter, our companies held various discussions and exchanged
correspondence regarding these matters. In November 1998, we ceased these
discussions.



      At a UroCor board meeting on June 20, 2000, Michael W. George, UroCor's
president and chief executive officer, presented to the UroCor board an overview
of the company's historical, current and projected future plans for growth and
various factors enhancing and inhibiting the company's abilities and outlook to
promote future growth. In connection with that discussion, Mr. George advised
the UroCor board that the company's executive management recommended that the
company engage an investment banking firm to assist it in reviewing the
company's strategic plans for future growth. The UroCor board authorized the
company's management to continue to review these matters with the board and to
engage an investment banking firm to assist the company in the review.

      After discussion with the UroCor board members, pursuant to a unanimous
written consent of the UroCor board dated July 18, 2000, the UroCor board
engaged U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to assist the company in connection with its
review of its strategic plan for future growth.

      At a UroCor board meeting held August 15, 2000, Mr. George and the other
members of UroCor management discussed with the UroCor board the company's
review of its strategic plan. At that board meeting, representatives of U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray made a preliminary presentation to the UroCor board
regarding UroCor and other companies in UroCor's industry. The U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray representatives also discussed with the UroCor board the potential
for pursuing a business combination transaction as an alternative for maximizing
stockholder value. At the meeting, the UroCor board authorized UroCor management
and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to continue to review strategic alternatives
including potential business combination transactions with other companies.

      During the latter half of August 2001, UroCor management and U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray prepared a confidential offering memorandum describing UroCor and
its business for purposes of soliciting preliminary indications of interest from
potential acquirors. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and UroCor concurrently
identified a list of several parties, including Dianon, that might be interested
in pursuing a transaction with UroCor. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray subsequently
contacted these potential acquirors. Six of the potential acquirors, including
Dianon, reviewed and executed a confidentiality agreement and subsequently
received a copy of the confidential offering memorandum.

      On September 22, 2000, representatives of Dianon and UroCor had a
conference call which involved a preliminary discussion about UroCor's business.

      On September 29, 2000 representatives of UroCor made a presentation to
representatives of Dianon, which described certain strategic, operational and
financial information about UroCor.

      On October 13, 2000, Lazard made a presentation to the Dianon board which
reviewed a preliminary valuation analysis in connection with a potential
acquisition of UroCor.

                                      I-39


      At a special meeting of the Dianon board on October 13, 2000, the Dianon
board authorized Kevin C. Johnson, Dianon's president and chief executive
officer, to negotiate a letter of preliminary interest in pursuing a business
combination with UroCor.

      On October 16, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in which Dianon expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a
business combination with UroCor. In the October 16, 2000 letter, Dianon
proposed a price of $9.50 for each share of UroCor common stock in a pooling of
interests transaction. The October 16, 2000 letter stated that any transaction
would be conditioned on the settlement of the pending investigation of UroCor by
the Department of Justice in a manner that would not be deemed to have a
material adverse effect on UroCor. The October 16, 2000 letter also stated that
any transaction would be conditioned on UroCor's share price immediately prior
to announcement of a transaction not being materially different from its October
13, 2000 closing price of $7.00. Finally, the October 16, 2000 letter provided
for UroCor to grant Dianon an exclusive period of 30 days to conduct due
diligence on UroCor.
On October 17, 2000, U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray discussed with the UroCor
board its review of the company's strategic plan, including the status of
discussions with various parties regarding the potential for pursuing a business
combination transaction. The UroCor board also reviewed the October 16, 2000
letter from Dianon and discussed with UroCor's management and U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray the Dianon letter and the timing and scope of U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray's discussions with other companies compared to the status of the
discussions with Dianon. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray communicated that due
primarily to UroCor's pending DOJ investigation, none of the other companies
contacted were interested in pursuing a potential business combination
transaction. Following that discussion, the UroCor board authorized UroCor's
management and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray to communicate to Dianon and its
investment bankers that UroCor would be interested in discussing a potential
business combination transaction with Dianon subject to further discussion of an
appropriate purchase price for UroCor's shares of common stock, clarification of
certain provisions in the Dianon letter regarding resolution of the Department
of Justice matter and the removal of any conditions linking the proposed
acquisition price to changes in UroCor's common stock trading price.
On October 20, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in which Dianon again expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a
business combination with UroCor. The October 20, 2000 letter superseded the
October 16, 2000 letter. In the October 20, 2000 letter, Dianon proposed a fixed
exchange ratio of 0.3038 Dianon shares for each share of UroCor common stock in
a pooling of interests transaction. This equated to a price of $11.00 per share
based on Dianon's average closing share price over the prior 30 trading days.
The October 20, 2000 letter stated that any transaction would be conditioned on
settlement of the pending investigation of UroCor by the Department of Justice
in a manner that would not have a material adverse effect on UroCor or the
combined company, as determined in Dianon's sole discretion. Finally, the
October 20, 2000 letter provided for UroCor to grant Dianon an exclusive period
of 30 days to conduct due diligence of UroCor.

      Subsequent to UroCor's receipt of Dianon's October 20, 2000 letter,
UroCor's management and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Dianon's management and
Lazard engaged in various discussions regarding the provisions of that letter.

                                      I-40


      On October 29, 2000, members of Dianon's management and several directors
of Dianon held a telephonic meeting in which Lazard presented an updated
preliminary valuation analysis of UroCor.



      On October 30, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
business combination with UroCor. The October 30, 2000 letter superseded the
October 20, 2000 letter. The terms of Dianon's proposal were the same as in the
October 20, 2000 letter, except that the October 30, 2000 letter defined with
greater specificity the term "material adverse effect" and the circumstances
under which Dianon could conclude that settlement of UroCor's DOJ investigation
could have a material adverse effect on UroCor or the combined company. The
October 30, 2000 letter also provided for a thirty-day renewal of the
exclusivity period for Dianon to conduct due diligence of UroCor if UroCor had
not settled with the DOJ and Dianon continued in good faith to negotiate a
purchase of UroCor.

      Following UroCor's receipt of Dianon's October 30, 2000 letter, UroCor's
management and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray and Dianon's management and Lazard
engaged in various discussions regarding the terms of that letter.

      On November 2, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
business combination with UroCor. The November 2, 2000 letter superseded the
October 30, 2000 letter. The terms of Dianon's proposal were the same as in the
October 30, 2000 letter, except that Dianon agreed to notify UroCor if prior to
the end of the 30 day exclusivity period Dianon had determined not to proceed
with the transaction. After careful consideration of the Dianon letter compared
to the interests of other potential acquirors, on behalf of UroCor, Mr. George
executed the Dianon November 2, 2000 letter.

      During the week of November 6, 2000, Dianon, Lazard and Dianon's legal
counsel, Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft, delivered requests for documents to be
reviewed in connection with Dianon's due diligence review of UroCor.

      During the week of November 13, 2000, representatives of Dianon, Lazard
and Cadwalader, conducted a due diligence review of UroCor in Oklahoma City.

      During the week of November 20, 2000, Dianon and representatives of Lazard
contacted UroCor and representatives of UroCor to inform UroCor of Dianon's
preliminary due diligence findings, including that any transaction would likely
not qualify for pooling of interests accounting and that the DOJ's investigation
of UroCor had not been concluded to the satisfaction of Dianon.

      On December 6, 2000, the Dianon board met and management presented the
findings of its due diligence investigation of UroCor, including that any
transaction would likely not qualify for pooling of interests accounting and
that the DOJ's investigation of UroCor had not been concluded to the
satisfaction of Dianon. Based on the recommendation of management, the Dianon
board concluded that the UroCor acquisition should not be pursued.

                                      I-41


      On December 6, 2000, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray in which Dianon confirmed that Dianon and UroCor were no longer in
negotiations regarding a business combination.

      On February 16, 2001, UroCor announced that it had reached a tentative
settlement with the Department of Justice regarding the DOJ's investigation into
certain billing claims submitted by UroCor to Medicare and other federal and
state insurance programs. The settlement was subject to certain judicial and
governmental approvals.

      On February 20, 2001, the UroCor board met and management reviewed the
status of the company's evaluation of its strategic plan. During the meeting,
representatives of U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray updated the board regarding the
review of the strategic plan including the review of any potential business
combination transactions.

      During March 2001, representatives of UroCor and U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray identified another list of potential acquirors that might be interested
in a business combination transaction with UroCor. U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
subsequently contacted these companies. Ten of the companies contacted either
executed or were already bound by an existing confidentiality agreement. These
parties, including Dianon, were subsequently provided with updated financial and
operation information regarding UroCor.

      On April 3, 2001, UroCor received a preliminary, non-binding indication of
interest from another potential strategic acquiror interested in pursuing a
transaction with UroCor.

      On April 6, 2001, representatives of Dianon, UroCor, Lazard and U.S.
Bancorp Piper Jaffray held a conference call in which UroCor discussed the
status of the DOJ's investigation of UroCor and updated Dianon on UroCor's
therapeutic and diagnostic businesses.

      During the week of April 16, 2001, the other potential strategic acquiror
conducted a due diligence review of UroCor in Oklahoma City.

      On April 17, 2001, Lazard made a presentation to the Dianon board of
directors which reviewed a preliminary valuation analysis in connection with a
potential acquisition of UroCor. The board authorized Mr. Johnson to negotiate a
letter of preliminary interest in pursuing a business combination with UroCor
for a price of up to $13.00 per UroCor share.

      On April 19, 2001, the UroCor board met and U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
discussed with the board the current status of its work on behalf of UroCor,
including review of potential business combination transactions. U.S. Bancorp
Piper Jaffray reported to UroCor's board that due primarily to a lack of
strategic fit and UroCor's market value at the time, none of the other companies
transaction. Subsequent to that discussion, management discussed with the UroCor
board alternatives for UroCor's strategic plan including the review of potential
business combination transactions and other alternatives for growth including
initiating an acquisition strategy for both the company's diagnostic and
therapeutics businesses. In connection with that discussion, Mr. George noted
current limitations on UroCor with respect to pursuing those strategies, the
need for financing resources in connection with any such strategy and related
matters.

                                      I-42



      On April 20, 2001, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
in which Dianon expressed its preliminary interest in again pursuing a business
combination with UroCor. In the April 20, 2001, letter Dianon proposed an
acquisition price of between $12.00 and $13.00 per share and that approximately
50% of the consideration would be paid in Dianon common stock and the remainder
would be paid in cash. Finally, the April 20, 2001 letter provided for UroCor to
grant Dianon an exclusive period of 60 days to conduct due diligence of UroCor.

      After UroCor's receipt of Dianon's April 20, 2001 letter, UroCor's
engaged in various discussions regarding the provisions of that letter.

      On April 26, 2001, Mr. Johnson sent a letter to U.S. Bancorp Piper Jaffray
in which Dianon again expressed its preliminary interest in pursuing a business
combination with UroCor. The April 26, 2001 letter superseded the April 20, 2001
letter. In the April 26, 2001 letter, Dianon proposed to acquire UroCor at a
price of $13.00 per share. Dianon proposed that 60% of the consideration would
be in the form of Dianon common stock based on an exchange ratio of 0.3662 and
40% of the consideration would be in the form of cash. Dianon also stated in the
letter that it was prepared to discuss an all-stock transaction. Finally, in the
April 26, 2001 letter, Dianon reduced the exclusive period for due diligence to
30 days and agreed to permit UroCor to conduct due diligence on Dianon.