URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/933974/000095013501503917/0000950135-01-503917.txt

TH DR
		CITY:			CHELMSFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01824
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9782622400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 ELIZABETH DRIVE
		CITY:			CHELMSBORO
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01824

S-4

b41246bas-4.txt

BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.

   AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON DECEMBER 19, 2001

                                                     REGISTRATION NO. 333-
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ---------------------

                                    FORM S-4
            REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                            BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            DELAWARE                             3559                            04-3040660
  (State or other jurisdiction       (Primary standard industrial             (I.R.S. employer
of incorporation or organization)     classification code number)            identification no.)

                             ---------------------

                               15 ELIZABETH DRIVE
                        CHELMSFORD, MASSACHUSETTS 01824
                                 (978) 262-2400
   (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code of
                   registrant's principal executive offices)
                             ---------------------

                               ROBERT J. THERRIEN
                            BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.
                               15 ELIZABETH DRIVE
                        CHELMSFORD, MASSACHUSETTS 01824
                                 (978) 262-2400
 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)
                             ---------------------

                                   COPIES TO:

              LAWRENCE M. LEVY, ESQ.                             ROBERT L. BIRNBAUM, ESQ.
          BROWN, RUDNICK, FREED & GESMER                          FOLEY, HOAG & ELIOT LLP
               ONE FINANCIAL CENTER                               ONE POST OFFICE SQUARE
            BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02111                         BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS 02109
                  (617) 856-8200                                      (617) 832-1000

                             ---------------------

    APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE OF THE SECURITIES TO THE
PUBLIC:  As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes
effective and all other conditions of the proposed merger described herein have
been satisfied or waived.
    If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box.  [ ]
    If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.  [ ]
    If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.  [ ]

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           AMOUNT                PROPOSED           PROPOSED MAXIMUM
      TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF               TO BE             MAXIMUM OFFERING      AGGREGATE OFFERING         AMOUNT OF
   SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED         REGISTERED(1)        PRICE PER SHARE(2)          PRICE(2)           REGISTRATION FEE
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, $.01 par value per
  share...........................   16,120,000 shares            $19.99              $619,690,000             $148,106
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rights to Purchase Preferred
  Stock(3)........................           --                     --                     --                     --
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Based upon the estimated maximum number of shares of the Registrant's common
    stock issuable in the merger described herein to stockholders of PRI
    Automation, Inc. ("PRI").
(2) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee
    pursuant to Rules 457(c) and 457(f) under the Securities Act of 1933, as
    amended. This fee is based upon (i) $19.99, the average of the high and low
    sale prices per share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of PRI on
    the Nasdaq National Market on December 13, 2001 and (ii) 31,000,000, the
    estimated maximum number of shares of PRI common stock to be acquired by the
    Registrant pursuant to the merger assuming, among other things, that all
    outstanding options to acquire PRI common stock that vest on or before July
    31, 2002 are exercised prior to the merger.
(3) Pursuant to a Rights Agreement entered into in 1997, one right is deemed to
    be delivered with each share of common stock issued by the Registrant. The
    rights currently are not separately transferable apart from the common
    stock, nor are they exercisable until the occurrence of certain events.
    Accordingly, no independent value has been attributed to the rights.
                             ---------------------

     THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ACTING
PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE INFORMATION IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY
BE CHANGED. BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC. MAY NOT ISSUE THE COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED
IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS
NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY
THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED.

                SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED DECEMBER 19, 2001.

                                 [BROOKS LOGO]

                                          , 2002

Dear Brooks Stockholders:

    The Brooks Automation, Inc. 2002 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held
on March   , 2002 at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time at our corporate
headquarters, 15 Elizabeth Drive, in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. I would like to
explain the proposals that will be considered at the meeting and why I need you
to vote with management on these proposals.

    Proposal No. 1 asks for your vote in favor of the issuance of shares of
Brooks common stock to complete the transaction to acquire PRI Automation, Inc.
As you know, the semiconductor industry that we serve, while full of opportunity
and growth, poses many challenges with its rapidly changing technology and
cyclical economic trends. In this dynamic environment, it is essential for a
company to be able to provide more complete solutions and accelerate its
learning cycles, while strengthening its financial standing. One of the
important ways of accomplishing these objectives is through acquisitions of
other companies such as PRI. This acquisition is extremely complementary to the
existing Brooks product line and business structure, and only strengthens our
position as the leader in the highly competitive automation market. The new
company will be known as Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc., and will continue to be
traded under the symbol "BRKS." I urge you to vote in favor of Proposal No. 1.

    Upon your favorable vote for Proposal No. 1, you will be asked in Proposal
Nos. 4 and 5 to approve two amendments to our certificate of incorporation. The
first amendment (Proposal No. 4) will be an increase in the number of authorized
shares of Brooks common stock from 43,000,000 to 100,000,000, since the number
of shares outstanding and reserved for issuance would exceed the current
authorized limit if we complete the acquisition of PRI. This increase also would
allow the Brooks management team to have the financial instruments necessary to
continue to execute our strategy of growing the company and bringing value to
the stockholders. The second amendment (Proposal No. 5) will be the change in
the combined company's name to Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc. Also, after approving
of Proposal No. 1, you will be asked in Proposal No. 6 to amend Brooks' 1995
Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for
issuance from 750,000 to 1,500,000. It is important to know that these proposals
(Nos. 1, 4, 5 and 6) need your vote, and I urge you to vote "in favor" of them
all.

    In addition to your vote in favor of Proposal No. 1, we need your vote in
Proposal No. 3 to elect five directors to serve for the ensuing year. If
Proposal No. 1 is approved, we will expand the board from five to seven and
appoint two representatives from PRI Automation, Mitchell G. Tyson and Kenneth
M. Thompson, to serve for the ensuing year.

    In Proposal No. 7, we ask for your vote on the amendment of Brooks' 1993
Nonemployee Director Stock Option Plan to increase the number of shares of
Brooks common stock reserved for grants thereunder. If Proposal No. 1 is
approved, 500,000 additional shares will be reserved for issuance under the
Directors Plan and the size of the initial and annual grants made under that
plan will be increased. If Proposal No. 1 is not approved, 300,000 additional
shares will be reserved. Proposal No. 8 asks for your vote to amend our 2000
Combination Stock Option Plan to increase the number of shares of Brooks common
stock reserved for option grants. If Proposal No. 1 is approved, 5,000,000
additional shares would be reserved; or else if Proposal No. 1 is not approved,
2,000,000 additional shares would be reserved for this Plan. The purpose of
these increases is to enable Brooks to award stock options to its employees and
nonemployee directors. Without these additional shares, Brooks could be at a
disadvantage in attracting and retaining valuable persons necessary to achieve
success. I urge you to vote in favor of Proposal Nos. 7 and 8.

    Finally, Proposal No. 2 asks for your vote in favor of granting our
management team the authority to adjourn the Brooks annual meeting in the event
that we do not receive sufficient votes to approve Proposal Nos. 1 or 4, so that
our board of directors can solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposals.

    The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus provides detailed
information about Brooks and PRI and the merger, as well as each of the other
proposals described above. A copy of the merger agreement is included as
Appendix A to the joint proxy statement/prospectus. We have also enclosed a copy
of Brooks' annual report for 2001 which contains additional information about
Brooks. Please give all of this information your careful attention. In
particular, you should carefully consider the discussion in the section entitled
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 20 of the joint proxy statement/prospectus.

    Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"BRKS." On December 18, 2001, the last reported sale price of our common stock
was $42.10 per share.

    On behalf of the board of directors, I urge you strongly to vote in favor of
these proposals. Your vote is important to our company, and all items need to be
voted. For your convenience, I have summarized the proposals below.

                                      Sincerely,

                                      Robert J. Therrien
                                      President & Chief Executive Officer

    Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of this transaction or the securities of
Brooks to be issued in the merger, or determined if this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary
is a criminal offense.

    This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated          , and was first
mailed to stockholders on or about              .

               SUMMARY OF BROOKS ANNUAL MEETING BALLOT PROPOSALS

                                                                                MANAGEMENT
PROPOSAL NO.                                                                  RECOMMENDATION
- ------------                                                                  --------------

     1.        Approve the issuance of Brooks common stock in the              In Favor
               Brooks-PRI merger; the approval will include the approval of
               the appointment of Mitchell G. Tyson and Kenneth M.
               Thompson, two representatives from PRI, to the Brooks board
               of directors;
     2.        If necessary, adjourn the Brooks 2002 annual meeting until      In Favor
               sufficient votes to approve Proposal Nos. 1 and 4 are
               obtained;
     3.        Elect 5 directors to Brooks' board of directors;                In Favor
     4.        Increase the authorized number of shares of Brooks common       In Favor
               stock from 43,000,000 to 100,000,000 if Proposal No. 1 is
               approved;
     5.        Change the company name to Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc. if       In Favor
               Proposal No. 1 is approved;
     6.        Increase the number of shares of Brooks common stock            In Favor
               reserved for issuance under the 1995 employee stock purchase
               plan from 750,000 to 1,500,000 if Proposal No. 1 is
               approved;
     7.        Increase the number of shares of Brooks common stock            In Favor
               reserved for issuance under the 1993 nonemployee director
               stock option plan by an additional 500,000 shares and to
               increase the size of the initial and annual grants made
               under the plan if Proposal No. 1 is approved; otherwise,
               increase the shares reserved by an additional 300,000
               shares;
     8.        Increase the number of shares of Brooks common stock            In Favor
               reserved for issuance under the 2000 combination stock
               option plan by an additional 5,000,000 shares if Proposal
               No. 1 is approved; otherwise, increase the shares reserved
               by an additional 2,000,000 shares; and
     9.        Brooks stockholders will also consider any other matters
               that may properly come before the annual meeting or any
               adjournment or postponement of the annual meeting.

                  NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS OF

                            BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.
                          TO BE HELD ON MARCH   , 2002

     The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Brooks Automation, Inc. will be held
on March   , 2002 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the company's corporate
headquarters located at 15 Elizabeth Drive, Chelmsford, Massachusetts 01824, for
the following purposes:

          1.  To consider and vote upon the proposal to issue shares of Brooks
     common stock, par value $.01 per share, in the acquisition by Brooks of PRI
     Automation, Inc., in accordance with the Amended and Restated Agreement and
     Plan of Merger dated as of December 18, 2001, among Brooks, Pontiac
     Acquisition Corp., and PRI. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to
     this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix A.

          2.  To consider and vote upon a proposal to grant Brooks' management
     the discretionary authority to adjourn the annual meeting to a date or
     dates not later than April   , 2002, if necessary to enable Brooks'
     management to solicit additional proxies in favor of Proposal Nos. 1 and 4.

          3.  To elect five directors to serve for the ensuing year and until
     their successors are duly elected.

          4.  If Proposal No. 1 is approved, to consider and vote upon a
     proposal to amend Brooks' certificate of incorporation to increase the
     number of authorized shares of common stock from 43,000,000 to 100,000,000.
     Even if Proposal No. 4 is approved, the amendment to the certificate of
     incorporation will only take effect if the merger is completed.

          5.  If Proposal No. 1 is approved, to consider and vote upon a
     proposal to amend Brooks' certificate of incorporation to change the name
     of Brooks to "Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc." Even if Proposal No. 5 is
     approved, the amendment to the certificate of incorporation will only take
     effect if the merger is completed.

          6.  If Proposal No. 1 is approved, to consider and vote upon a
     proposal to amend Brooks' 1995 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the
     number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan from 750,000 to
     1,500,000. Even if Proposal No. 6 is approved, the amendment to the stock
     purchase plan will only take effect if the merger is completed.

          7.  To consider and vote upon a proposal to amend Brooks' 1993
     Nonemployee Director Stock Option Plan for the following purposes: (i) if
     Proposal No. 1 is approved, to increase the shares reserved for issuance
     thereunder from 190,000 to 690,000, and to effect additional changes
     relating to grants of options under the plan; or (ii) if Proposal No. 1 is
     not approved, to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under
     the plan from 190,000 to 490,000.

          8.  To consider and vote upon a proposal to amend Brooks' 2000
     Combination Stock Option Plan for the following purpose: (i) if Proposal
     No. 1 is approved, to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance
     under the plan from 1,000,000 to 6,000,000; or (ii) if Proposal No. 1 is
     not approved, to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under
     the plan from 1,000,000 to 3,000,000.

          9.  To transact such other business as may properly come before the
     meeting.

     The Board of Directors has fixed February   , 2002 as the record date for
determining the stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual
Meeting.

     All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting. To
ensure your representation at the Annual Meeting, however, you are urged to
authorize your proxy by following one of these steps as promptly as possible:

          (A) Complete, date, sign and return the enclosed Proxy Card (a
     postage-prepaid envelope is enclosed for that purpose); or

          (B) Vote via the Internet (see the instructions on the enclosed Proxy
     Card); or

          (C) Vote via telephone (toll-free) in the United States and Canada
     (see the instructions on the enclosed Proxy Card).

     The Internet and telephone voting procedures are designed to authenticate
stockholders' identities, to allow stockholders to vote their shares and to
confirm that their instructions have been properly recorded. Specific
instructions to be followed by any registered stockholder interested in voting
via the Internet or telephone are set forth on the enclosed Proxy Card.

     Any stockholder attending the Annual Meeting may vote in person even if
that stockholder has returned a Proxy Card or voted via the Internet or
telephone.

                                          By Order of the Board Of Directors

                                          LAWRENCE M. LEVY,
                                          Secretary

Chelmsford, Massachusetts
          , 2002

                             YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT

     YOU ARE URGED TO PROMPTLY AUTHORIZE YOUR PROXY BY FOLLOWING THE VOTING
INSTRUCTIONS, SO THAT IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING YOUR SHARES
MAY NEVERTHELESS BE VOTED. HOWEVER, YOUR PROXY MAY BE REVOKED AT ANY TIME PRIOR
TO EXERCISE BY FILING WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY A WRITTEN REVOCATION, BY
AUTHORIZING A PROXY (BY EXECUTING A PROXY OR BY MAKING AN AUTHORIZED INTERNET OR
TELEPHONE COMMUNICATION) AT A LATER DATE, OR BY ATTENDING AND VOTING AT THE
ANNUAL MEETING.

THE INFORMATION IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY
BE CHANGED. BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC. MAY NOT ISSUE THE COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED
IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS
NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY
THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED.

                 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED DECEMBER 19, 2001

                             [PRI AUTOMATION LOGO]

                                          , 2002

Dear PRI Automation, Inc. Stockholders:

     PRI Automation, Inc. will hold a special meeting of stockholders on March
  , 2002 at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time at the offices of Foley, Hoag &
Eliot LLP, One Post Office Square, Sixteenth Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02109.
I would like to explain the proposals that will be considered at the meeting and
why you should vote with management on these proposals.

     Proposal No. 1, the principal reason for this special meeting, is to ask
for your vote in favor of Brooks Automation, Inc.'s proposed acquisition of PRI.
As you know, in recent years PRI established and pursued a vision for a fully
integrated solution to automate semiconductor fabs. We have made significant
progress toward that vision, expanding our capabilities to include hardware,
software and services and both end-user and OEM automation systems. We believe
that by uniting our resources with Brooks, which has complementary product
lines, we can more rapidly realize this vision. We believe this combination will
strengthen our product portfolio, financial position, and ability to deliver
more value to stockholders, customers and employees. The semiconductor industry
that we serve, while full of opportunity for growth, poses many challenges with
its rapidly changing technology and cyclical economic trends. We believe that
the combined company, to be known as Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc., will be the
leader in the growing automation market. I urge you to vote in favor of Proposal
No. 1.

     Proposal No. 2 is to ask for your vote in favor of granting our management
the authority to adjourn the PRI special meeting in the event that we do not
receive sufficient votes to approve Proposal No. 1, so that our management can
solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposal.

     Proposal No. 3 is to ask for your vote in favor of an amendment to PRI's
2000 employee stock purchase plan to increase the maximum number of shares in
the plan to 850,000. These shares are a crucial element of our ongoing strategy
for rewarding and retaining key employees and enabling all our employees to
become stockholders of PRI. I recommend that you vote in favor of this proposal.

     The accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus provides detailed
information about Brooks and PRI and the merger, as well as the other proposals
described above. Please give this information your careful attention. In
particular, you should carefully consider the discussion in the section entitled
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 20.

     Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"PRIA". On December 18, 2001, the last reported sale price of our common stock
was $21.14 per share.

     On behalf of the board of directors, I strongly urge you to vote in favor
of these proposals. Your vote is important to our company, and all of the items
need to be voted. Thank you.

                                          Sincerely,

                                          Mitchell G. Tyson,
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

     Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of this transaction or the securities of
Brooks to be issued in the merger, or determined if this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary
is a criminal offense.

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated           , and was first
mailed to stockholders on or about                .

                              PRI AUTOMATION, INC.

                             805 MIDDLESEX TURNPIKE
                         BILLERICA, MASSACHUSETTS 01821
                             ---------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                         TO BE HELD ON MARCH    , 2002
                             ---------------------

     NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT a special meeting of stockholders of PRI
Automation, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, will be held on March   , 2002 at
the offices of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, One Post Office Square, Sixteenth Floor,
Boston, Massachusetts 02109, commencing at 2:00 p.m., local time, to consider
and vote upon:

          1.  A proposal to approve and adopt the amended and restated agreement
     and plan of merger dated as of December 18, 2001 among Brooks Automation,
     Inc., Pontiac Acquisition Corp. and PRI;

          2.  A proposal to grant PRI's management the discretionary authority
     to adjourn the special meeting to a date or dates not later than April   ,
     2002, if necessary to enable PRI's management to solicit additional proxies
     in favor of Proposal No. 1;

          3.  A proposal to approve an amendment to PRI's 2000 employee stock
     purchase plan to increase the maximum number of shares of PRI common stock
     that may be issued under the plan from 350,000 to 850,000; and

          4.  Such other business as may properly come before the special
     meeting or any adjournment of the meeting.

     Under Sections 85 through 98 of the Massachusetts Business Corporation Law,
PRI stockholders who properly object to the proposal to approve and adopt the
merger agreement have the right to demand an appraisal of, and payment for,
their shares if PRI completes the merger. If the merger agreement is approved by
the stockholders of PRI at the special meeting and the merger is effected by
PRI, then any stockholder (1) who files with PRI, before the taking of the vote
on the approval of such action, written objection to the proposed action stating
that he, she or it intends to demand payment for his, her or its shares if the
action is taken, and (2) whose shares are not voted in favor of such action, has
or may have the right to demand in writing from the surviving corporation,
within twenty days after the date of mailing to him, her or it of notice in
writing that the merger has become effective, payment for his, her or its shares
and an appraisal of the value thereof. The surviving corporation and any such
stockholder shall in such case have the rights and duties and shall follow the
procedure set forth in Sections 88 through 98 of the Massachusetts Business
Corporation Law.

     For a more complete description of your statutory appraisal rights, see
"Special Meeting of PRI Stockholders -- Appraisal or Dissenters' Rights"
beginning on page 43 and the full text of Sections 85 through 98 of the
Massachusetts Business Corporation Law included as Appendix B to the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     PRI's board of directors has fixed the close of business on February   ,
2002 as the record date for the determination of the stockholders of PRI
entitled to receive notice of the special meeting and to vote at the meeting or
any adjournment of the meeting. Only stockholders of record at the close of
business on that date are entitled to receive notice of the special meeting and
to vote at the meeting and any adjournment of the meeting. PRI will make a list
of the stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting or any adjournment
of the meeting available for inspection at its offices. Whether or not you plan
to attend the special meeting, please promptly complete and return the enclosed
proxy card in the reply envelope. Please see the instructions included with your
proxy card.

                                         By order of the Board of Directors

                                         Robert L. Birnbaum,
                                         Clerk

Dated:           , 2002
Billerica, Massachusetts
                             YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT
       PLEASE SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD, WHETHER OR NOT YOU
                          PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING.

                       SOURCES OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

     If you are a Brooks stockholder, this joint proxy statement/prospectus is
accompanied by a copy of Brooks' annual report for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2001. For both Brooks and PRI stockholders, this joint proxy
statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information
about Brooks and PRI by reference to documents that are not included in or
delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This information is
available to you without charge upon your written or oral request. You can
obtain the documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the
appropriate company at the following addresses and telephone numbers:

  Brooks Automation, Inc. Investor Relations      PRI Automation, Inc. Investor Relations
              15 Elizabeth Drive                           805 Middlesex Turnpike
       Chelmsford, Massachusetts 01824                 Billerica, Massachusetts 01821
            Phone: (978) 262-5799                          Phone: (978) 670-4270

     TO OBTAIN TIMELY DELIVERY OF REQUESTED DOCUMENTS IN ADVANCE OF THE
STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS, YOU SHOULD MAKE YOUR REQUEST NO LATER THAN
               , 2002.

     For more information on the matters incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, please see "Where You Can Find More Information" on
page 151.

                               

                                                               PAGE
                                                               ----

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER......................     1
SUMMARY.....................................................     6
BROOKS SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA......    12
PRI SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA.........    14
SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
  DATA......................................................    15
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA..................................    17
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
  STATEMENTS................................................    18
RISK FACTORS................................................    20
ANNUAL MEETING OF BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS.......................    36
SPECIAL MEETING OF PRI STOCKHOLDERS.........................    40
BROOKS AND PRI PROPOSAL NO. 1 APPROVAL OF ADOPTION OF THE
  MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER...........................    45
  THE MERGER................................................    45
  CLOSING OF THE MERGER.....................................    45
  CONVERSION OF PRI SHARES IN THE MERGER....................    45
  OWNERSHIP OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK FOLLOWING THE MERGER.....    46
  MATERIAL CONTACTS BETWEEN BROOKS AND PRI..................    46
  DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF PRI COMMON STOCK AFTER THE
     MERGER.................................................    46
  PRI STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS............................    46
  TREATMENT OF RIGHTS UNDER PRI'S EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE
     PLAN...................................................    46
  TREATMENT OF PRI CANADA EXCHANGEABLE SHARES...............    47
  THE EXCHANGE AGENT........................................    47
  EXCHANGE OF PRI STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR BROOKS STOCK
     CERTIFICATES...........................................    47
  TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP; DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO
     UNEXCHANGED SHARES.....................................    47
  BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER..................................    47
  JOINT REASONS FOR THE MERGER..............................    51
  BROOKS' REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF
     BROOKS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS.............................    52
  OPINION OF BROOKS' FINANCIAL ADVISOR......................    54
  INTERESTS OF BROOKS' MANAGEMENT IN THE MERGER AND
     POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST........................    59
  PRI'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF PRI'S
     BOARD OF DIRECTORS.....................................    60
  OPINION OF PRI'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR........................    63
  INTERESTS OF PRI'S MANAGEMENT IN THE MERGER AND POTENTIAL
     CONFLICTS OF INTEREST..................................    69
  MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS................    70
  MATERIAL CANADIAN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS.......    72
  REGULATORY APPROVALS......................................    74
  ACCOUNTING TREATMENT......................................    75
  LISTING OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN THE
     MERGER.................................................    75
  FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CONSEQUENCES; STOCK TRANSFER
     RESTRICTIONS...........................................    75
  MANAGEMENT OF BROOKS FOLLOWING THE MERGER.................    76
  OPERATIONS FOLLOWING THE MERGER...........................    76
THE MERGER AGREEMENT........................................    77
  THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED DOCUMENTS................    77
  STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER...................................    77
  EFFECTIVE TIME............................................    77
  WHAT PRI STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER..........    77
  TREATMENT OF PRI STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS...............    77
  PROCEDURES FOR SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES; FRACTIONAL
     SHARES.................................................    78
  APPOINTMENT OF ADDITIONAL DIRECTORS TO THE BOARD OF
     DIRECTORS OF BROOKS....................................    78
  NAME OF BROOKS AFTER THE MERGER...........................    79
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES............................    79
  COVENANTS.................................................    80
  FEES AND EXPENSES.........................................    83
  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.....................................    84

                                        i

                                                               PAGE
                                                               ----

  CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER................    86
  TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.......................    87
  AMENDMENTS................................................    87
  WAIVER AND EXTENSION......................................    87
RELATED AGREEMENTS..........................................    88
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA........    91
BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED
  CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS............................    92
BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA
  COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS...................    95
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS............................    97
BROOKS AND PRI PROPOSAL NO. 2 ADJOURNMENT OF THE BROOKS
  ANNUAL MEETING AND THE PRI SPECIAL MEETING................   104
BROOKS PROPOSAL NO. 3 ELECTION OF BROOKS DIRECTORS..........   106
BROOKS PROPOSAL NO. 4 AMENDMENT OF BROOKS' CERTIFICATE OF
  INCORPORATION.............................................   108
BROOKS PROPOSAL NO. 5 FURTHER AMENDMENT OF BROOKS'
  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION..............................   112
BROOKS PROPOSAL NO. 6 AMENDMENT OF THE BROOKS 1995 EMPLOYEE
  STOCK PURCHASE PLAN.......................................   113
BROOKS PROPOSAL NO. 7 AMENDMENT OF THE BROOKS 1993
  NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLAN....................   116
BROOKS PROPOSAL NO. 8 AMENDMENT OF THE BROOKS 2000
  COMBINATION STOCK OPTION PLAN.............................   119
BROOKS BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETINGS, COMMITTEES AND
  COMPENSATION..............................................   124
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS, NOMINEES, EXECUTIVE
  OFFICERS AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF BROOKS.............   126
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
  PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS OF PRI.............................   128
MANAGEMENT OF BROOKS........................................   129
BROOKS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND OTHER MATTERS.............   130
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS OF BROOKS....   140
PRI PROPOSAL NO. 3 AMENDMENT OF PRI'S 2000 EMPLOYEE STOCK
  PURCHASE PLAN.............................................   142
PRI EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION..................................   145
EXPERTS.....................................................   150
LEGAL MATTERS...............................................   150
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.........................   151
APPENDIX A AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF
  MERGER....................................................   A-1
APPENDIX B MASSACHUSETTS BUSINESS CORPORATION LAW, SECTIONS
  85-98.....................................................   B-1
APPENDIX C FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT BETWEEN BROOKS AND
  CERTAIN PRI STOCKHOLDERS..................................   C-1
APPENDIX D FORM OF VOTING AGREEMENT BETWEEN PRI AND CERTAIN
  BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS.......................................   D-1
APPENDIX E OPINION OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON
  CORPORATION...............................................   E-1
APPENDIX F OPINION OF MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED.....   F-1
APPENDIX G FORM OF AMENDMENT OF BROOKS' CERTIFICATE OF
  INCORPORATION TO INCREASE THE NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED
  SHARES....................................................   G-1
APPENDIX H FORM OF AMENDMENT OF BROOKS' CERTIFICATE OF
  INCORPORATION TO CHANGE NAME OF BROOKS....................   H-1

                             ---------------------

Acutran(R), APCLink(TM), ARRC(TM), CELLworks(R), ClusterLink(TM),
ControlVision(TM), ControlVisionJ(TM), Cornerstone(R), ERGOSPEED 3800(TM),
ERGOSPEED II(TM), ExpressLink(TM), FACTORYworks(R), FabExpress(TM),
FabWorks(TM), FACTORYworks(R), FASTech(R), FASTech Integration(R), Fastech
Integration, Inc.(R), FIXLOAD(TM), Gemini Express(TM), Hercules(R), Iridnet(R),
ISE 200(TM), LeapFrog(TM), LCDworks(TM), MagnaTran(R), MapTrak(TM), Marathon(R),
Marathon Express(R), Patterns(TM), RS/Series(R), SEARAMS(TM), SMC(TM),
Starfire(TM), STATIONworks(R), TEC-3000(TM), VCE(TM) and the Brooks logo are
trademarks of Brooks Automation, Inc.

Aeroloader(R), Promis Encore! (R), Promis(R), eQonnector(TM), E-volution(TM),
Hypatia(R), Factory Top(R), Waferstate(R), Interval Logic(R), The Power To Act
Effectively(R), Leverage(R), Preference Calculus(R), Repair-Based(R) Spike++(R),
Palette(R) PRI(TM), AeroTrak(TM), Encore! Performance(TM), Encore! Process
Composer(TM), EquipeSoft(TM), FAbuilder(TM), PR1ORITY(TM), StarSot(TM),
Starcon(TM), TransNet(TM), The Guardian(TM), The Silicon Machine(TM),
TurboStocker(TM), TRMS(TM) and the PRI logo are trademarks of PRI Automation,
Inc.

Each trademark, trade name or service mark of any other company appearing in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus belongs to its holder.
                                        ii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

     The following questions and answers are intended to address briefly some
commonly asked questions regarding the merger. These questions and answers may
not address all of the issues that may be important to you. Please refer to the
more detailed information contained elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the appendices to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
and the documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Q:  WHY ARE THE COMPANIES PROPOSING THE MERGER?

A:  The Brooks board and the PRI board believe that by combining the highly
    complementary technologies, product lines, distribution channels and
    customer relationships of the two companies, the combined company will have
    the potential to realize long-term improved growth and profitability, and a
    stronger position in the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry. To
    review the background and reasons for the merger in greater detail, see
    pages 47 through 70.

Q:  DO THE BOARDS OF DIRECTORS OF BROOKS AND PRI RECOMMEND VOTING IN FAVOR OF
    THE MERGER?

A:  Yes. The Brooks board of directors and the PRI board of directors each
    unanimously recommends voting in favor of the merger.

Q:  WHAT WILL STOCKHOLDERS OF BROOKS RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A:  Brooks stockholders will not receive any consideration in the merger, and
    the merger will not affect the number of shares of Brooks common stock that
    they hold. However, Brooks will be issuing shares of its common stock to PRI
    stockholders in connection with the merger, which will have a dilutive
    effect on the percentage ownership of each Brooks stockholder in the
    combined company.

Q:  WHAT WILL STOCKHOLDERS OF PRI RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A:  If the merger is completed, stockholders of PRI will receive 0.52 shares of
    Brooks common stock for each share of PRI common stock they hold. In
    addition, PRI stockholders will receive cash in lieu of any fractional
    shares of Brooks common stock.

Q:  WHAT HAPPENS IF THE TRADING PRICE OF BROOKS OR PRI COMMON STOCK CHANGES
    BEFORE THE MERGER?

A:  The number of shares of Brooks common stock to be issued for each share of
    PRI common stock will not be adjusted based upon changes in the market price
    of Brooks common stock or PRI common stock. As a result, the value of the
    Brooks common stock to be received in the merger will fluctuate as the
    market price of Brooks common stock fluctuates. Neither Brooks nor PRI has
    the right to terminate the merger agreement or to change the recommendation
    of its board of directors to its stockholders based on changes in the market
    price of Brooks or PRI common stock.

Q:  ARE THERE RISKS I SHOULD CONSIDER IN DECIDING WHETHER TO VOTE FOR THE
    MERGER?

A:  Yes. For example, the combined company might not realize the expected
    benefits of the merger. In evaluating the merger, you should carefully
    consider the risk factors discussed beginning on page 20.

Q:  WHAT ARE THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE TRANSACTION TO ME?

A:  We anticipate that the acquisition of PRI by Brooks through the mergers
    described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus will constitute a
    tax-free reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes.
    Neither Brooks nor PRI will be obligated to complete the transaction unless
    each receives an opinion from its tax counsel to that effect. Assuming the
    transaction qualifies as a tax-free reorganization, PRI stockholders who
    exchange their PRI common stock solely for Brooks common stock in the
    transaction generally will not recognize gain or loss for United States
    federal income tax purposes, except for gain or loss recognized because of
    cash received instead of fractional shares. For a general discussion of the
    tax consequences of the transaction, see pages 70 through 74. The tax
    consequences to you will depend on the facts and circumstances of your own
    situation. Please consult your tax advisor for a full understanding of the
    tax consequences to you.

Q:  WHO WILL LEAD THE COMBINED COMPANY AFTER THE MERGER?

A:  Upon completion of the merger, the Brooks board of directors will be
    expanded by two seats from five to seven members, and the two new positions
    will be filled by Mitchell G. Tyson, the current president and chief
    executive officer of PRI, and by Kenneth M. Thompson, a current member of
    the board of directors of PRI. Robert J. Therrien and Ellen B. Richstone
    will continue to serve as Brooks' president and chief executive officer, and
    senior vice president, finance and administration and chief financial
    officer, respectively. The other current officers of Brooks will continue to
    serve in their current positions. Mr. Tyson has agreed to serve as special
    assistant to the chief executive officer of Brooks for a period of six
    months from the date the merger is completed.

Q:  WHEN AND WHERE ARE THE STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS RELATING TO THE MERGER?

A:  The annual meeting of Brooks stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m., local
    time on March   , 2002 at the company's corporate headquarters located at 15
    Elizabeth Drive, Chelmsford, Massachusetts 01824.

    The special meeting of PRI stockholders will be held at 2:00 p.m., local
    time on March   , 2002 at the offices of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, One Post
    Office Square, Sixteenth Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02109.

Q:  WHAT SPECIFIC PROPOSALS ARE BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS BEING ASKED TO CONSIDER?

A:  Brooks stockholders are being asked to approve:

        - the issuance of shares of Brooks common stock in the merger;

        - the grant to Brooks' management of the discretionary authority to
          adjourn the annual meeting to a date or dates not later than April   ,
          2002, if necessary to enable Brooks' management to solicit additional
          proxies in favor of the merger proposal or the proposal to increase
          the number of authorized shares of Brooks common stock;

        - the election of five directors to serve Brooks for the ensuring year
          until their successors are duly elected;

        - the amendment of Brooks' certificate of incorporation to increase the
          number of authorized shares of Brooks common stock from 43,000,000 to
          100,000,000 if the merger is completed;

        - the amendment of Brooks' certificate of incorporation to change
          Brooks' name to "Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc." if the merger is
          completed;

        - the amendment of Brooks' employee stock purchase plan to increase the
          number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan from 750,000 to
          1,500,000 if the merger is completed;

        - the amendment of Brooks' nonemployee director stock option plan to
          increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan
          from 190,000 to 690,000 if the merger is completed, or from 190,000 to
          490,000 if the merger is not completed, and to effect additional
          changes relating to grants of options under that plan if the merger is
          completed; and

        - the amendment of Brooks' 2000 combination stock option plan to
          increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan
          from 1,000,000 to 6,000,000 if the merger is completed, or from
          1,000,000 to 3,000,000 if the merger is not completed.

Q:  WHAT SPECIFIC PROPOSALS ARE PRI STOCKHOLDERS BEING ASKED TO CONSIDER?

A:  PRI stockholders are being asked to approve:

        - the adoption of the merger agreement and the merger;

        - the grant to PRI's management of the discretionary authority to
          adjourn the special meeting to a date or dates not later than April
            , 2002, if necessary to enable PRI's management to solicit
          additional proxies in favor of the merger proposal; and

        - an amendment to PRI's 2000 employee stock purchase plan to increase
          the maximum number of shares of PRI common stock that may be issued
          under the plan from 350,000 to 850,000.

Q:  WHAT ARE THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSALS?

A:  In the adjournment proposals, Brooks and PRI are asking their stockholders
    to grant their respective managements the discretionary authority to adjourn
    the Brooks annual meeting and the PRI special meeting, respectively, to a
    date or dates not later than April   , 2002 if the number of shares voting
    in favor of that party's respective merger proposal or Brooks' proposal to
    increase its authorized common stock is insufficient to approve the
    proposal. Adjourning the stockholder meetings to a later date will provide
    additional time to solicit proxies in favor of the proposals.

    The board of directors of each company recommends that its stockholders vote
    FOR the adjournment proposal.

Q:  WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED TO APPROVE THE PROPOSALS? WHAT IF I DON'T VOTE?

A:  Brooks stockholders:  Assuming a quorum is present, approval of the issuance
    of Brooks common stock in the merger, the adjournment proposal, and approval
    of the amendments to the stock purchase and option plans will require the
    affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Brooks common
    stock present in person or represented by proxy at the annual meeting and
    entitled to vote.

    Approval of the proposals to amend Brooks' certificate of incorporation will
    require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding
    shares of Brooks common stock. The directors will be elected by a plurality
    of votes properly cast at the annual meeting.

    Abstentions will have no effect on the outcome of the vote for the election
    of directors, but will have the same effect as votes cast against the other
    proposals, even though the stockholder so abstaining intends a different
    interpretation.

    If you do not instruct your broker how to vote, your broker nonvote will
    have the same effect as a vote cast against the proposals to amend Brooks'
    certificate of incorporation but will have no effect on the election of
    directors or the other proposals.

    The Brooks board of directors unanimously recommends that Brooks
    stockholders vote FOR the issuance of the shares of Brooks common stock in
    connection with the merger, FOR the election of five directors to Brooks'
    board and FOR all of the other proposals contained in the notice of meeting.

    PRI stockholders:  Assuming a quorum is present, the merger proposal
    requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
    outstanding shares of PRI common stock (including the PRI Canada
    exchangeable shares) outstanding on the record date. If you abstain or your
    broker does not vote your shares, that abstention or broker nonvote will
    have the same effect as a vote against the merger proposal. The adjournment
    proposal and the proposal to amend PRI's 2000 employee stock purchase plan
    each require a majority of the votes properly cast on the proposals at the
    special meeting. If you abstain or your broker does not vote your shares,
    your abstention or broker nonvote will not affect the outcome of the vote on
    these proposals.

    The PRI board of directors unanimously recommends that its stockholders vote
    FOR the merger proposal, FOR the adjournment proposal and FOR the proposal
    to amend PRI's 2000 employee stock purchase plan.

Q:  HAVE ANY STOCKHOLDERS OF BROOKS OR PRI AGREED TO VOTE IN FAVOR OF THE
    MERGER?

A:  Yes. The directors and executive officers of PRI, who collectively hold, as
    of December 7, 2001, approximately 4.9% of the PRI common stock outstanding
    on that date, have each agreed to vote in favor of the merger. The directors
    and executive officers of Brooks, who collectively hold, as of December 7,
    2001, approximately 5.4% of the Brooks common stock outstanding on that
    date, have each agreed to vote in favor of the merger. See "Related
    Agreements -- Voting Agreements."

Q:  DO THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF PRI HAVE ANY INTERESTS IN THE
    MERGER THAT ARE DIFFERENT FROM THOSE OF THE PRI STOCKHOLDERS?

A:  Yes. For example, under the terms of the merger agreement, Brooks will
    increase the size of its board of directors to seven directors and appoint
    Mitchell G. Tyson, PRI's current president and chief executive officer, and
    Kenneth M. Thompson, currently a member of PRI's board of directors, to the
    board of directors of Brooks. In addition, many of PRI's executive officers
    have agreements with PRI that will entitle them to stated benefits after the
    closing of the merger. Brooks will also assume the stock options held by
    each of PRI's directors and executive officers, along with the stock options
    held by PRI's other employees.

Q:  DO THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF BROOKS HAVE ANY INTERESTS IN THE
    MERGER THAT ARE DIFFERENT FROM THOSE OF THE BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS?

A:  Yes. For example, Robert J. Therrien, Brooks' president and a member of its
    board of directors, entered into an employment agreement with Brooks,
    effective as of October 1, 2001, that provides that Mr. Therrien will
    receive more favorable salary and supplemental retirement benefits if the
    merger with PRI is completed. Also, Brooks has approved a new, more
    favorable compensation package for its nonemployee directors that will
    become effective if the merger with PRI is completed.

Q:  WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A:  After carefully reading and considering the information in this joint proxy
    statement/prospectus, please indicate on your proxy card how you want to
    vote. Then sign and mail the proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid return
    envelope as soon as possible, so that your shares will be voted in
    accordance with your instructions at your stockholder meeting. You may also
    attend your stockholder meeting in person instead of submitting a proxy. If
    you are a Brooks stockholder, you may also grant your proxy by telephone or
    over the Internet.

Q:  WHAT IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN STREET NAME BY MY BROKER? WILL MY BROKER VOTE
    FOR ME?

A:  In general, your broker will vote your shares only if you provide
    instructions on how to vote. You should follow the directions provided by
    your broker regarding how to instruct your broker to vote your shares.
    Without instructions, your shares may not be voted.

Q:  WHAT CONSTITUTES A QUORUM AT THE STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS?

A:  For Brooks, a quorum is a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to
    vote which are present or represented by proxy at the annual meeting. For
    PRI, a quorum consists of a majority in interest of all stock issued and
    outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting. A quorum must exist
    for the transaction of business at the stockholders' meetings. If you submit
    a properly executed proxy card, even if you abstain from voting, your shares
    will be considered part of the quorum. Broker nonvotes, which are shares
    held by a broker or nominee that are represented at the stockholders'
    meeting, but with respect to which the broker or nominee is not empowered to
    vote on a proposal, are also included in determining the presence of a
    quorum.

Q:  CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I'VE RETURNED MY PROXY?

A:  Yes. If you are a record holder of common stock, you may change your vote:

        - by writing to the corporate secretary of Brooks or corporate clerk of
          PRI, as the case may be, before your company's stockholder meeting
          stating that you are revoking your proxy;

        - by signing a later-dated proxy card and returning it by mail or, if
          you are a Brooks stockholder, by voting again by telephone or via the
          Internet, in each case before your company's stockholder meeting; or

        - by attending the meeting of stockholders and voting in person. Merely
          attending the meeting, without voting in person, will not revoke any
          proxy previously delivered by you.

     If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm or a bank, you
     should contact your brokerage firm or bank to change your vote.

Q:  WHEN DO YOU EXPECT THE MERGER TO BE COMPLETED?

A:  We are working to complete the merger in March 2002. However, the merger is
    subject to various conditions and we cannot predict the exact timing.

Q:  SHOULD BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS SEND IN THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES?

A:  No. Brooks stockholders will continue to own their shares of Brooks common
    stock after the merger and should continue to hold their stock certificates.

Q:  SHOULD PRI STOCKHOLDERS SEND IN THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A:  No. After we complete the merger, Brooks will send instructions to PRI
    stockholders explaining how to exchange their certificates for PRI common
    stock for certificates for the appropriate number of shares of Brooks common
    stock.

Q:  WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO BROOKS OPTIONS HELD BY EMPLOYEES OF BROOKS?

A:  The merger will not affect outstanding options to purchase Brooks common
    stock held by employees of Brooks.

Q:  WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO PRI OPTIONS HELD BY EMPLOYEES AND DIRECTORS OF PRI?

A:  All outstanding options to purchase PRI common stock held by employees and
    directors of PRI will be assumed by Brooks. Each option will remain subject
    to the same terms and conditions set forth in PRI's stock option plans. Each
    option will be exercisable for the number of shares of Brooks common stock
    that is equal to the number of shares of PRI common stock subject to the
    options immediately prior to the merger, multiplied by 0.52. The exercise
    price of each assumed option will be correspondingly adjusted by dividing it
    by 0.52.

Q:  WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO PRI CANADA EXCHANGEABLE SHARES?

A:  At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding PRI Canada
    exchangeable share will automatically become exchangeable for 0.52 shares of
    Brooks common stock. The holders of PRI Canada exchangeable shares are not
    entitled to a separate class vote on the merger proposal. In addition, the
    PRI special voting share will be converted automatically into a Brooks
    special voting share carrying a number of votes at meetings of Brooks
    stockholders equal to the number of outstanding PRI Canada exchangeable
    shares (other than those held by Brooks or any of its subsidiaries)
    multiplied by 0.52.

Q:  IF I DO NOT APPROVE THE MERGER, AM I ENTITLED TO DISSENTERS'/APPRAISAL
    RIGHTS?

A:  Under Delaware law, holders of Brooks common stock are not entitled to any
    appraisal or dissenters' rights. If you are a holder of PRI common stock who
    does not vote in favor of the merger and who otherwise complies with the
    applicable procedures under Massachusetts law, you will be entitled to
    appraisal rights. To review your appraisal rights with respect to your PRI
    shares, see "Special Meeting of PRI Stockholders -- Appraisal or Dissenters'
    Rights."

Q:  WHO CAN ANSWER QUESTIONS?

A:  If you have additional questions about the merger or about the solicitation
    of your proxy, you should contact:

       Brooks Automation, Inc.                  PRI Automation, Inc.
          Investor Relations                     Investor Relations
          15 Elizabeth Drive                   805 Middlesex Turnpike
   Chelmsford, Massachusetts 01824         Billerica, Massachusetts 01821
        Phone: (978) 262-5799                  Phone: (978) 670-4270

                                    SUMMARY

     This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. It may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. To better understand the merger, we urge you to read carefully
this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the documents we refer to in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please see "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 151. We have included page references directing you to a
more complete description of each item presented in this summary. In this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, we often refer to the "combined company," which
means, following the merger, Brooks and its subsidiaries.

     This summary includes a discussion of the material provisions of the merger
agreement. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix A. We urge you to read carefully the entire
merger agreement because it is the primary legal document that governs the
merger.

THE COMPANIES

  BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.

     Brooks is a leading supplier of integrated factory automation solutions for
global semiconductor manufacturing and related industries. Brooks has
distinguished itself as a technology and market leader, particularly in the
demanding cluster-tool vacuum-processing environment and in integrated factory
automation software applications. Brooks' automation solutions are designed to
optimize equipment and factory productivity. These solutions include tool
automation modules, complete semiconductor wafer handing systems, factory
interface solutions and automation software and integration services. Brooks is
a Delaware corporation and was incorporated in 1989. Brooks' principal offices
are located at 15 Elizabeth Drive, Chelmsford, Massachusetts 01824 and its
telephone number is (978) 262-2400. Brooks' corporate website is www.brooks.com.
The information on Brooks website is not incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

  PRI AUTOMATION, INC.

     PRI Automation, Inc. is a leading global supplier of advanced automation
systems, software and services for the semiconductor industry. PRI offers
complete and flexible solutions that address a wide range of automation
requirements for semiconductor manufacturers and for OEM manufacturers of
semiconductor process tools. PRI's key product areas are factory automation
systems, tool automation systems, software products, and automation services and
support. PRI's products support industry standards and provide customers with
the option of purchasing PRI's integrated factory automation solutions or
incorporating elements of PRI's systems into the customer's existing automation
infrastructure. PRI is a Massachusetts corporation and has been in the
semiconductor manufacturing automation industry since 1982. PRI's principal
offices are located at 805 Middlesex Turnpike, Billerica, Massachusetts 01821
and its telephone number is (978) 670-4270. PRI's corporate website is
www.pria.com. The information on PRI's website is not incorporated by reference
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 45)

     Brooks and PRI have entered into a merger agreement that provides for the
merger of Pontiac Acquisition Corp., a Massachusetts corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Brooks, with and into PRI. Immediately following that
merger, PRI will be merged with and into Brooks. Brooks will be the sole
surviving company following the merger. Each share of PRI common stock, except
for dissenting shares, will automatically be converted into 0.52 shares of
Brooks common stock.

     The Brooks common stock that holders of PRI common stock will receive as a
result of the merger is traded and quoted on The Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "BRKS." Following the completion of the merger, the name of the
combined company will be changed to Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc., and the common
stock of the combined company will trade under the symbol "BRKS."

RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (SEE PAGES 52 AND 60)

     The Brooks and PRI boards of directors have determined that the terms and
conditions of the merger are advisable, and are fair to, and in the best
interests of, each company and its stockholders. The Brooks board of directors
unanimously recommends that Brooks stockholders vote FOR the issuance of the
shares of Brooks common stock in connection with the merger, FOR the election of
five directors to Brooks' board, FOR the adjournment proposal and FOR all the
other proposals contained in Brooks' notice of annual meeting. The PRI board of
directors has unanimously recommended that PRI stockholders vote FOR the
proposal to approve the adoption of the merger agreement and the merger, FOR the
adjournment proposal and FOR the proposal to amend the PRI 2000 employee stock
purchase plan.

VOTING AGREEMENTS OF BROOKS' AND PRI'S DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (SEE
PAGE 88)

     Under separate voting agreements in the forms attached as Appendix C and
Appendix D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Brooks' and PRI's directors
and executive officers, who beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately
5.4% and 4.9% of their respective companies' common stock outstanding as of
December 7, 2001 (excluding shares issuable upon the exercise of options), have
agreed to vote all of their shares of common stock for approval and adoption of
the merger agreement and approval of the merger and against any action or
agreement that would prevent or compete with the merger.

OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS (SEE PAGES 54 AND 63)

  OPINION OF BROOKS' FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     In connection with the proposed merger, Brooks' financial advisor, Credit
Suisse First Boston Corporation, delivered a written opinion to the Brooks board
of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange
ratio provided for in the merger. The full text of Credit Suisse First Boston's
written opinion, dated October 23, 2001, is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix E. We encourage you to read this opinion
carefully in its entirety for a description of the procedures followed,
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken.
CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON'S OPINION IS ADDRESSED TO THE BROOKS BOARD OF
DIRECTORS AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY STOCKHOLDER AS TO ANY
MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER.

  OPINION OF PRI'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     In connection with the proposed merger, PRI's financial advisor, Morgan
Stanley & Co. Incorporated, delivered an oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in
writing, to the PRI board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement, based
upon and subject to the various considerations described in the opinion. The
full text of Morgan Stanley's written opinion, dated October 23, 2001, is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Appendix F. We encourage
you to read this opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
review undertaken. MORGAN STANLEY'S OPINION IS ADDRESSED TO THE PRI BOARD OF
DIRECTORS AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY STOCKHOLDER AS TO ANY
MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER.

INTERESTS OF BROOKS' MANAGEMENT IN THE MERGER AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF
INTEREST (SEE PAGE 59)

     When considering the recommendation of the Brooks board, you should be
aware that some directors and executive officers of Brooks have interests in the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, their interests as
stockholders of Brooks. For example:

     - Robert J. Therrien, Brooks' president and a member of its board of
       directors, entered into an employment agreement with Brooks effective as
       of October 1, 2001 that provides that Mr. Therrien will receive more
       favorable salary and supplemental retirement benefits if the merger with
       PRI is completed; and

     - Brooks has approved a new, more favorable compensation package for its
       nonemployee directors if the merger with PRI is completed.

     As a result, these directors and officers may be more likely to recommend
adoption of the merger agreement than Brooks stockholders generally.

INTERESTS OF PRI'S MANAGEMENT IN THE MERGER AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
(SEE PAGE 69)

     When considering the recommendation of the PRI board, you should be aware
that some directors and executive officers of PRI have interests in the merger
that are different from, or in addition to, their interests as stockholders of
PRI. For example:

     - concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, Mitchell G.
       Tyson, PRI's president and chief executive officer and a member of its
       board of directors, entered into an employment agreement with Brooks
       under which he will be employed by Brooks after the completion of the
       merger and will be entitled to receive payments and other benefits;

     - under the terms of the merger agreement, Brooks will increase the size of
       its board of directors and appoint Mr. Tyson and Kenneth M. Thompson, a
       current member of PRI's board of directors, to the board of directors of
       Brooks;

     - Mordechai Wiesler, PRI's chairman of the board, has an employment
       agreement under which he will be entitled to a severance payment of
       $100,000, acceleration of his options, and other benefits as a result of
       the merger;

     - all officers and numerous other employees of PRI have retention
       agreements under which they will be entitled to severance payments if
       Brooks does not offer them employment after the merger at a comparable
       salary. These officers and employees will also be entitled to accelerated
       vesting of all of their outstanding options, including the PRI options
       assumed by Brooks in the merger, if Brooks does not offer them employment
       after the merger at a comparable salary, or if Brooks offers them such
       employment and they remain in their new positions for one year after the
       merger;

     - under the merger agreement, Brooks has agreed to maintain all rights to
       indemnification now existing in favor of the current and former directors
       and officers of PRI and its subsidiaries against liabilities arising out
       of any such person's service as a director or officer of PRI before the
       merger.

     As a result, these directors and officers may be more likely to recommend
adoption of the merger agreement than PRI stockholders generally.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 86)

     The completion of the merger depends upon the satisfaction of a number of
conditions, including:

     - approval of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
       merger agreement by the stockholders of Brooks and PRI;

     - the receipt of clearance for the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
       Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and certain foreign competition
       authorities, including Germany;

     - no material adverse change involving Brooks or PRI;

     - approval for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of
       Brooks common stock to be issued in the merger;

     - receipt by each of Brooks and PRI of an opinion of counsel to the effect
       that the transaction will be treated as a tax-free reorganization under
       the Internal Revenue Code; and

     - other customary contractual conditions specified in the merger agreement.

     If the law permits, any condition to the merger may be waived.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT (SEE PAGE 87)

     Brooks and PRI can agree to terminate the merger agreement at any time
before completing the merger. Also, either of Brooks or PRI can decide, without
the other's consent, but subject to limitations, to terminate the merger
agreement if the merger has not been completed on or before July 31, 2002, or if
the other company has breached its obligations under the merger agreement, or
for other reasons described under the heading "The Merger
Agreement -- Termination of the Merger Agreement."

TERMINATION FEE (SEE PAGE 83)

     If the merger is not completed because Brooks exercises its right to
terminate the merger agreement, under circumstances described under the heading
"The Merger Agreement -- Fees and Expenses," PRI will be required to pay Brooks
a termination fee of $14.0 million, plus the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
of Brooks incurred since October 1, 2001 in connection with this transaction.

RESTRICTIONS ON SOLICITING ALTERNATIVE TRANSACTIONS (SEE PAGE 82)

     PRI has agreed that it will not initiate or engage in any discussion
regarding a prospective business combination of PRI with any party other than
Brooks. PRI has further agreed to cause each of its officers, directors,
employees, representatives and agents not to initiate or engage in these
discussions. There are limited exceptions to these prohibitions that enable
PRI's board to fulfill its fiduciary duties to PRI's stockholders.

CONDUCT OF BROOKS AND PRI BEFORE THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 80)

     Brooks and PRI have each agreed that they and their subsidiaries will carry
on their business in the usual, regular and ordinary course. Each has also
agreed to use all reasonable efforts to preserve its current business
organizations, keep available the services of its current officers and other key
employees, and preserve its relationships with those persons having business
dealings with them. Brooks and PRI have also each agreed that until the earlier
of the closing of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement, or
unless the other company consents in writing and as contemplated by the merger
agreement, it and each of its subsidiaries will conduct its business in
compliance with specific restrictions.

GOVERNMENTAL APPROVALS AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS (SEE PAGE 74)

  U.S. TERRITORIES

     Other than compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws in
connection with the issuance of Brooks common stock pursuant to the merger and
the solicitation of proxies for the two stockholders' meetings, compliance with
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, and compliance with
applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and the
Massachusetts Business Corporation Law, no United States federal or state
regulations must be complied with in order to complete the merger.

  FOREIGN TERRITORIES

     Brooks and PRI will file a premerger notification with the German Federal
Cartel office, and may be required to make filings with, or receive the approval
of antitrust authorities in other foreign jurisdictions.

UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE TRANSACTION (SEE PAGE 70)

     It is intended that the transaction will qualify as a tax-free
reorganization for United States federal income tax purposes. If the transaction
qualifies as a tax-free reorganization, PRI stockholders generally will not
recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes on the
exchange of their stock for Brooks common stock. Gain or loss may be recognized
on any cash received in lieu of fractional shares of Brooks common stock in the
transaction. It is a condition to completion of the transaction that

each of PRI and Brooks obtain a legal opinion from its tax counsel that the
transaction will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368
of the Internal Revenue Code.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT OF THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 75)

     Brooks will account for the merger using the purchase method of accounting
in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141,
"Business Combinations." As such, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
from PRI will be recorded at their fair values as of the date of the merger. Any
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible assets and
identifiable intangible assets acquired will be recorded as goodwill. The
results of operations of PRI will be included in Brooks' results of operations
from the date of the closing of the merger.

RESTRICTIONS ON THE ABILITY TO SELL BROOKS STOCK BY AFFILIATES OF BROOKS AND PRI
(SEE PAGE 75)

     All shares of Brooks common stock that PRI stockholders receive in
connection with the merger will be freely transferable unless the holder is
considered an "affiliate" of either Brooks or PRI for purposes of the Securities
Act of 1933. Shares of Brooks common stock held by affiliates may be sold only
pursuant to an effective registration statement covering the resale of the
shares, or an exemption under the Securities Act.

APPRAISAL OR DISSENTERS' RIGHTS (SEE PAGE 43)

     Under Massachusetts law, PRI stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights
in connection with the merger. To exercise appraisal rights, a PRI stockholder
must:

     - provide written notice to PRI before the taking of the vote of the PRI
       stockholders on the approval of the merger agreement stating his, her or
       its intention to exercise appraisal rights;

     - vote against the approval of the merger agreement or abstain from voting;
       and

     - comply with other procedures required by Sections 85 through 98 of the
       Massachusetts Business Corporation Law.

     A copy of Sections 85 through 98 is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix B.

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS RIGHTS (SEE PAGE 97)

     PRI is a Massachusetts corporation and the rights of PRI stockholders are
currently governed by Massachusetts law. Brooks is a Delaware corporation. After
the merger, PRI stockholders will hold shares of Brooks common stock and their
rights as stockholders of Brooks will be governed by Delaware law and Brooks'
charter and bylaws, which are different from PRI's charter and bylaws.

DIVIDEND INFORMATION (SEE PAGE 91)

     Other than dividends paid by one of Brooks' subsidiaries prior to Brooks'
acquisition of that subsidiary, Brooks and PRI have never declared or paid cash
dividends on their common stock since their formation. Brooks and PRI currently
do not intend to pay dividends on their common stock in the foreseeable future
so that they may reinvest any earnings in their businesses. The payment of
dividends, if any, in the future will be at the discretion of Brooks' board of
directors and PRI's board of directors, as the case may be.

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET INFORMATION (SEE PAGE 91)

     The Brooks common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "BRKS." The PRI common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "PRIA."

     The following table presents the closing prices per share of the Brooks
common stock and the closing prices per share of the PRI common stock on October
23, 2001, the last trading day before our public announcement of the merger, and
          , 2002, the latest practicable date before the mailing of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

     The table also presents the equivalent price per share of PRI common stock.
The equivalent price per share is equal to the closing price of one share of
Brooks common stock on the applicable date, multiplied by 0.52, the number of
shares of Brooks common stock to be issued in exchange for each share of PRI
common stock.

                                                        OCTOBER 23, 2001        , 2002
                                                        ----------------   -----------------

Brooks................................................       $33.11             $
PRI...................................................       $12.54             $
Equivalent PRI per share price........................       $17.22             $

     You should obtain current stock price quotations for the Brooks common
stock and the PRI common stock.

             BROOKS SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements of Brooks
and related notes thereto included in Brooks' annual reports, quarterly reports
and other information on file with the SEC. The results of operations data for
each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 1998 and the balance
sheet data as of September 30, 1997, 1998 and 1999, have been derived from
financial statements not incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus. The results of operations data for each of the three
years in the period ended September 30, 2001 and the balance sheet data as of
September 30, 2000 and 2001, have been derived from audited financial statements
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     Brooks acquired the following in transactions accounted for using the
purchase method of accounting:

     - Hanyon Technology, Inc. (acquired April 21, 1999);

     - Domain Manufacturing Corporation (acquired June 30, 1999);

     - the Infab Division of Jenoptik AG (acquired September 30, 1999);

     - Auto-Soft Corporation and AutoSimulations, Inc. (acquired January 6,
       2000);

     - MiTeX Solutions (acquired June 23, 2000);

     - SEMY Engineering, Inc. (acquired February 16, 2001);

     - SimCon N.V. (acquired May 15, 2001);

     - CCS Technology, Inc. (acquired June 25, 2001); and

     - the KLA e-Diagnostics product business (acquired June 26, 2001).

     The results of operations of each of these acquisitions are included in
Brooks' results from their date of acquisition.

                                                        YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                            1997       1998       1999       2000       2001
                                          --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA
Revenues................................  $133,827   $123,459   $122,957   $337,184   $381,716
Gross profit............................  $ 59,739   $ 37,280   $ 55,152   $160,725   $152,384
Income (loss) from operations...........  $ (1,362)  $(29,190)  $(11,822)  $ 20,084   $(43,904)
Income (loss) before income taxes and
  minority interests....................  $ (2,857)  $(27,917)  $(10,448)  $ 28,444   $(36,523)
Net income (loss).......................  $ (3,324)  $(23,268)  $ (9,534)  $ 15,109   $(29,660)
Accretion and dividends on preferred
  stock.................................  $  1,125   $  1,540   $    774   $    120   $     90
Net income (loss) attributable to common
  stockholders..........................  $ (4,449)  $(24,808)  $(10,308)  $ 14,989   $(29,750)
Basic earnings (loss) per share.........  $  (0.54)  $  (2.32)  $  (0.89)  $   0.96   $  (1.65)
Diluted earnings (loss) per share.......  $  (0.54)  $  (2.32)  $  (0.89)  $   0.88   $  (1.65)
Shares used in computing basic earnings
  (loss) per share......................     8,230     10,687     11,542     15,661     18,015
Shares used in computing diluted
  earnings (loss) per share.............     8,230     10,687     11,542     17,192     18,015

                                                          AS OF SEPTEMBER 30,
                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                            1997       1998       1999       2000       2001
                                          --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                             (IN THOUSANDS)

BALANCE SHEET DATA
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable
  securities............................  $ 77,642   $ 70,265   $ 67,031   $236,670   $329,719
Total assets............................  $181,967   $160,143   $197,300   $519,786   $703,831
Working capital.........................  $120,067   $105,210   $106,803   $306,836   $288,036
Notes payable and revolving credit
  facilities............................  $  4,070   $  4,717   $  6,183   $ 16,350   $ 17,122
Current portion of long-term debt and
  capital lease obligations.............  $  1,379   $    523   $    544   $    524   $    392
Convertible subordinated notes..........  $     --   $     --   $     --   $     --   $175,000
Long-term debt and capital lease
  obligations (less current portion) and
  senior subordinated note..............  $  6,264   $  9,118   $    804   $    332   $     31
Redeemable convertible preferred
  stock.................................  $ 15,270   $  5,923   $  2,481   $  2,601   $     --
Members' capital........................  $    195   $  1,134   $    930   $     --   $     --
Stockholders' equity....................  $129,963   $118,156   $137,913   $415,284   $424,169
SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
Depreciation and amortization...........  $  7,237   $  9,631   $ 11,766   $ 30,400   $ 45,041
Capital expenditures....................  $  8,131   $  4,725   $  6,100   $ 13,879   $ 53,652

              PRI SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following selected consolidated financial data should be read in
conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements of PRI and
related notes thereto included in PRI's annual reports, quarterly reports and
other information on file with the SEC. The results of operations data for each
of the two years in the period ended September 30, 1998 and the balance sheet
data as of September 30, 1997, 1998 and 1999, have been derived from financial
statements not incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. The results of operations data for each of the three years in the
period ended September 30, 2001 and the balance sheet data as of September 30,
2000 and 2001, have been derived from audited financial statements incorporated
by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

     PRI incurred special charges of $32,495,000, $6,375,000, $25,337,000, and
$41,417,000 for fiscal years 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001, respectively. For the
year ended September 30, 1998, special charges consisted of $13,987,000 charged
to cost of revenue for inventory and warranty provisions, and $18,508,000
charged to operating expenses for acquisition related expenses and other charges
incurred in consolidating PRI's business unit structure.

     For the year ended September 30, 2001, PRI recorded a non-cash charge of
$5,748,000, net of tax, or $0.23 per diluted share, to reflect the cumulative
effect of an accounting change as of October 1, 2000, related to the adoption of
SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements."

     For the year ended September 30, 1999, PRI established a full valuation
allowance against its net deferred tax assets.

                                                        YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                            1997       1998       1999       2000       2001
                                          --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

OPERATING RESULTS:
Net revenue.............................  $236,100   $203,545   $136,296   $299,772   $268,558
Gross profit............................   115,128     78,790     52,542     95,173     35,330
Operating income (loss).................    35,316    (31,014)   (37,955)    (9,280)   (94,558)
Income (loss) before cumulative effect
  of change in accounting principle.....    27,497    (22,623)   (36,085)    (7,953)   (93,296)
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle, net of tax......        --         --         --         --     (5,748)
Net income (loss).......................  $ 27,497   $(22,623)  $(36,085)  $ (7,953)  $(99,044)
Net income (loss) per common share:
  Basic.................................  $   1.35   $  (1.08)  $  (1.67)  $  (0.34)  $  (3.92)
  Diluted...............................  $   1.27   $  (1.08)  $  (1.67)  $  (0.34)  $  (3.92)
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Total assets............................  $195,315   $167,478   $146,552   $276,924   $218,955

         SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following tables show summary unaudited pro forma financial information
as if Brooks, General Precision, Inc., or GPI, and PRI had been combined as of
the beginning of the period for statement of operations purposes and as of
September 30, 2001 for balance sheet purposes. On October 5, 2001, Brooks
acquired substantially all of the assets of GPI, in exchange for 850,000 shares
of Brooks common stock, with a market value of approximately $25 million at the
time of issuance, subject to post-closing adjustments. GPI, located in Valencia,
California, is a supplier of high-end environmental solutions for the
semiconductor industry. The acquisition of GPI will be accounted for as a
purchase of assets.

     The summary unaudited pro forma combined financial data are derived from
the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements, which give effect to
Brooks' acquisition of GPI in October 2001 and the proposed merger of Brooks and
PRI using the purchase method of accounting and should be read in conjunction
with the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements and the notes thereto
included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited pro forma
combined financial data are based on estimates and assumptions, which are
preliminary and have been made solely for purposes of developing such pro forma
information. The estimated pro forma adjustments arising from the acquisitions
of PRI and GPI are derived from the estimates of purchase price paid and
estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The final
determination of purchase price, fair value and resulting goodwill may differ
significantly from that reflected in the pro forma statement of operations and
balance sheet. The pro forma data are presented for illustrative purposes only
and are not necessarily indicative of the operating results or financial
position that would have occurred if each transaction had been consummated as of
October 1, 2000 or September 30, 2001, respectively, nor are the data
necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial position. The
unaudited pro forma combined financial data should be read in conjunction with
the historical consolidated financial statements of Brooks and PRI and related
notes thereto, and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" of Brooks and PRI contained in their respective
annual reports and quarterly reports and other information Brooks and PRI have
filed with the SEC, and the audited financial statements of GPI included in
Brooks' current report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 7, 2001.

     The fiscal year end of GPI was December 31. The pro forma statement of
operations for the year ended September 30, 2001 includes the unaudited results
for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 and the first,
second and third quarters of fiscal 2001 of GPI. The pro forma combined balance
sheet data include the balance sheet data of GPI at September 30, 2001, which
are derived from the unaudited financial statements of GPI as of September 30,
2001.

                                                                   YEAR ENDED
                                                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                                                              ---------------------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
                                                                 PER SHARE DATA)

PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
  Revenues..................................................        $ 665,781
  Loss from continuing operations...........................        $(165,670)
Loss per share from continuing operations:
  Basic.....................................................        $   (5.15)
  Diluted...................................................        $   (5.15)
Shares used in computing loss per share from continuing
  operations:
  Basic.....................................................           32,174
  Diluted...................................................           32,174

                                                              SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                                                              ------------------
                                                                (IN THOUSANDS)

PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Total assets..............................................      $1,482,485
  Working capital...........................................      $  368,073
  Notes payable.............................................      $   17,122
  Current portion of long-term debt.........................      $      494
  Convertible subordinated notes............................      $  175,000
  Long-term debt (less current portion).....................      $       45
  Stockholders' equity......................................      $  963,271

                           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

     The following table reflects (i) the historical loss from continuing
operations and book value per share of Brooks common stock in comparison with
the pro forma loss from continuing operations and book value per share after
giving effect to the acquisition of GPI and to the proposed merger with PRI; and
(ii) the historical loss from continuing operations and book value per share of
PRI common stock in comparison with the equivalent pro forma loss from
continuing operations and book value per share. The equivalent pro forma loss
from continuing operations and book value per share are equal to the pro forma
loss from continuing operations and book value per share of Brooks after giving
effect to the acquisition of GPI and to the proposed merger with PRI, multiplied
by 0.52, the number of shares of Brooks common stock to be issued in exchange
for each share of PRI common stock. You should read this information along with
the selected historical consolidated financial data of Brooks and PRI, and the
unaudited pro forma combined financial data of Brooks, which are included in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the separate financial statements of
Brooks and PRI and the notes thereto included in their respective annual reports
on Form 10-K for fiscal 2001 as filed with the SEC, which are incorporated by
reference in this document. The pro forma combined financial data are not
necessarily indicative of the operating results of future operations or the
actual results that would have occurred had the merger been completed at the
beginning of the period presented.

     The historical book value per common share was calculated by dividing
stockholders' equity by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at
September 30, 2001. Brooks' pro forma combined book value per share was computed
by dividing pro forma stockholders' equity by the pro forma number of shares of
Brooks common stock which would have been outstanding had the merger been
completed as of the balance sheet date.

     Brooks and PRI did not declare or pay cash dividends on their common stock
in the year ended September 30, 2001. They do not intend to pay dividends on
their common stock in the foreseeable future. See "Comparative Per Share Market
Price and Dividend Data."

                                                                  YEAR ENDED
                                                              SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                                                              ------------------

BROOKS
Loss from continuing operations per share:
  Historical -- basic and diluted...........................        $(1.65)
  Pro forma (Brooks and GPI only) -- basic and diluted......        $(1.62)
  Pro forma -- basic and diluted............................        $(5.15)

Book value per share:
  Historical................................................        $22.44
  Pro forma (Brooks and GPI only)...........................        $22.74
  Pro forma.................................................        $29.14

PRI

Loss from continuing operations per share:
  Historical -- basic and diluted...........................        $(3.69)
  Equivalent pro forma -- basic and diluted.................        $(2.68)

Book value per share:
  Historical................................................        $ 4.05
  Equivalent pro forma......................................        $15.15

           CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus includes and incorporates by
reference "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
with respect to the merger and the financial condition, results of operations,
plans, objectives, future performance and business of Brooks and PRI, which are
usually identified by the use of words such as "will," "may," "anticipates,"
"believes," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "plans," "predicts,"
"continues," "intends," "should," "would," or similar expressions. This joint
proxy statement/prospectus also includes and incorporates by reference
forward-looking statements about the completion and anticipated timing of the
merger, the potential market for the combined company's products, the expected
drivers of growth for the market opportunity, the anticipated impact of PRI's
technology on Brooks' future growth, the expected benefits of the merger and the
anticipated impact of the acquisition on the combined company's financial
condition. PRI and Brooks intend for these forward-looking statements to be
covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this
statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions.

     These forward-looking statements reflect current views and expectations
about the relevant company's plans, strategies and prospects, which are based on
the information currently available and on current assumptions.

     Neither PRI nor Brooks can give any guarantee that these plans, intentions
or expectations will be achieved. Investors are cautioned that all
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results
may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as
a result of various factors, including those factors described in the "Risk
Factors" section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Listed below and
discussed elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are some important
risks, uncertainties and contingencies that could cause actual results,
performances or achievements of PRI, Brooks or the combined company to be
materially different from the forward-looking statements included or
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. These risks,
uncertainties and contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following:

     - the risk that the transaction may not be completed because the parties do
       not obtain necessary stockholder approvals, or because other conditions
       to completion of the transactions are not satisfied;

     - the possibility that the combined company will be unable to realize the
       anticipated benefits and synergies of the merger;

     - difficulties associated with successfully integrating PRI's and Brooks'
       businesses and technologies and the costs associated with this
       integration;

     - the possible failure of the combined company to retain and hire key
       executives, technical personnel and other employees;

     - the difficulty of successfully managing a larger organization and any
       growth as a combined company;

     - the possible failure of the combined company to successfully manage its
       changing relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, and
       strategic partners;

     - difficulties and uncertainties inherent in product development, including
       PRI's TurboStocker product line;

     - risks relating to PRI's and Brooks' businesses and how they could affect
       the operations of the combined company;

     - the combined company's ability to maintain customer acceptance of its
       products by meeting shifting consumer demands and changing requirements;

     - government laws and regulations affecting domestic and foreign
       operations, including those relating to trade, monetary and fiscal
       policies, taxes, price controls, regulatory approval of new products and
       licensing;

     - competitive factors and industry trends, technological advances achieved
       and patents obtained by competitors and the combined company's ability to
       respond to those actions; and

     - economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations in interest rates
       and foreign currency exchange rates and the potential effect of these
       fluctuations on revenues, expenses and resulting margins.

     In addition, events may occur in the future that we are not able to
accurately predict or control and that may cause actual results to differ
materially from the expectations described in the forward-looking statements.
Readers should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements
included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the
statements were made. In evaluating forward-looking statements, you should
consider these risks and uncertainties, together with the other risks described
from time to time in PRI's and Brooks' reports and documents filed with the SEC.

     NEITHER BROOKS NOR PRI ASSUMES ANY OBLIGATION TO UPDATE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS TO REFLECT EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES AFTER THE DATE OF THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

                                  RISK FACTORS

     In addition to the other information included and incorporated by reference
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should carefully read and consider
the following factors in evaluating the proposals relating to the merger to be
voted on at the stockholders meetings.

                          RISKS RELATED TO THE MERGER

FAILURE OF THE MERGER TO ACHIEVE POTENTIAL BENEFITS COULD HARM THE BUSINESS AND
OPERATING RESULTS OF THE COMBINED COMPANY.

     Brooks and PRI expect that the combination of Brooks and PRI will result in
potential benefits for the combined company. The merger will not achieve its
anticipated benefits unless Brooks successfully combines its operations with
those of PRI and integrates the two companies' products in a timely manner.
Integrating Brooks and PRI will be a complex, time consuming and expensive
process and may result in revenue disruption if not completed in a timely and
efficient manner. Until the merger, Brooks and PRI will operate independently,
each with its own business, business culture, customers, employees and systems.
Following the merger, the companies must operate as a combined organization
using common:

     - sales, marketing, service and support organizations;

     - information communication systems;

     - operating procedures;

     - financial controls; and

     - human resource practices, including benefit, training and professional
       development programs.

     There may be substantial difficulties, costs and delays involved in
integrating Brooks and PRI. These could include:

     - distracting management from the business of the combined company;

     - supply chain coordination;

     - problems with compatibility of business cultures;

     - customer perception of an adverse change in service standards, business
       focus, billing practices or product and service offerings;

     - costs and inefficiencies in delivering products and services to the
       customers of the combined company;

     - problems in successfully coordinating the research and development
       efforts of the combined company;

     - integrated sales, support and product marketing;

     - costs and delays in implementing common systems and procedures, including
       financial accounting and enterprise resource planning systems; and

     - the inability to retain and integrate key management, research and
       development, technical sales and customer support personnel.

     Further, we cannot assure you that the combined company will realize any of
the anticipated benefits and synergies of the merger. Any one or all of the
factors identified above could cause increased operating costs, lower than
anticipated financial performance, or the loss of customers, employees or
business partners. The failure to integrate Brooks and PRI successfully will
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results
of operations of the combined company.

UNCERTAINTY REGARDING THE MERGER MAY CAUSE CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND CHANNEL
PARTNERS TO DELAY OR DEFER DECISIONS CONCERNING BROOKS AND PRI, WHICH MAY
NEGATIVELY AFFECT THEIR RESPECTIVE BUSINESSES.

     The merger will happen only if stated conditions are met, including
approval of the merger by PRI's stockholders, approval of the issuance of shares
in the merger by Brooks' stockholders, clearance of the merger under United
States and foreign antitrust laws, and the absence of any material adverse
change in the business of PRI or Brooks. Many of the conditions are outside the
control of PRI and Brooks, and both parties also have stated rights to terminate
the merger agreement. Accordingly, there may be uncertainty regarding the
completion of the merger. This uncertainty may cause customers, suppliers and
channel partners to delay or defer decisions concerning PRI or Brooks, which
could negatively affect their respective businesses. Customers, suppliers and
channel partners may also seek to change existing agreements with PRI or Brooks
as a result of the merger. Any delay or deferral of those decisions or changes
in existing agreements could have a material adverse effect on the respective
businesses of PRI and Brooks, regardless of whether the merger is ultimately
completed.

PRI STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE A FIXED NUMBER OF SHARES OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK
DESPITE CHANGES IN MARKET VALUE OF PRI COMMON STOCK OR BROOKS COMMON STOCK, AND
THE DOLLAR VALUE OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK RECEIVED IN THE MERGER MAY INCREASE OR
DECREASE AFTER PRI STOCKHOLDERS SUBMIT THEIR PROXIES.

     Upon the merger's completion, each share of PRI common stock will be
exchanged for 0.52 shares of Brooks common stock. There will be no adjustment
for changes in the market price of either PRI common stock or Brooks common
stock. In addition, neither PRI nor Brooks may terminate the merger agreement or
"walk away" from the merger or resolicit the vote of its stockholders solely
because of changes in the market price of the PRI common stock or the Brooks
common stock. Accordingly, the specific dollar value of Brooks common stock that
PRI stockholders will receive upon the merger's completion will depend on the
market value of Brooks common stock when the merger is completed and may
decrease from the date you submit your proxy. The market price of Brooks common
stock is by nature subject to the general price fluctuations in the market for
publicly traded equity securities and has experienced significant volatility. In
addition, the market price of the common stock of Brooks and PRI may decline as
a result of any of the risks described in this section. We urge you to obtain
current market quotations for Brooks common stock and PRI common stock. Brooks
cannot predict or give any assurances as to the market price of Brooks common
stock at any time before or after the completion of the merger.

FAILURE TO RETAIN KEY EMPLOYEES COULD DIMINISH THE ANTICIPATED BENEFITS OF THE
MERGER.

     The success of the merger will depend in part on the retention of personnel
critical to the business and operations of the combined company due to, for
example, their technical skills or management expertise. Employees may
experience uncertainty about their future role with Brooks and PRI until
strategies with regard to these employees are announced or executed. Brooks and
PRI have different corporate cultures, and some Brooks and PRI employees may not
want to work for the combined company. In addition, competitors may recruit
employees during Brooks' integration of PRI, as is common in high technology
mergers. If Brooks and PRI are unable to retain personnel that are critical to
the successful integration and future operation of the companies, Brooks and PRI
could face disruptions in their operations, loss of existing customers, loss of
key information, expertise or know-how, and unanticipated additional recruitment
and training costs. In addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish the
anticipated benefits of the merger.

THE MARKET PRICE OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK MAY DECLINE AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER.

     The market price of Brooks common stock may decline as a result of the
merger if:

     - the integration of Brooks and PRI is unsuccessful;

     - Brooks does not achieve or is perceived not to have achieved the expected
       benefits of the merger as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by
       financial or industry analysts or investors; or

     - the effect of the merger on Brooks' financial results is not consistent
       with the expectations of financial or industry analysts or investors.

     The market price of the Brooks common stock could also decline as a result
of unforeseen factors related to the merger or other factors described in this
section.

THE MERGER MAY GO FORWARD IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES EVEN IF BROOKS OR PRI SUFFERS
A MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE.

     In general, either party can refuse to complete the merger if there is a
material adverse change affecting the other party before the closing. However,
neither party may refuse to complete the merger on that basis if the change
results from:

     - adverse changes in general economic, regulatory or political conditions,
       unless the change disproportionately affects the other party;

     - adverse changes in the semiconductor capital equipment industry, the flat
       panel display manufacturing equipment industry, or the data storage
       industry generally, unless the change disproportionately affects the
       other party;

     - any change in the trading price of the common stock of the other party;

     - any failure to meet revenue, earnings or bookings predictions; or

     - any reduction-in-force.

     If adverse changes occur but Brooks and PRI must still complete the merger,
Brooks' stock price may suffer. This in turn may reduce the value of the merger
to Brooks and PRI stockholders.

IF GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITIES CHALLENGE THE MERGER, THE MERGER MAY NOT OCCUR, MAY
BE DELAYED OR MAY OCCUR ON UNFAVORABLE TERMS IMPOSED BY THE GOVERNMENTAL
AUTHORITIES.

     Before Brooks and PRI may complete the merger, they must submit
notifications to antitrust authorities in the United States, Germany and
potentially other foreign countries and satisfy related waiting period
requirements. Pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, Brooks and PRI on November
13, 2001 submitted a Premerger Notification and Report Form with respect to the
merger to the United States Department of Justice and the United States Federal
Trade Commission. On December 13, 2001, each of Brooks and PRI received a
request for additional information and other documentary material, commonly
called a second request, from the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of
Justice. Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, this second request extends the
waiting period for the merger until 30 days after the parties' substantial
compliance with the request, unless the parties and the Department of Justice
agree on a different time period. The Department of Justice, state antitrust
authorities or the antitrust authorities of another country could attempt to
prevent the merger from occurring before or after the expiration of the
Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period, or could place conditions on their approval of
the merger that may delay the merger, increase the combined company's operating
costs, require it to discontinue or dispose of some of its products or
businesses or otherwise limit its future actions. Any such conditions could have
a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of the
combined company.

THE MERGER WILL RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION OF THE OWNERSHIP INTERESTS OF
CURRENT BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS.

     Upon completion of the merger, each share of PRI common stock will be
exchanged for 0.52 shares of Brooks common stock. As a result, the current
stockholders of Brooks will own approximately 60% of the outstanding common
stock of the combined company, based on the number of outstanding shares of
common stock of Brooks and PRI on December 7, 2001. This represents substantial
dilution of the ownership interests of the current Brooks stockholders.

THE COSTS OF THE MERGER WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL, WHICH COULD HARM THE FINANCIAL
RESULTS OF THE COMBINED COMPANY.

     Brooks and PRI expect to incur one-time and other charges of between $65
million and $75 million in connection with the merger. These charges exclude
direct transaction costs and capital expenditures to support the merger. If the
benefits of the merger do not exceed the costs associated with the merger,
including any dilution to Brooks stockholders resulting from the issuance of
shares of Brooks

common stock in the merger, the combined company's financial results, including
earnings per share, could suffer, and the market price of the combined company's
common stock could decline.

THE TERMINATION FEE AND RESTRICTIONS ON SOLICITATION CONTAINED IN THE MERGER
AGREEMENT MAY DISCOURAGE OTHER COMPANIES FROM TRYING TO ACQUIRE PRI.

     Until the completion of the merger, with limited exceptions, the merger
agreement prohibits PRI from entering into or soliciting any acquisition
proposal or offer for a merger or other business combination with a party other
than Brooks. PRI has agreed to pay Brooks a termination fee of $14 million plus
reimbursement of expenses in specified circumstances, including where PRI's
board of directors withdraws its support of the merger with Brooks to support a
business combination with a third party. These provisions could discourage other
companies from trying to acquire PRI even though those other companies might be
willing to offer greater value to PRI stockholders than Brooks has offered in
the merger.

THE RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF PRI COMMON STOCK WILL CHANGE AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER.

     After the merger, stockholders of PRI, a Massachusetts corporation, will
become stockholders of Brooks, a Delaware corporation, and their rights will be
governed by Delaware law and Brooks' charter and bylaws, which are different
from Massachusetts law and PRI's charter and bylaws. As a result of these
differences, PRI stockholders may have less control over corporate actions
proposed to be taken by Brooks than they would have had over corporate actions
proposed to be taken by PRI. These differences include:

     - as long as the Brooks common stock is publicly traded, holders of that
       stock generally do not have appraisal rights in connection with any
       merger involving Brooks;

     - PRI's charter cannot be amended without the affirmative vote of not less
       than two-thirds of each class of stock outstanding and entitled to vote.
       In contrast, once a majority of the Brooks board approves, the Brooks
       charter can be amended with the approval of holders of only a majority of
       each class of stock outstanding and entitled to vote; and

     - certain provisions of the PRI bylaws can only be amended with the
       approval of the holders of at least 80% of the voting power of all PRI
       shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
       together as a single class. In contrast, any provision of the Brooks
       bylaws can be amended with the approval of the holders of only a majority
       of the stock outstanding and entitled to vote.

     For more information, see "Comparison of Stockholder Rights," beginning on
page 97.

FAILURE TO COMPLETE THE MERGER COULD CAUSE BROOKS' AND PRI'S STOCK PRICE TO
DECLINE AND COULD HARM BROOKS' AND PRI'S BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

     The merger agreement contains conditions which Brooks and/or PRI must meet
to complete the merger. In addition, the merger agreement may be terminated by
either Brooks or PRI under specified circumstances. If the merger is not
completed for any reason, Brooks and PRI may be subject to a number of risks,
including the following:

     - the market price of Brooks and PRI common stock may decline to the extent
       that the relevant current market price reflects a market assumption that
       the merger will be completed;

     - many costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting, financial
       advisor and financial printing fees, have to be paid regardless of
       whether the merger is completed; and

     - there may be substantial disruption to the businesses of Brooks and PRI
       and distraction of their workforces and management teams.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF BROOKS AND PRI WILL RECEIVE BENEFITS THAT MAY HAVE
INFLUENCED THEM TO SUPPORT OR APPROVE THE MERGER.

     Some of the directors and officers of Brooks and PRI have interests in the
merger that are different from the interests of the stockholders of Brooks and
PRI, including the following:

     - Robert J. Therrien, Brooks' president and a member of its board of
       directors, will receive more favorable salary and supplemental retirement
       benefits under his employment agreement with Brooks in the merger with
       PRI is completed;

     - Brooks has approved a new, more favorable compensation package for its
       nonemployee directors in the event the merger with PRI is completed;

     - all officers and numerous other employees of PRI have retention
       agreements under which they will be entitled to severance payments if
       Brooks does not offer them employment after the merger at a comparable
       salary. These officers and employees will also be entitled to accelerated
       vesting of all of their outstanding options, including the PRI options
       assumed by Brooks in the merger, if Brooks does not offer them employment
       after the merger at a comparable salary, or if Brooks offers them such
       employment and they remain in their new positions for one year after the
       merger;

     - Mitchell G. Tyson, the president and chief executive officer of PRI, as
       well as a member of PRI's board of directors, has entered into an
       employment agreement with Brooks which will become effective if the
       merger is completed under which he will be entitled to six months of
       salary payments, 100% accelerated vesting of all of his outstanding
       options, a retention bonus in the event that he fulfills his six month
       employment obligation, and payments in exchange for a two year non-
       competition covenant;

     - Brooks has agreed that upon the completion of the merger, Mitchell G.
       Tyson and Kenneth M. Thompson, each of whom are currently PRI directors,
       will be appointed to the board of directors of Brooks; and

     - Brooks has agreed to maintain all rights to indemnification now existing
       in favor of the current and former directors and officers of PRI and its
       subsidiaries against liabilities arising out of their service as officers
       and directors of PRI before the merger.

                        RISKS RELATED TO BROOKS AND PRI

     The following risk factors apply to each of Brooks and PRI and are expected
to apply to Brooks after completion of the merger.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO BROOKS' AND PRI'S INDUSTRY

THE CYCLICAL DEMAND OF SEMICONDUCTOR MANUFACTURERS AFFECTS BROOKS' AND PRI'S
OPERATING RESULTS AND THE ONGOING DOWNTURN IN THAT INDUSTRY COULD SERIOUSLY HARM
THE COMBINED COMPANY'S OPERATING RESULTS.

     Brooks' and PRI's business is significantly dependent on capital
expenditures by semiconductor manufacturers. The level of semiconductor
manufacturers' capital expenditures is dependent on the current and anticipated
market demand for semiconductors. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical
and is currently experiencing a downturn. Brooks and PRI anticipate the downturn
will continue during the next few quarters. Despite these industry conditions,
Brooks and PRI each plan to continue to invest in those areas which it believes
are important to its long-term growth, such as its infrastructure and
information technology systems, customer support, supply chain management and
new products. As a result, consistent with their experience in downturns in the
past, Brooks and PRI believe the current industry downturn will lead to reduced
revenues for them and may cause them to incur losses.

INDUSTRY CONSOLIDATION AND OUTSOURCING OF THE MANUFACTURE OF SEMICONDUCTORS TO
FOUNDRIES COULD REDUCE THE NUMBER OF AVAILABLE CUSTOMERS.

     The substantial expense of building or expanding a semiconductor
fabrication facility is leading increasing numbers of semiconductor companies to
contract with foundries, which manufacture semiconductors designed by others. As
manufacturing is shifted to foundries, the number of Brooks' and PRI's potential
customers could decrease, which would increase their dependence on their
remaining customers. Recently, consolidation within the semiconductor
manufacturing industry has increased. If semiconductor manufacturing is
consolidated into a small number of foundries and other large companies, Brooks'
and PRI's failure to win any significant bid to supply equipment to those
customers could seriously harm their reputation and materially and adversely
affect their revenue and operating results.

THE FUTURE OPERATIONS OF THE COMBINED COMPANY COULD BE HARMED IF THE COMMERCIAL
ADOPTION OF 300MM WAFER TECHNOLOGY CONTINUES TO PROGRESS SLOWLY OR IS HALTED.

     The future operations of the combined company depend in part on the
adoption of new systems and technologies to automate the processing of 300mm
wafers. However, the industry transition from the current, widely used 200mm
manufacturing technology to 300mm manufacturing technology is occurring more
slowly than expected. A significant delay in the adoption of 300mm manufacturing
technology, or the failure of the industry to adopt 300mm manufacturing
technology, could significantly impair the operations of the combined company.
Moreover, continued delay in transition to 300mm technology could permit
competitors to introduce competing or superior 300mm products at more
competitive prices. As a result of these factors, competition for 300mm orders
is vigorous and could harm Brooks' results of operations. Brooks' proposed
merger with PRI does not mitigate this risk. Manufacturers implementing factory
automation in 300mm pilot projects typically seek to purchase systems from
multiple vendors. To date, nearly all manufacturers with pilot projects have
selected PRI's competitors' systems for these projects. Manufacturers' awards to
PRI's competitors of early 300mm orders could make it more difficult for PRI to
win orders from those manufacturers for their full-scale 300mm production
facilities. In addition, PRI's competitive position in the market for 300mm
products could be adversely affected by its manufacturing problems with
TurboStocker.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO BROOKS' AND PRI'S OPERATIONS

BROOKS' AND PRI'S SALES VOLUME SUBSTANTIALLY DEPENDS ON THE SALES VOLUME OF
BROOKS' AND PRI'S ORIGINAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURER CUSTOMERS AND ON INVESTMENT IN
MAJOR CAPITAL EXPANSION PROGRAMS BY END-USER SEMICONDUCTOR MANUFACTURING
COMPANIES.

     Brooks and PRI sell a majority of their tool automation products to
original equipment manufacturers that incorporate Brooks' and PRI's products
into their equipment. Therefore, Brooks' and PRI's revenues depend on the
ability of these customers to develop, market and sell their equipment in a
timely, cost-effective manner.

     Brooks and PRI also generate significant revenues from large orders from
semiconductor manufacturing companies that build new plants or invest in major
automation retrofits. Brooks' and PRI's revenues depend, in part, on continued
capital investment by semiconductor manufacturing companies.

DEMAND FOR BROOKS' AND PRI'S PRODUCTS FLUCTUATES RAPIDLY AND UNPREDICTABLY,
WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO MANAGE THEIR BUSINESSES EFFICIENTLY AND CAN REDUCE
THEIR GROSS MARGINS AND PROFITABILITY.

     Brooks' and PRI's expense levels are based in part on their expectations
for future demand. Many expenses, particularly those relating to capital
equipment and manufacturing overhead, are relatively fixed. The rapid, and
unpredictable shifts in demand for Brooks' and PRI's products make it difficult
to plan manufacturing capacity and business operations efficiently. If demand is
significantly below expectations Brooks and PRI may be unable to rapidly reduce
these fixed costs, which can diminish gross margins and cause losses. A sudden
downturn may also leave Brooks and PRI with excess inventory, which may be
rendered obsolete as products evolve during the downturn and demand shifts to
newer products. For example, as a result of the current industry downturn, PRI
recorded special charges in the second and

fourth quarters of fiscal year 2001 in the aggregate amount of $9.7 million
relating to inventory write-downs and costs associated with order cancellations.
Brooks' and PRI's ability to reduce expenses is further constrained because they
must continue to invest in research and development to maintain their
competitive position and to maintain service and support for their existing
global customer base. Conversely, in sudden upturns, Brooks and PRI sometimes
incur significant expenses to rapidly expedite delivery of components, procure
scarce components and outsource additional manufacturing processes. These
expenses could reduce their gross margins and overall profitability. Any of
these results could seriously harm Brooks' and PRI's business.

BROOKS AND PRI RELY ON A RELATIVELY LIMITED NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS FOR A LARGE
PORTION OF THEIR REVENUES AND BUSINESS.

     Brooks and PRI receive a significant portion of their revenues in each
fiscal period from a relatively limited number of customers. The loss of one or
more of these major customers, or a decrease in orders by one or more customers,
could adversely affect Brooks' and PRI's revenue, business and reputation. Sales
to Brooks' ten largest customers accounted for approximately 37% of total
revenues in fiscal 2001 and 43% of total revenues in fiscal 2000. Sales to PRI's
top ten customers accounted for 61% of PRI's total net revenue in fiscal 2001
and 54% in fiscal 2000. In fiscal 2001 two customers accounted for 21% and 11%
of PRI's total net revenue.

DELAYS IN OR CANCELLATION OF SHIPMENTS OR CUSTOMER ACCEPTANCE OF A FEW OF
BROOKS' AND PRI'S LARGE ORDERS COULD SUBSTANTIALLY DECREASE THEIR REVENUES OR
REDUCE THEIR STOCK PRICES.

     Historically, a substantial portion of Brooks' and PRI's quarterly and
annual revenues has come from sales of a small number of large orders. Some of
Brooks' products have high selling prices compared to Brooks' other products.
The purchase price of PRI's systems generally ranges from $3.0 million to $20.0
million, and PRI usually takes more than one or two fiscal quarters to deliver
and install these systems and obtain customer acceptance. As a result, the
timing of when Brooks and, particularly, PRI recognize revenue from one of these
large orders can have a significant impact on their total revenues and operating
results for a particular period because their sales in that fiscal period could
fall significantly below the expectations of financial analysts and investors.
This could cause the value of their common stock to fall. Brooks' and PRI's
operating results could be harmed if a small number of large orders are canceled
or rescheduled by customers or cannot be filled due to delays in manufacturing,
testing, shipping or product acceptance.

BROOKS AND PRI DO NOT HAVE LONG-TERM CONTRACTS WITH THEIR CUSTOMERS AND BROOKS'
AND PRI'S CUSTOMERS MAY CEASE PURCHASING THEIR PRODUCTS AT ANY TIME.

     Brooks and PRI generally do not have long-term contracts with their
customers. As a result, Brooks' and PRI's agreements with their customers do not
provide any assurance of future sales. Accordingly:

     - Brooks' and PRI's customers can cease purchasing their products at any
       time without penalty;

     - Brooks' and PRI's customers are free to purchase products from
       competitors;

     - Brooks and PRI are exposed to competitive price pressure on each order;
       and

     - Brooks' and PRI's customers are not required to make minimum purchases.

BROOKS' SYSTEMS INTEGRATION SERVICES BUSINESS HAS GROWN SIGNIFICANTLY RECENTLY,
AND POOR EXECUTION OF THOSE SERVICES COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT BROOKS' OPERATING
RESULTS.

     The number of projects Brooks is pursuing for its systems integration
services business has grown significantly recently. This business consists of
integrating combinations of Brooks software and hardware products to provide
more comprehensive solutions for Brooks' end-user customers. The delivery of
these services typically is complex, requiring that Brooks coordinate personnel
with varying technical backgrounds in performing substantial amounts of services
in accordance with timetables. Brooks is in the early stages of developing this
business, and it is subject to the risks attendant to entering a business in
which it has limited direct experience. In addition, Brooks' ability to supply
these services and increase its

revenues is limited by its ability to retain, hire and train systems integration
personnel. Brooks believes that there is significant competition for personnel
with the advanced skills and technical knowledge that it needs. Some of Brooks'
competitors may have greater resources to hire personnel with those skills and
knowledge. Brooks' operating margins could be adversely impacted if it does not
effectively hire and train additional personnel or deliver systems integration
services to its customers on a satisfactory and timely basis consistent with its
budgets.

BROOKS' AND PRI'S LENGTHY SALES CYCLES REQUIRE THEM TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT
EXPENSES WITH NO ASSURANCE THAT THEY WILL GENERATE REVENUE.

     Brooks' and PRI's tool automation products are generally incorporated into
original equipment manufacturer equipment at the design stage. To obtain new
business from original equipment manufacturer customers, Brooks and PRI must
develop products for selection by a potential customer at the design stage. This
often requires Brooks and PRI to make significant expenditures without any
assurance of success. The original equipment manufacturer's design decisions
often precede the generation of volume sales, if any, by a year or more. Brooks
and PRI cannot guarantee that the equipment manufactured by their original
equipment manufacturing customers will be commercially successful. If Brooks or
PRI or any of their respective original equipment manufacturing customers fails
to develop and introduce new products successfully and in a timely manner,
Brooks' or PRI's business, as the case may be, and financial results will
suffer.

     Brooks and PRI also must complete successfully a costly evaluation and
proposal process before they can achieve volume sales of factory automation
software and systems to customers. These undertakings are major decisions for
most prospective customers and typically involve significant capital commitments
and lengthy evaluation and approval processes. Brooks and PRI cannot guarantee
that they will continue to satisfy evaluations by their end-user customers.

BROOKS' AND PRI'S OPERATING RESULTS WOULD BE HARMED IF ONE OF THEIR KEY
SUPPLIERS FAILS TO DELIVER COMPONENTS FOR THEIR PRODUCTS.

     Brooks and PRI currently obtain many of their components on an as needed,
purchase order basis. Generally, Brooks and PRI do not have any long-term supply
contracts with their vendors and they believe many of their vendors have been
taking cost containment measures in response to the industry downturn. When
demand for semiconductor manufacturing equipment increases, Brooks' and PRI's
suppliers face significant challenges in delivering components on a timely
basis. Brooks' or PRI's inability to obtain components in required quantities or
of acceptable quality could result in significant delays or reductions in
product shipments. This could create customer dissatisfaction, cause lost
revenue and otherwise materially and adversely affect Brooks' and PRI's
operating results. Delays on Brooks' or PRI's part could also cause them to
incur contractual penalties for late delivery.

BROOKS MAY EXPERIENCE AND PRI MAY CONTINUE TO EXPERIENCE DELAYS AND TECHNICAL
DIFFICULTIES IN NEW PRODUCT INTRODUCTIONS AND MANUFACTURING, WHICH CAN ADVERSELY
AFFECT THEIR REVENUES, GROSS MARGINS AND NET INCOME.

     Because Brooks' and PRI's systems are complex, there can be a significant
lag between the time Brooks or PRI introduces a system and the time it begins to
produce that system in volume. As technology in the semiconductor industry
becomes more sophisticated, Brooks and PRI are finding it increasingly difficult
to design and integrate complex technologies into their systems, to procure
adequate supplies of specialized components, to train their technical and
manufacturing personnel and to make timely transitions to high-volume
manufacturing. Many customers also require customized systems, which compound
these difficulties. Brooks and PRI sometimes incur substantial unanticipated
costs to ensure that their new products function properly and reliably early in
their life cycle. These costs could include greater than expected installation
and support costs or increased materials costs as a result of expedited changes.
Brooks and PRI may not be able to pass these costs on to their customers. In
addition, Brooks and PRI have experienced, and may continue to experience,
difficulties in both low and high volume manufacturing. Any of these results
could seriously harm the businesses of Brooks and PRI.

     For example, beginning late in the third quarter of fiscal 2000, PRI
encountered manufacturing and supply chain problems relating to its TurboStocker
product, which PRI had planned to begin manufacturing in high volume in the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2000 in response to increased customer demand at that
time. These problems have delayed shipments and customer acceptance, which
caused PRI's revenues for fiscal 2000 and 2001 to be lower than expected and
also contributed to its net losses for these periods. Since PRI discovered these
problems, it has incurred substantial expenditures to address them, to improve
its TurboStocker manufacturing capabilities, and to repair or retrofit
TurboStockers already installed in the field where necessary. These costs also
contributed to PRI's losses for these periods. PRI is taking further steps to
remedy these problems, including consolidating its TurboStocker manufacturing
operations into a single location, upgrading its enterprise resource planning
system and outsourcing additional manufacturing processes. PRI's efforts to
solve its manufacturing problems with TurboStocker, or any new or enhanced
product, may not be successful, and PRI may encounter similar difficulties and
delays in the future. Moreover, on occasion both Brooks and PRI have failed to
meet their customers' delivery or performance criteria, and as a result Brooks
and PRI have deferred revenue recognition and incurred late delivery penalties
and had higher warranty and service costs. These failures could continue and
could also cause Brooks and PRI to lose business from those customers and suffer
long-term damage to their reputations.

BROOKS AND PRI MAY BE UNABLE TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN NECESSARY PERSONNEL BECAUSE
OF INTENSE COMPETITION FOR HIGHLY SKILLED PERSONNEL.

     Brooks and PRI need to retain a substantial number of employees with
technical backgrounds for both their hardware and software engineering,
manufacturing, sales and support staffs. The market for these employees is
intensively competitive, and Brooks and PRI have occasionally experienced delays
in hiring qualified personnel. Due to the cyclical nature of the demand for
their products and the current downturn in the semiconductor market, both Brooks
and PRI have recently reduced their workforces as cost reduction measures. If
the semiconductor market experiences an upturn, Brooks and PRI may need to
rebuild their workforces. Due to the competitive nature of the labor markets in
which Brooks and PRI operate, this type of employment cycle increases Brooks'
and PRI's risk of being unable to retain and recruit key personnel. Brooks' and
PRI's inability to recruit, retain and train adequate numbers of qualified
personnel on a timely basis could adversely affect their ability to develop,
manufacture, install and support their products and may result in lost revenue
and market share if customers seek alternative solutions.

BROOKS' AND PRI'S INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS OPERATIONS EXPOSE THEM TO A NUMBER OF
DIFFICULTIES IN COORDINATING THEIR ACTIVITIES ABROAD AND IN DEALING WITH
MULTIPLE REGULATORY ENVIRONMENTS.

     Sales to customers outside North America accounted for approximately 50% of
Brooks' total revenues in fiscal 2001, 48% in fiscal 2000, and 43% in fiscal
1999. Sales to customers outside the United States accounted for approximately
38% of PRI's total revenues in fiscal 2001, 36% in fiscal 2000 and 33% in fiscal
1999. Brooks and PRI anticipate that international sales will continue to
account for a significant portion of their revenues. Many of Brooks' and PRI's
vendors are located in foreign countries. As a result of their international
business operations, Brooks and PRI are subject to various risks, including:

     - difficulties in staffing and managing operations in multiple locations in
       many countries;

     - difficulties in managing distributors, representatives and third party
       systems integrators;

     - challenges presented by collecting trade accounts receivable in foreign
       jurisdictions;

     - longer sales cycles;

     - possible adverse tax consequences;

     - fewer legal protections for intellectual property;

     - governmental currency controls and restrictions on repatriation of
       earnings;

     - changes in various regulatory requirements;

     - political and economic changes and disruptions; and

     - export/import controls, trading policies and tariff regulations.

     To support their international customers, Brooks maintains locations in
several countries, including Belgium, Canada, China, Germany, Japan, Malaysia,
Singapore, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. PRI
maintains locations in several countries, including Canada, France, Germany,
Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and the United Kingdom. Brooks and PRI
cannot guarantee that they will be able to manage these operations effectively.
Brooks and PRI cannot assure you that their investment in these international
operations will enable them to compete successfully in international markets or
to meet the service and support needs of their customers, some of whom are
located in countries where Brooks and PRI have no infrastructure.

     Although Brooks' and PRI's international sales are primarily denominated in
U.S. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates can make it more difficult for
Brooks and PRI to compete with foreign manufacturers on price. If Brooks' and
PRI's international sales increase relative to their total revenues, these
factors could have a more pronounced effect on their operating results.

BROOKS AND PRI MUST CONTINUALLY IMPROVE THEIR TECHNOLOGY TO REMAIN COMPETITIVE.

     Technology changes rapidly in the semiconductor, data storage and flat
panel display manufacturing industries. Brooks and PRI believe their success
depends in part upon their ability to enhance their existing products and to
develop and market new products to meet customer needs, even in industry
downturns. For example, as the semiconductor industry transitions from 200mm
manufacturing technology to 300mm technology, Brooks and PRI believe it is
important to their future success to develop and sell new products that are
compatible with 300mm technology. If competitors introduce new technologies or
new products, Brooks' and PRI's sales could decline and their existing products
could lose market acceptance. Brooks and PRI cannot guarantee that they will
identify and adjust to changing market conditions or succeed in introducing
commercially rewarding products or product enhancements. The success of Brooks'
and PRI's product development and introduction depends on a number of factors,
including:

     - accurately identifying and defining new market opportunities and
       products;

     - completing and introducing new product designs in a timely manner;

     - market acceptance of Brooks' and PRI's products and their customers'
       products;

     - timely and efficient software development, testing and process;

     - timely and efficient implementation of manufacturing and assembly
       processes;

     - product performance in the field;

     - development of a comprehensive, integrated product strategy; and

     - efficient implementation and installation and technical support services.

     Because Brooks and PRI must commit resources to product development well in
advance of sales, their product development decisions must anticipate
technological advances by leading semiconductor manufacturers. Brooks and PRI
may not succeed in that effort. Their inability to select, develop, manufacture
and market new products or enhance their existing products could cause them to
lose their competitive positions and could seriously harm their businesses.

BROOKS AND PRI FACE SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION WHICH COULD RESULT IN DECREASED
DEMAND FOR THEIR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.

     The markets for Brooks' and PRI's products are intensely competitive.
Brooks and PRI may be unable to compete successfully.

     Brooks believes the primary competitive factors in the tool automation
systems segment are throughput, reliability, contamination control, accuracy and
price/performance. Brooks believes that its primary competition in the tool
automation market is from integrated original equipment manufacturers that
satisfy their semiconductor and flat panel display handling needs internally
rather than by purchasing

systems or modules from an independent supplier like Brooks. Many of these
original equipment manufacturers have substantially greater resources than
Brooks does. Applied Materials, Inc., the leading process equipment original
equipment manufacturer, develops and manufactures its own central wafer handling
systems and modules. Brooks may not be successful in selling its products to
original equipment manufacturers that internally satisfy their wafer or
substrate handling needs, regardless of the performance or the price of Brooks
products. Moreover, integrated original equipment manufacturers may begin to
commercialize their handling capabilities and become Brooks competitors.

     Brooks believes that the primary competitive factors in the factory
interface market are technical and technological capabilities, reliability,
price/performance, ease of integration and global sales and support capability.
In this market, Brooks competes directly with Asyst, Rorze, Fortrend, Newport,
TDK, Yasakawa and Hirata. Some of these competitors have substantial financial
resources and extensive engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities.

     Brooks believes that the primary competitive factors in the end-user
semiconductor manufacturer market for factory automation and process control
solutions are product functionality, price/performance, ease of use, ease of
integration and installation, hardware and software platform compatibility,
costs to support and maintain, vendor reputation and financial stability. The
relative importance of these competitive factors may change over time. Brooks
directly competes in this market with various competitors, including Applied
Materials-Consilium, IBM, Si-view, Compaq, TRW, Camstar and numerous small,
independent software companies. Brooks also competes with the in-house software
staffs of semiconductor manufacturers like NEC, Texas Instruments and Intel.
Most of those manufacturers have substantially greater resources than Brooks
does.

     PRI's factory automation systems division competes with Daifuku, Murata
Machinery, Shinko Electric and a number of other smaller foreign and domestic
manufacturers of automated machinery used in semiconductor fabrication
facilities. The primary competitive factors in the market are quality,
robustness and performance, price, ease of integration, vendor reputation,
financial stability, support and on-time delivery.

BROOKS' RECENT RAPID GROWTH IS STRAINING ITS OPERATIONS AND REQUIRING IT TO
INCUR COSTS TO UPGRADE ITS INFRASTRUCTURE.

     During fiscal 2000 and 2001, Brooks experienced extremely rapid growth in
its operations, its product offerings and the geographic area of its operations.
The proposed merger with PRI will continue this trend. Brooks' growth has placed
a significant strain on its management, operations and financial systems.
Brooks' future operating results will depend in part on its ability to continue
to implement and improve its operating and financial controls and management
information systems. If Brooks fails to manage its growth effectively, its
financial condition, results of operations and business could be harmed.

MUCH OF BROOKS' AND PRI'S SUCCESS AND VALUE LIES IN THEIR OWNERSHIP AND USE OF
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, AND THEIR FAILURE TO PROTECT THAT PROPERTY COULD
ADVERSELY AFFECT THEIR FUTURE OPERATIONS.

     Brooks' and PRI's ability to compete is heavily affected by their ability
to protect their intellectual property. Brooks and PRI rely primarily on trade
secret laws, confidentiality procedures, patents, copyrights, trademarks and
licensing arrangements to protect their intellectual property. The steps Brooks
and PRI have taken to protect their technology may be inadequate. Existing trade
secret, trademark and copyright laws offer only limited protection. Brooks' and
PRI's patents could be invalidated or circumvented. The laws of certain foreign
countries in which Brooks' and PRI's products are or may be developed,
manufactured or sold may not fully protect their products. This may make the
possibility of piracy of Brooks' and PRI's technology and products more likely.
Brooks and PRI cannot guarantee that the steps they have taken to protect their
intellectual property will be adequate to prevent misappropriation of their
technology. Other companies could independently develop similar or superior
technology without violating Brooks' or PRI's proprietary rights. There has been
substantial litigation regarding patent and

other intellectual property rights in semiconductor-related industries. Brooks
and PRI may engage in litigation to:

     - enforce their patents;

     - protect their trade secrets or know-how;

     - defend themselves against claims alleging they infringe the rights of
       others; or

     - determine the scope and validity of the patents or intellectual property
       rights of others.

     Any litigation could result in substantial cost to Brooks and PRI and
divert the attention of their managements, which could harm their operating
results and their future operations.

BROOKS' AND PRI'S OPERATIONS COULD INFRINGE ON THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
OF OTHERS.

     Particular aspects of Brooks' and PRI's technology could be found to
infringe on the intellectual property rights or patents of others. Other
companies may hold or obtain patents on inventions or may otherwise claim
proprietary rights to technology necessary to Brooks' and PRI's businesses.
Brooks and PRI cannot predict the extent to which they may be required to seek
licenses or alter their products so that they no longer infringe the rights of
others. Brooks and PRI cannot guarantee that the terms of any licenses they may
be required to seek will be reasonable. Similarly, changing Brooks' and PRI's
products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly or
impractical or could detract from the value of their products. A party making a
claim of infringement could secure a judgment against Brooks or PRI that
requires it to pay substantial damages. A judgment could also include an
injunction or other court order that could prevent Brooks or PRI from selling
its products. Any claim of infringement by a third party also could cause Brooks
or PRI to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, even if the claim
is invalid, and could distract the attention of Brooks' or PRI's management. Any
of these events could seriously harm Brooks' or PRI's business.

BROOKS' BUSINESS MAY BE HARMED BY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS OF GENERAL SIGNAL OR
APPLIED MATERIALS.

     Brooks received notice from General Signal Corporation alleging certain of
Brooks' products infringed its patent rights. The notification advised Brooks
that General Signal was attempting to enforce its rights to those patents in
litigation against Applied Materials, and that, at the conclusion of that
litigation, General Signal intended to enforce its rights against Brooks and
others. According to a press release issued by Applied Materials in November
1997, Applied Materials settled its litigation with General Signal by acquiring
ownership of five General Signal patents. Although not verified by Brooks, these
five patents would appear to be the patents referred to by General Signal in its
prior notice to Brooks. Applied Materials has not contacted Brooks regarding
these patents.

AN UNFAVORABLE OUTCOME OR PROLONGED LITIGATION IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT FILED
AGAINST PRI COULD HARM PRI'S BUSINESS.

     PRI and three of its directors are defendants in a pending securities class
action lawsuit claiming, among other things, that the defendants violated
Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule
10b-5, and also Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, by virtue of
statements and omissions that the plaintiffs claim were materially false or
misleading. The complaint seeks certification as a class action on behalf of
virtually all purchasers of PRI's common stock from January 27, 2000 through
September 11, 2000, and also seeks damages, pre-judgment and post-judgment
interest, costs, and attorneys' fees. A group of five persons has been appointed
as lead plaintiff, and the court has approved the group's selection of lead
counsel. An argument on the defendants' motion to dismiss is scheduled for
February 26, 2002. PRI intends to defend against the claims vigorously. However,
PRI could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit, has no insurance
coverage relating to these claims, and has undertaken to indemnify the
individual defendants for any losses they may suffer. With limited exceptions,
Brooks has agreed to assume PRI's indemnification obligations regarding these
individual defendants. Moreover, although PRI has established a reserve for
legal costs, the amount of that reserve may be inadequate. The lawsuits could
also divert the time and attention of PRI's management. PRI cannot

predict the outcome of the lawsuits at this time, and there can be no assurance
that PRI will not have to pay significant damages or amounts in settlement. An
unfavorable outcome or prolonged litigation in this lawsuit could materially
harm PRI's business.

BROOKS' BUSINESS MAY BE HARMED BY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS OF ASYST TECHNOLOGIES,
INC.

     Brooks acquired certain assets, including a tracking system known as
IridNet, from the Infab division of Jenoptik AG on September 30, 1999. Asyst
Technologies, Inc. had previously filed suit against Jenoptik AG and other
defendants, claiming that products of the defendants, including IridNet,
infringe Asyst's patents. This ongoing litigation may ultimately affect certain
products sold by Brooks. Brooks has received notice that Asyst may amend its
complaint to name Brooks as an additional defendant. Based on Brooks'
investigation of Asyst's allegations, Brooks does not believe it is infringing
any claims of Asyst's patents. Brooks intends to continue to support Jenoptik to
argue vigorously, among other things, the position that the IridNet system does
not infringe the Asyst patents. If Asyst prevails in prosecuting its case, Asyst
may seek to prohibit Brooks from developing, marketing and using the IridNet
product without a license. Because patent litigation can be extremely expensive,
time-consuming, and its outcome uncertain, Brooks may seek to obtain licenses to
the disputed patents. Brooks cannot guarantee that licenses will be available to
it on reasonable terms, if at all. If a license from Asyst is not available,
Brooks could be forced to incur substantial costs to reengineer the IridNet
system, which could diminish its value. In any case, Brooks may face litigation
with Asyst. Such litigation could be costly and would divert Brooks'
management's attention and resources. In addition, if Brooks does not prevail in
such litigation, Brooks could be forced to pay significant damages or amounts in
settlement. Jenoptik has indemnified Brooks for losses Brooks may incur in this
action.

PRI IS BECOMING INCREASINGLY DEPENDENT ON SUBCONTRACTORS AND ONE OR A FEW
SUPPLIERS FOR SOME COMPONENTS AND MANUFACTURING PROCESSES.

     For some products, or components or specialized processes that PRI uses in
its products, PRI depends on subcontractors or has available only one or a few
suppliers. For example, PRI has engaged Shinsung Engineering Co. Ltd. to
manufacture its TurboStocker product for delivery in the Asian market and to
provide related customer support. PRI's reliance on subcontractors gives PRI
less control over the manufacturing process and exposes PRI to significant
risks, especially inadequate capacity, late delivery, substandard quality and
high costs. PRI intends to outsource additional aspects of its manufacturing
operations to subcontractors and suppliers. PRI could experience disruption in
obtaining products or needed components and may be unable to develop
alternatives in a timely manner. If PRI is unable to obtain adequate deliveries
of products or components for an extended period of time, PRI may have to pay
more for inventory, parts and other supplies, seek alternative sources of supply
or delay shipping products to its customers. These outcomes could damage PRI's
relationships with customers. Any such increased costs, delays in shipping or
damage to customer relationships could seriously harm PRI's business.

     PRI's dependence on third-party suppliers could harm its ability to
negotiate the terms of its future business relationships with these parties, and
PRI may be unable to replace any of them on terms favorable to it. In addition,
outsourcing PRI's manufacturing to third parties may require PRI to share its
proprietary information with these suppliers. Although PRI enters into
confidentiality agreements with these third parties, these agreements may not
adequately protect PRI's proprietary information.

BROOKS' AND PRI'S SOFTWARE PRODUCTS MAY CONTAIN ERRORS OR DEFECTS THAT COULD
RESULT IN LOST REVENUE, DELAYED OR LIMITED MARKET ACCEPTANCE OR PRODUCT
LIABILITY CLAIMS WITH SUBSTANTIAL LITIGATION COSTS.

     Complex software products like Brooks' and PRI's can contain errors or
defects, particularly when they first introduce new products or when they
release new versions or enhancements. Any defects or errors could result in lost
revenue or a delay in market acceptance, which would seriously harm Brooks' or
PRI's business and operating results. Brooks and PRI have occasionally
discovered software errors in their new software products and new releases after
their introduction, and they expect that this will continue. Despite internal
testing and testing by current and potential customers, Brooks' and PRI's
current and future products may contain serious defects.

     Because many of Brooks' and PRI's customers use their products for
business-critical applications, any errors, defects or other performance
problems could result in financial or other damage to Brooks' and PRI's
customers and could significantly impair their operations. Brooks' and PRI's
customers could seek to recover damages from them for losses related to any of
these issues. A product liability claim brought against Brooks or PRI, even if
not successful, would likely be time-consuming and costly to defend and could
adversely affect Brooks' and PRI's marketing efforts.

BROOKS' AND PRI'S BUSINESS COULD BE HARMED IF THEY FAIL TO ADEQUATELY INTEGRATE
THE OPERATIONS OF THE BUSINESSES THEY HAVE ACQUIRED.

     Brooks and PRI have completed a number of acquisitions in a short period of
time. Brooks' and PRI's management must devote substantial time and resources to
the integration of the operations of their acquired businesses with their core
businesses and their other acquired businesses. If Brooks and PRI fail to
accomplish this integration efficiently, they may not realize the anticipated
benefits of their acquisitions. The process of integrating supply and
distribution channels, research and development initiatives, computer and
accounting systems and other aspects of the operations of their acquired
businesses presents a significant challenge to Brooks' and PRI's management.
This is compounded by the challenge of simultaneously managing larger entities.
These businesses have operations and personnel located in Asia, Europe and the
United States and present a number of additional difficulties of integration,
including:

     - assimilating products and designs into integrated solutions;

     - informing customers, suppliers and distributors of the effects of the
       acquisitions and integrating them into Brooks' and PRI's overall
       operations;

     - integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds and cultures;

     - defining and executing a comprehensive product strategy;

     - managing geographically remote units;

     - managing the risks of entering markets or types of businesses in which
       Brooks or PRI has limited or no direct experience; and

     - minimizing the loss of key employees of the acquired businesses.

     If Brooks or PRI delays the integration or fails to integrate an acquired
business or experiences other unforeseen difficulties, the integration process
may require a disproportionate amount of Brooks management's or PRI management's
attention and financial and other resources. The proposed merger between Brooks
and PRI would exacerbate these difficulties. Brooks' and PRI's failure to
adequately address these difficulties could harm their businesses and financial
results.

BROOKS' BUSINESS MAY BE HARMED BY ACQUISITIONS BROOKS COMPLETES IN THE FUTURE.

     Brooks plans to continue to pursue additional acquisitions of related
businesses. Brooks' identification of suitable acquisition candidates involves
risks inherent in assessing the values, strengths, weaknesses, risks and
profitability of acquisition candidates, including the effects of the possible
acquisition on Brooks' business, diversion of Brooks management's attention and
risks associated with unanticipated problems or latent liabilities. If Brooks is
successful in pursuing future acquisitions, Brooks may be required to expend
significant funds, incur additional debt or issue additional securities, which
may negatively affect Brooks' results of operations and be dilutive to its
stockholders. If Brooks spends significant funds or incurs additional debt,
Brooks' ability to obtain financing for working capital or other purposes could
decline, and Brooks may be more vulnerable to economic downturns and competitive
pressures. Brooks cannot guarantee that it will be able to finance additional
acquisitions or that it will realize any anticipated benefits from acquisitions
that Brooks completes. Should Brooks successfully acquire another business, the
process of integrating acquired operations into Brooks' existing operations may
result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant
financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing
development or expansion of Brooks' existing business.

THE IMPACT OF TERRORIST THREATS ON THE GENERAL ECONOMY COULD DECREASE BROOKS'
AND PRI'S REVENUES.

     On September 11, 2001, the United States was subject to terrorist attacks
at the World Trade Center buildings in New York City and the Pentagon in
Washington, DC. The potential near- and long-term impact these attacks may have
in regards to Brooks' and PRI's suppliers and customers, markets for their
products and the U.S. economy are uncertain. There may be potential adverse
effects on their operating results due to this significant event that Brooks and
PRI cannot foresee.

NEW ACCOUNTING GUIDANCE WILL RESULT IN DELAYED RECOGNITION OF PRI'S REVENUES.

     In December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin Number 101,
which provides the SEC's guidance in applying generally accepted accounting
principles to selected revenue recognition issues. PRI implemented this guidance
in fiscal year 2001, retroactive to the first quarter. In some situations,
application of this accounting guidance delays the recognition of revenue that
would otherwise have been recognized in earlier periods. As a result, PRI's
reported revenue could fluctuate more widely in future fiscal periods, and
reported revenue for a particular fiscal period might not meet the expectations
of financial analysts or investors. A delay in recognition of revenue resulting
from application of this guidance, while not affecting PRI's cash flow, could
adversely affect its results of operations in one or more future periods, which
could cause the value of PRI's common stock to fall.

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE BROOKS COMMON STOCK

BROOKS' OPERATING RESULTS FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY, WHICH COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT
ITS BUSINESS AND ITS STOCK PRICE.

     Brooks' revenues, margins and other operating results can fluctuate
significantly from quarter to quarter depending upon a variety of factors,
including:

     - the level of demand for semiconductors in general;

     - cycles in the market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment and
       automation software;

     - the timing, rescheduling, cancellation and size of orders from Brooks'
       customer base;

     - Brooks' ability to manufacture, test and deliver products in a timely and
       cost-effective manner;

     - Brooks' success in winning competitions for orders;

     - the timing of Brooks' new product announcements and releases and those of
       its competitors;

     - the mix of products it sells;

     - the timing of any acquisitions and related costs;

     - competitive pricing pressures; and

     - the level of automation required in fab extensions, upgrades and new
       facilities.

     Brooks entered the factory automation software business in fiscal 1999. A
portion of Brooks' revenues from this business will depend on achieving project
milestones. As a result, Brooks' revenue from this business will be subject to
fluctuations depending upon a number of factors, including whether Brooks can
achieve project milestones on a timely basis, if at all, as well as the timing
and size of projects.

BROOKS' STOCK PRICE IS VOLATILE.

     The market price of the Brooks common stock has fluctuated widely. For
example, between April 4, 2001 and April 30, 2001, the closing price of Brooks'
common stock rose from approximately $35.45 to $62.61 per share and between
August 28, 2001 and September 28, 2001, the price of the Brooks common stock
dropped from approximately $48.15 to $26.59 per share. Consequently, the current
market price of the Brooks common stock may not be indicative of future market
prices, and Brooks may be unable to

sustain or increase the value of an investment in its common stock. Factors
affecting Brooks' stock price may include:

     - variations in operating results from quarter to quarter;

     - changes in earnings estimates by analysts or Brooks' failure to meet
       analysts' or investors' expectations;

     - changes in the market price per share of Brooks' public company
       customers;

     - market conditions in the industry;

     - general economic conditions;

     - low trading volume of the Brooks common stock; and

     - the number of firms making a market in Brooks common stock.

     In addition, the stock market has recently experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations. These fluctuations have particularly affected the market
prices of the securities of high technology companies like Brooks. These market
fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of the Brooks common stock.

BECAUSE A LIMITED NUMBER OF STOCKHOLDERS, INCLUDING A MEMBER OF BROOKS'
MANAGEMENT TEAM, OWNS A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK AND
ARE PARTIES TO A VOTING AGREEMENT, THEIR DECISIONS MAY BE DETRIMENTAL TO YOUR
INTERESTS.

     By virtue of their stock ownership and voting agreement, Robert J.
Therrien, Brooks' president and chief executive officer, and Jenoptik AG have
the power to significantly influence Brooks' affairs and are able to influence
the outcome of matters required to be submitted to stockholders for approval,
including the election of Brooks' directors, amendments to Brooks' certificate
of incorporation, mergers, sales of assets and other acquisitions or sales.
These stockholders may exercise their influence over Brooks in a manner
detrimental to your interests. As of December 7, 2001, Mr. Therrien and M+W
Zander Holding GmbH, a subsidiary of Jenoptik AG, beneficially owned
approximately 9.6% of the Brooks common stock.

     Brooks has a stockholders agreement with Mr. Therrien, M+W Zander Holding
GmbH and Jenoptik AG under which M+W Zander Holding GmbH agreed to vote all of
its shares on all matters in accordance with the recommendation of a majority of
Brooks' board of directors.

PROVISIONS OF BROOKS' CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION, BYLAWS, CONTRACTS AND 4.75%
CONVERTIBLE SUBORDINATED NOTES DUE 2008 MAY DISCOURAGE TAKEOVER OFFERS AND MAY
LIMIT THE PRICE INVESTORS WOULD BE WILLING TO PAY FOR BROOKS' COMMON STOCK.

     Brooks' certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may
make an acquisition of Brooks more difficult and discourage changes in Brooks'
management. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be
willing to pay for shares of Brooks common stock. In addition, Brooks has
adopted a shareholder rights plan. In many potential takeover situations, rights
issued under the plan become exercisable to purchase Brooks common stock at a
price substantially discounted from the then applicable market price of Brooks
common stock. Because of its possible dilutive effect to a potential acquiror,
the rights plan would generally discourage third parties from proposing a merger
with or initiating a tender offer for Brooks that is not approved by Brooks'
board of directors. Accordingly, the rights plan could have an adverse impact on
Brooks' stockholders who might want to vote in favor of a merger or participate
in a tender offer. In addition, Brooks may issue shares of preferred stock upon
terms the board of directors deems appropriate without stockholder approval.
Brooks' ability to issue preferred stock in such a manner could enable its board
of directors to prevent changes in its management or control. Finally, upon a
change of control of Brooks, Brooks may be required to repurchase convertible
subordinated notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal outstanding amount
thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of the
repurchase. Such a repurchase of the notes would represent a substantial cash
outflow; accordingly, the repayment of the notes upon a change of control of
Brooks could discourage third parties from proposing a merger with, initiating a
tender offer for or otherwise attempting to gain control of Brooks.

                     ANNUAL MEETING OF BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS

GENERAL

     This joint proxy statement/prospectus is furnished in connection with the
solicitation of proxies by the Brooks board of directors for use at the annual
meeting of stockholders to be held at Brooks' principal executive offices at 15
Elizabeth Drive, Chelmsford, Massachusetts 01824, on March   , 2002, at 10:00
a.m. local time and at any adjournment or adjournments thereof. The enclosed
proxy relating to the annual meeting is solicited on behalf of the board of
directors of Brooks. The cost of such solicitation will be borne by Brooks,
except that Brooks and PRI will share the cost of printing and mailing this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. Brooks and PRI have retained the services of
Georgeson Shareholder Communications, Inc. to aid in the solicitation of
proxies. Brooks and PRI will share Georgeson's fees and expenses and estimate
that they will pay Georgeson a fee not to exceed $15,000 for its services, will
reimburse Georgeson for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will indemnify
Georgeson against losses arising out of its proxy solicitation services on their
behalf. Certain of the officers and regular employees of Brooks may solicit
proxies by correspondence, telephone or in person, without extra compensation.
Georgeson and Brooks will also make arrangements with brokerage firms,
fiduciaries, and other nominees who are record holders of Brooks common stock to
forward solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of those shares. Brooks
will reimburse those brokerage firms, fiduciaries, and other nominees for their
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this solicitation. It is
expected that this joint proxy statement/ prospectus and the accompanying proxy
card will first be mailed to stockholders on or about                .

RECORD DATE

     Only stockholders of record at the close of business on February   , 2002
will be entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the annual meeting. As of
that date, there were outstanding and entitled to vote           shares of
Brooks common stock. Each such stockholder is entitled to one vote for each
share of common stock so held and may vote such shares either in person or by
proxy.

MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE ANNUAL MEETING

     At the annual meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the annual
meeting, Brooks stockholders will be asked to vote upon the following proposals:

     - to approve the issuance of shares of Brooks common stock in the
       acquisition of PRI in accordance with the merger agreement;

     - to grant Brooks' management the discretionary authority to adjourn the
       annual meeting to a date or dates not later than April   , 2002, if
       necessary to enable Brooks' management to solicit additional proxies in
       favor of the merger proposal or the proposal to increase Brooks'
       authorized common stock;

     - to elect five members to the board of directors;

     - if the merger proposal is approved, to approve the amendment of Brooks'
       certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares
       of common stock from 43,000,000 to 100,000,000. Even if this proposal is
       approved, the amendment to the certificate of incorporation will only
       take effect if the merger is completed;

     - if the merger proposal is approved, to approve the amendment of Brooks'
       certificate of incorporation to change the name of the company to
       "Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc." Even if this proposal is approved, the
       amendment to the certificate of incorporation will only take effect if
       the merger is completed;

     - if the merger proposal is approved, to approve the amendment of the
       Brooks' 1995 employee stock purchase plan to increase the number of
       shares reserved for issuance under the plan from 750,000 to 1,500,000.
       Even if this proposal is approved, the amendment to the employee stock
       purchase plan will only take effect if the merger is completed;

     - to approve the amendment of Brooks' 1993 nonemployee director stock
       option plan (i) if the merger proposal is approved, to increase the
       number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan from 190,000 to
       690,000 and to effect additional changes relating to grants of options
       under that plan, or (ii) if the merger proposal is not approved, to
       increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan from
       190,000 to 490,000; and

     - to approve the amendment of Brooks' 2000 combination stock option plan
       (i) if the merger proposal is approved, to increase the number of shares
       reserved for issuance under the plan from 1,000,000 to 6,000,000, or (ii)
       if the merger proposal is not approved, to increase the number of shares
       reserved for issuance under the plan from 1,000,000 to 3,000,000.

     Brooks stockholders will also consider any other matters that may properly
come before the annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the annual
meeting.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS' RECOMMENDATION

     The Brooks board of directors recommends that Brooks' stockholders vote FOR
the issuance of the shares of Brooks common stock in connection with the merger,
FOR the election of five directors to Brooks' board, FOR the adjournment
proposal and FOR all the other proposals contained in Brooks' notice of annual
meeting.

QUORUM; VOTES REQUIRED; TABULATION

     A quorum, consisting of a majority of shares of all stock issued,
outstanding and entitled to vote at the annual meeting, will be required to be
present in person or by proxy for the transaction of business at the annual
meeting and any adjournment thereof. If a quorum is not present, a majority of
the votes properly cast will adjourn the meeting.

     The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Brooks
common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the annual meeting and
entitled to vote is required to approve the issuance of Brooks common stock in
connection with the merger, the adjournment proposal and the amendments to the
stock purchase and option plans.

     The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares
of Brooks common stock is required to approve the amendments to Brooks'
certificate of incorporation.

     The five nominees for directors who receive the greatest number of votes
cast by stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the annual
meeting and entitled to vote thereon will be elected directors of Brooks.

     Abstentions will have no effect on the outcome of the vote for the election
of directors, but will have the same effect as votes cast against the other
proposals, even though the stockholder so abstaining intends a different
interpretation. Shares of Brooks common stock held of record by brokers who do
not return a signed and dated proxy or do not comply with the Internet or
telephone voting instructions will not be considered present at the annual
meeting, will not be counted towards a quorum, and will not be voted on any of
the proposals or in the election of directors. Shares of common stock held of
record by brokers who return a signed and dated proxy or comply with the
Internet or telephone voting instructions but who fail to vote, known as a
"broker nonvote", will count toward the quorum and will have the same effect as
votes cast against the proposals to amend Brooks' certificate of incorporation
but will have no effect on the election of directors or the other proposals
because it will not be considered a vote cast.

     It may be necessary to adjourn or postpone the annual meeting. If a quorum
is not present at the annual meeting, Brooks' management will propose to adjourn
the meeting to a later date to enable it to solicit additional proxies, and a
majority of the votes cast on such proposal will be required to approve it. If a
quorum is present, but the number of shares voting in favor of the merger
proposal or the proposal to increase Brooks' authorized common stock is
insufficient to approve the proposal, then, if the adjournment proposal has
received the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of
Brooks common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the annual
meeting, Brooks' management will have the

discretion to adjourn the annual meeting to a date or dates not later than April
  , 2002 to provide Brooks' management additional time to solicit proxies in
favor of the proposals.

     The votes of stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the
annual meeting will be tabulated by an inspector of elections appointed by
Brooks.

STOCK OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND CERTAIN STOCKHOLDERS

     As of December 7, 2001, the directors and executive officers of Brooks
collectively owned approximately 5.4% of the shares of Brooks common stock
outstanding on that date. These directors and executive officers have entered
into voting agreements with PRI in which they have agreed, among other things,
to vote all Brooks shares over which they have voting power to approve the
issuance of shares of Brooks common stock in connection with the merger, and all
agreements and actions related to the merger. See "Related Agreements -- Voting
Agreements" beginning on page 88.

VOTING OF PROXIES; REVOCATION OF PROXIES

     General.  Shares represented by a proxy will be voted at the annual meeting
as specified in the proxy.

     Proxies without voting instructions.  Proxies that are properly signed and
dated but which do not contain voting instructions will be voted FOR each of the
proposals.

     Voting shares held through broker by proxy.  If your shares of Brooks
common stock are held by your broker, your broker will vote your shares for you
if you provide instructions to your broker on how to vote your shares. You
should follow the directions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct
your broker to vote your shares. Your broker generally cannot vote your shares
without specific instructions from you. If a proposal requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Brooks common stock to be
approved, your failure to instruct your broker how to vote will have the same
effect as a vote against that proposal.

     Voting of shares held through broker in person.  If your shares of Brooks
common stock are held by your broker and you wish to vote those shares in person
at the annual meeting, you must obtain from the nominee holding your shares a
properly executed legal proxy, identifying you as a Brooks stockholder,
authorizing you to act on behalf of the nominee at the annual meeting and
specifying the number of shares with respect to which the authorization is
granted.

     Other matters.  If you sign and return the enclosed proxy card, you grant
to the persons named in the proxy the authority to vote in their discretion on
any other matters that may properly come before the annual meeting or any
adjournment or postponement of the annual meeting. Brooks' management does not
presently know of any other matters to be brought before the annual meeting.
Other matters that may be properly brought before the annual meeting, unless
otherwise provided in Brooks' certificate of incorporation or bylaws or by
Delaware law, will be approved if they receive the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Brooks common stock present in person or
represented by proxy at the annual meeting.

REVOCATION OF PROXIES

     Signing the enclosed proxy card will not prevent a record holder from
voting in person at the Brooks annual meeting or otherwise revoking the proxy. A
record holder may revoke a proxy at any time before the annual meeting in the
following ways:

     - filing with Brooks' corporate secretary, before the vote at the annual
       meeting, a written notice of revocation bearing a later date than the
       proxy;

     - authorizing a later dated proxy (by executing a proxy, or by making an
       authorized Internet or telephone communication) relating to the same
       shares and delivering it to Brooks before the vote at the annual meeting;
       or

     - attending the annual meeting and voting in person, although attendance at
       the meeting will not by itself constitute a revocation of the proxy.

     Record holders should send any written notice of revocation or subsequent
proxy to Brooks' corporate secretary at 15 Elizabeth Drive, Chelmsford,
Massachusetts 01824, or hand deliver the notice of revocation or subsequent
proxy to Brooks' corporate secretary before the vote at the Brooks annual
meeting.

INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

     The board of directors has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the
independent accountants to audit Brooks' consolidated financial statements for
the fiscal year ending September 30, 2002. Such firm and its predecessor have
served continuously in that capacity since 1989.

     A representative of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will be at the annual
meeting and will be given an opportunity to make a statement, if so desired. The
representative will be available to respond to appropriate questions.

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

     Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires Brooks'
executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of Brooks'
common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3,
4 and 5 with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10%
stockholders are required to furnish Brooks with copies of all Forms 3, 4 and 5
they file.

     Based solely on Brooks' review of the copies of such forms it has received
and written representations from certain reporting persons that they were not
required to file Forms 5 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, Brooks
believes that all of its executive officers, directors and greater than 10%
stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to
them during Brooks' fiscal year ended September 30, 2001.

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Proposals which Brooks stockholders intend to present at Brooks' 2003
annual meeting of stockholders and wish to have included in Brooks' proxy
materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, must be received by Brooks no later than                . If a
proponent fails to notify Brooks by                of a non-Rule 14a-8
stockholder proposal which it intends to submit at Brooks' 2003 annual meeting
of stockholders, the proxy solicited by the board of directors with respect to
that meeting may grant discretionary authority to the person named in each proxy
to vote with respect to that matter.

INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

     To the extent that this joint proxy statement/prospectus has been or will
be specifically incorporated by reference into any filing by Brooks under the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the sections of
the joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "Audit Committee Report,"
"Compensation Committee Report" and "Performance Graph" shall not be deemed to
be so incorporated, unless specifically otherwise provided in any such filing.

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

     COPIES OF BROOKS' ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2001 AS FILED WITH THE SEC ARE BEING MAILED TO BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS
OF RECORD WITH THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS AND ARE AVAILABLE TO
BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS WITHOUT CHARGE UPON WRITTEN REQUEST ADDRESSED TO INVESTOR
RELATIONS, BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC., 15 ELIZABETH DRIVE, CHELMSFORD,
MASSACHUSETTS 01824.

                      SPECIAL MEETING OF PRI STOCKHOLDERS

MATTERS FOR CONSIDERATION

     The PRI special meeting of stockholders is scheduled to be held on March
     , 2002 at the offices of Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP, One Post Office Square,
Sixteenth Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02109, commencing at 2:00 p.m., local
time, to consider and vote upon:

     - a proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement;

     - a proposal to grant PRI's management the discretionary authority to
       adjourn the special meeting to a date or dates not later than April  ,
       2002, if necessary to enable PRI's management to solicit additional
       proxies in favor of the merger proposal; and

     - a proposal to approve an amendment to PRI's 2000 employee stock purchase
       plan to increase the maximum number of shares of PRI common stock that
       may be issued under the plan from 350,000 to 850,000.

     PRI stockholders will also consider any other matters that may properly
come before the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the
special meeting.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS' RECOMMENDATION

     After careful consideration, PRI's board of directors has unanimously
approved the merger and the merger agreement and recommends a vote FOR the
proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement, FOR the adjournment proposal
and FOR the proposal to approve the amendment to PRI's 2000 employee stock
purchase plan.

PRI CANADA EXCHANGEABLE SHARES

     PRI has outstanding two classes of stock eligible to vote at the PRI
special meeting, the PRI common stock and the PRI special voting share. PRI
issued the PRI special voting share in 1999 in connection with its acquisition
of PRI Canada. As part of that acquisition, PRI Canada issued its own
exchangeable shares to the former registered holders of its common shares, and
PRI simultaneously entered into contractual and other arrangements intended to
ensure that the PRI Canada exchangeable shares are economically equivalent to,
and have the same voting power as, shares of PRI common stock.

     The PRI special voting share provides the mechanism by which the registered
holders of PRI Canada exchangeable shares exercise voting rights with respect to
PRI. The PRI special voting share votes together with the PRI common stock on
all matters to be submitted for a vote of stockholders at the PRI special
meeting and has a number of votes equal to the number of PRI Canada exchangeable
shares issued and outstanding on the record date and held by persons other than
PRI or a subsidiary of PRI. Accordingly, by virtue of the PRI special voting
share, registered holders of PRI Canada exchangeable shares effectively have the
same voting rights as holders of PRI common stock.

     In order for a registered holder of PRI Canada exchangeable shares to
exercise his or her voting rights, the registered holder must provide voting
instructions to the trustee under the PRI Canada voting and exchange trust
agreement. The trustee is the record holder of the PRI special voting share.
Each registered holder of a PRI Canada exchangeable share on the record date,
other than PRI or a subsidiary of PRI, will be entitled to one vote for each
exchangeable share held by the holder. The trustee will exercise each vote
attached to the PRI special voting share only as directed by the relevant
registered holder of PRI Canada exchangeable shares and, in the absence of
voting instructions from a registered holder, will not exercise the votes of
that registered holder. A registered holder of PRI Canada exchangeable shares
may, upon instructing the trustee, obtain a proxy from the trustee entitling the
registered holder to vote directly at the PRI special meeting the votes attached
to the PRI special voting share to which the registered holder is entitled.

     In order to provide voting instructions to the trustee, a registered holder
of PRI Canada exchangeable shares should complete the information form
accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus and return it to the trustee
at the address provided in that form.

     When discussing voting at the PRI special meeting elsewhere in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, we treat PRI Canada exchangeable shares issued and
outstanding and held by persons other than PRI or a subsidiary of PRI as if they
were issued and outstanding shares of PRI common stock, and we generally do not
distinguish between PRI Canada exchangeable shares and shares of PRI common
stock. Accordingly, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the
number of shares of PRI common stock outstanding, or the number required to
establish a quorum or the passage of any vote at the PRI special meeting,
include the PRI Canada exchangeable shares.

RECORD DATE

     The record date for determining the PRI stockholders entitled to vote at
the special meeting is February   , 2002. Only holders of record as of the close
of business on that date are entitled to receive notice of the special meeting
and to vote at the special meeting. Each share of PRI common stock entitles the
holder to one vote on each proposal and on all other matters properly brought
before the special meeting. As of the close of business on the record date,
there were           shares of PRI common stock (including PRI Canada
exchangeable shares) outstanding and eligible to vote at the special meeting.

QUORUM; VOTE REQUIRED; TABULATION OF VOTES

     In order to conduct business at the special meeting of stockholders of PRI,
a quorum must be present. A majority in interest of all PRI stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, whether present in person or
represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business
at the special meeting. PRI will treat shares of PRI common stock represented by
a properly signed and returned proxy as present at the special meeting for
purposes of determining the existence of a quorum at the meeting. In general,
PRI will count abstentions and broker nonvotes as present or represented for
purposes of determining the existence of a quorum. A nonvote occurs when a
broker or nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner votes on one proposal,
but does not vote on another proposal because the broker or nominee does not
have discretionary voting power and has not received instructions from the
beneficial owner with respect to that proposal.

     A majority of the outstanding shares of PRI common stock must be voted for
the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement in order for the proposal
to pass. Abstentions and broker nonvotes will have the same effect as votes
against this proposal.

     The proposal to grant PRI's management the discretionary authority to
adjourn the special meeting and the proposal to approve the amendment to PRI's
2000 employee stock purchase plan will each require a majority of the votes
properly cast on the proposal at the special meeting. Abstentions and broker
nonvotes will not count as votes cast on either proposal and, accordingly, will
not affect the outcome of the vote on these proposals.

     It may be necessary to adjourn or postpone the special meeting. If a quorum
is not present at the special meeting, PRI management will propose to adjourn
the meeting to a later date to enable PRI's management to solicit additional
proxies, and a majority of the votes cast on that proposal will be required to
approve it. If a quorum is present, but the number of shares voting in favor of
the approval and adoption of the merger agreement is insufficient to approve the
proposal under Massachusetts law, then, if the adjournment proposal has received
a majority of the votes properly cast on the proposal at the special meeting,
PRI's management will have the discretion to adjourn the special meeting to a
date or dates not later than April   , 2002 to provide PRI's management
additional time to solicit proxies in favor of the merger proposal.

     PRI's transfer agent, EquiServe, will tabulate the votes on each proposal.
EquiServe will tabulate separately the votes on each matter submitted to
stockholders.

VOTING OF PROXIES

     General.  Shares represented by a proxy will be voted at the special
meeting as specified in the proxy.

     Proxies without voting instructions.  Proxies that are properly signed and
dated but which do not contain voting instructions will be voted FOR the
approval and adoption of the merger agreement, FOR the grant to PRI's management
of discretionary authority to adjourn the special meeting and FOR the approval
of the amendment to PRI's 2000 employee stock purchase plan.

     Voting shares held through broker by proxy.  If your shares of PRI common
stock are held by your broker, your broker will vote your shares for you if you
provide instructions to your broker on how to vote your shares. You should
follow the directions provided by your broker regarding how to instruct your
broker to vote your shares. Your broker generally cannot vote your shares
without specific instructions from you. Because the affirmative vote of a
majority of the outstanding shares of PRI common stock is required to approve
and adopt the merger agreement, your failure to instruct your broker how to vote
will have the same effect as a vote against approval and adoption of the merger
agreement.

     Voting of shares held through broker in person.  If your shares of PRI
common stock are held by your broker and you wish to vote those shares in person
at the special meeting, you must obtain from the nominee holding your shares a
properly executed legal proxy, identifying you as a PRI stockholder, authorizing
you to act on behalf of the nominee at the special meeting and specifying the
number of shares with respect to which the authorization is granted.

     Other matters.  If you sign and return the enclosed proxy card, you grant
to the persons named in the proxy the authority to vote in their discretion on
any other matters that may properly come before the special meeting or any
adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. PRI's management does not
presently know of any other matters to be brought before the special meeting.
Other matters that may be properly brought before the special meeting, unless
otherwise provided in PRI's charter or bylaws or by Massachusetts law, will be
approved if they receive a majority of the votes properly cast on the matter.

HOW TO REVOKE A PROXY

     Signing the enclosed proxy card will not prevent a record holder from
voting in person at the PRI special meeting or otherwise revoking the proxy. A
record holder may revoke a proxy at any time before the special meeting in the
following ways:

     - filing with PRI's clerk, before the vote at the special meeting, a
       written notice of revocation bearing a later date than the proxy;

     - executing a later dated proxy relating to the same shares and delivering
       it to PRI before the vote at the special meeting; or

     - attending the special meeting and voting in person, although attendance
       at the meeting will not by itself constitute a revocation of the proxy.

     Record holders should send any written notice of revocation or subsequent
proxy to PRI's corporate clerk at 805 Middlesex Turnpike, Billerica,
Massachusetts 01821, or hand deliver the notice of revocation or subsequent
proxy to PRI's clerk before the vote at the PRI special meeting.

SOLICITATION OF PROXIES AND EXPENSES

     The solicitation of proxies from PRI stockholders is made on behalf of the
board of directors of PRI. PRI will pay all costs of the solicitation of its
stockholders, except that PRI and Brooks will share the cost of printing and
mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the form of proxy card. PRI
and Brooks have retained Georgeson Shareholder Communications Inc. to assist in
the solicitation of proxies. PRI and Brooks will share Georgeson's fees and
expenses and estimate they will pay Georgeson a fee not to exceed $15,000, plus
reimbursement of specified out-of-pocket expenses, and will indemnify Georgeson
against losses arising out of its proxy solicitation services on their behalf.
In addition to solicitation by mail,

Georgeson and PRI may request that PRI's directors, officers or employees
solicit proxies from stockholders by telephone, in person or by other means.
These persons will not receive additional compensation, although they will be
reimbursed for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses they incur in connection
with this solicitation. Georgeson and PRI will also make arrangements with
brokerage firms, fiduciaries, and other nominees who are record holders of PRI
common stock to forward solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of those
shares. PRI will reimburse those brokerage firms, fiduciaries, and other
nominees for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this
solicitation.

STOCK HELD BY PRI DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     As of December 7, 2001, the directors and executive officers of PRI owned a
total of 1,267,606 shares of PRI common stock. These shares represented
approximately 4.9% of the shares of PRI common stock outstanding on that date.
These directors and executive officers have entered into voting agreements with
Brooks in which they agreed, among other things, to vote all PRI shares over
which they have voting power to approve and adopt the merger agreement, the
merger and all agreements and actions related to the merger. For a more complete
description of the voting agreements, see "Related Agreements -- Voting
Agreements" beginning on page 88.

APPRAISAL OR DISSENTERS' RIGHTS

     The following is a summary of Sections 85 through 98 of the Massachusetts
Business Corporation Law, which set forth the procedures that PRI stockholders
must follow in order to object to the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and demand statutory appraisal rights. The full text of Sections 85
through 98 is included as Appendix B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Failure to follow those provisions exactly could result in the loss of your
appraisal rights. See "Material Federal Income Tax Considerations" beginning on
page 70 for a discussion of the tax consequences of exercising appraisal rights.

     PRI stockholders who desire to exercise their appraisal rights must satisfy
each of the applicable conditions of Sections 85 through 98. The stockholder
must file with PRI, before the vote on the proposal relating to the merger
agreement is taken, a written objection to the proposed merger agreement that
states that the stockholder intends to demand payment for his, her or its
shares. The written objection should be filed with the corporate clerk of PRI at
PRI Automation, Inc., 805 Middlesex Turnpike, Billerica, Massachusetts 01821.
The written objection must specify the stockholder's name and mailing address,
that the stockholder objects to the proposal regarding the merger agreement and
that he, she or it is demanding appraisal of his, her or its shares of PRI
common stock.

     PRI stockholders electing to exercise their appraisal rights must not vote
for approval of the merger agreement. If a stockholder returns a signed proxy
but does not specify a vote against approval of the merger agreement or a
direction to abstain, the proxy will be voted FOR approval of the merger
agreement, which will have the effect of waiving that stockholder's appraisal
rights. Also, voting against, abstaining from voting, or failing to vote with
respect to the merger agreement alone will not constitute a demand for appraisal
for purposes of Massachusetts law.

     Within 10 days after the merger becomes effective, PRI must notify by
registered or certified mail each stockholder who has satisfied the requirements
for demanding appraisal that the merger has become effective. The notice from
PRI will not create any rights in its recipient to demand payment for his, her
or its shares of PRI common stock.

     If, within 20 days after the date PRI mails the notice, any stockholder to
whom PRI was required to give notice demands in writing payment from PRI for
his, her or its shares of PRI common stock, PRI, within 50 days after the date
it mailed the notice, must contact such objecting stockholder regarding the fair
value of such objecting stockholder's shares. These written demands may be filed
with PRI c/o Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc., 15 Elizabeth Drive, Chelmsford,
Massachusetts 01824, attention chief financial officer. If PRI and the objecting
stockholder are unable to agree upon the value of the PRI common stock prior to
the expiration of the 50 day period, either party may, within four months after
the

expiration of the 50 day period, demand a determination of the value of the
shares of PRI common stock of all such objecting stockholders by filing a bill
in equity in the superior court in Middlesex County.

     Any objecting stockholder who decides to file a bill in equity must do so
on his, her or its own behalf and on behalf of all other objecting stockholders
who have demanded payment for their shares and with whom PRI has not reached an
agreement as to the value of the shares. Service of the bill must be made upon
PRI by subpoena with a copy of the bill included. PRI must file with its answer
a duly verified list of all other objecting stockholders, and the objecting
stockholders will then be deemed to have been added as parties to the bill. PRI
will then give notice in the form, and returnable on the date, ordered by the
court to each objecting stockholder by registered or certified mail to the last
known address as shown in the records of PRI and by publication or otherwise as
the court may order.

     After a hearing, the court will enter a decree determining the fair value
of the PRI common stock owned by the objecting stockholders who have become
entitled to the valuation of and payment for their shares and will order PRI to
make payment, together with interest, if any, to the objecting stockholders
entitled thereto upon the transfer by them of the certificates representing
their shares of PRI common stock if certificated or, if uncertificated, upon
receipt of an instruction to transfer such stock to PRI. The value of the shares
will be determined as of the day preceding the date of the stockholder vote
approving and adopting the merger agreement and will exclude any element of
value arising from the expectation or accomplishment of the merger.

     The costs associated with the bill in equity, exclusive of fees of counsel
and experts retained by any party, will be taxed upon the parties to the bill as
the court deems equitable. All costs associated with giving notice to
stockholders, however, will be borne by PRI. Interest will be paid on any award
from the date of the vote approving the merger agreement and the court may, upon
application of any party, determine the amount of interest to be paid.

     Any objecting stockholder who has demanded payment for his, her or its
shares of PRI common stock will not thereafter be entitled to notice of any
stockholders' meeting, to vote such shares for any purpose or to receive any
dividends or distributions on the stock (except dividends or distributions
payable to stockholders of record as of a date before the date of the vote
approving the merger agreement) unless:

     - a bill in equity to determine the fair value of the PRI common stock is
       not filed within the statutory time period;

     - a bill in equity, if filed, has been dismissed as to such stockholder; or

     - such stockholder has, with the written approval of PRI, delivered a
       written withdrawal of his, her or its objections and an acceptance of the
       merger.

     The enforcement by an objecting stockholder of his, her or its right to
receive payment for his, her or its shares in this manner will be an exclusive
remedy, except that the stockholder may still bring or maintain an appropriate
proceeding to obtain relief on the ground that the merger will be or is illegal
or fraudulent, or that the merger involved a breach of fiduciary duty.

                         BROOKS AND PRI PROPOSAL NO. 1

                  APPROVAL OF ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT
                                 AND THE MERGER

                                   THE MERGER

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes material
aspects of the proposed merger, including the merger agreement which is attached
as Appendix A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and incorporated herein
by reference. While Brooks and PRI believe that this description covers the
material terms of the merger and the related transactions, this summary may not
contain all of the information that is important to you. You should read the
entire merger agreement and the other documents we refer to carefully and in
their entirety for a more complete understanding of the merger.

     The parties entered into the merger agreement on October 23, 2001. The
parties amended and restated the merger agreement on December 18, 2001. In this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, we often refer to the merger agreement, which
means the amended and restated merger agreement dated December 18, 2001.
Similarly, we often refer to the merger, which, unless the context otherwise
requires, refers to the merger of Pontiac Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Brooks, with and into PRI, and the immediate subsequent merger of
PRI with and into Brooks. Brooks will be the sole surviving corporation.

THE MERGER

     Pontiac Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Brooks, will merge
with and into PRI. As a result of the merger, Pontiac Acquisition Corp. will
cease to exist. Upon completion of that merger:

     - PRI will be merged with and into Brooks and will cease to exist as a
       separate entity;

     - each outstanding share of PRI common stock, except for dissenting shares,
       will automatically be converted into the right to receive 0.52 shares of
       Brooks common stock in the manner described below;

     - each outstanding option and warrant to purchase PRI common stock will
       automatically be converted into the right to acquire, on the same terms
       and conditions, a number of shares of Brooks common stock at a price
       based on the same conversion ratio as the PRI common stock; and

     - the rights of former PRI stockholders as Brooks stockholders will be
       governed by Brooks' certificate of incorporation and bylaws and by
       Delaware law.

CLOSING OF THE MERGER

     The merger will become effective when Pontiac Acquisition Corp. and PRI
file articles of merger with the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts. Brooks and PRI are working toward completing the merger as soon
as possible and expect to complete the merger in March 2002. However, the merger
is subject to various conditions, and we cannot predict the exact timing.

CONVERSION OF PRI SHARES IN THE MERGER

     At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of PRI common
stock, except for dissenting shares, will automatically be converted into the
right to receive 0.52 shares of Brooks common stock. The number of shares of
Brooks common stock issuable in the merger will be proportionately adjusted as
appropriate for any stock split, stock dividend or similar event with respect to
Brooks common stock or PRI common stock effected between the date of the merger
agreement and the completion of the merger.

OWNERSHIP OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     As a result of the merger, holders of PRI common stock will become holders
of Brooks common stock. Assuming that no options, warrants or other rights to
purchase PRI common stock are exercised before the closing of the merger, Brooks
will issue approximately 13,335,751 shares of Brooks common stock to PRI
stockholders in the merger. Following the merger, existing Brooks stockholders
will own approximately 60%, and former PRI stockholders, including the holders
of PRI Canada exchangeable shares, will own approximately 40%, of the combined
company. This calculation of the percentage ownership of Brooks common stock
following the merger is based on each company's capitalization as of December 7,
2001. Brooks will reserve an additional 3,413,472 shares of Brooks common stock
for issuance upon the exercise of options, warrants and other rights to purchase
shares of PRI common stock, which will be assumed by Brooks and converted to
options, warrants or other rights to purchase shares of Brooks common stock and
upon exchange, redemption or repurchase of PRI Canada exchangeable shares.

MATERIAL CONTACTS BETWEEN BROOKS AND PRI

     Brooks and PRI do not know of any past, present or proposed material
contracts, arrangements, understandings, relationships, negotiations or
transactions between Brooks or its affiliates and PRI or its affiliates, other
than the following:

     - the merger agreement discussed in "The Merger -- Background of the
       Merger," on page 47 resulting from the discussions and negotiations
       during the period from July 16, 2001 through October 23, 2001 between
       Brooks and PRI concerning the feasibility of a strategic business
       combination between the companies; and

     - the employment agreement between Brooks and Mitchell G. Tyson and the
       voting agreements between Brooks and the executive officers and directors
       of PRI, and between PRI and the executive officers and directors of
       Brooks discussed under "Related Agreements" on page 88.

DELISTING AND DEREGISTRATION OF PRI COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER

     If the merger is completed, the PRI common stock will be delisted from the
Nasdaq National Market and will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange
Act.

PRI STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

     Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding
option or warrant to purchase shares of PRI common stock will be assumed by
Brooks, regardless of whether the options and warrants are then exercisable, and
will be converted into options or warrants, as the case may be, to purchase
Brooks common stock. Each assumed PRI stock option and warrant will have the
same terms and conditions as it had immediately prior to the effective time of
the merger, and will constitute an option or warrant to acquire that number of
shares of Brooks common stock equal to the number of shares of PRI common stock
purchasable under such option or warrant multiplied by 0.52 (rounded down to the
nearest whole share), at a price per share equal to the exercise price for the
shares of PRI common stock purchasable under such PRI stock option or warrant
immediately prior to the effective time divided by 0.52 (rounded up to the
nearest whole cent).

     The parties intend for the PRI stock options assumed by Brooks to qualify
as incentive stock options to the extent the stock options qualified as
incentive stock options prior to the effective time of the merger.

TREATMENT OF RIGHTS UNDER PRI'S EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

     If the merger is completed on or before March 31, 2002, the last day of the
current offering period under PRI's 2000 employee stock purchase plan, the
current offering period will terminate on the day before the merger is
completed. In that case, PRI common stock will be issued to the stock purchase
plan participants the day before the effective date of the merger. On the
effective date of the merger, any shares of PRI common stock which were acquired
under the stock purchase plan will be treated the same

as any other shares of PRI common stock and, accordingly, each such share, other
than dissenting shares, will be converted automatically into the right to
receive 0.52 shares of Brooks common stock, and Brooks will pay cash in lieu of
fractional shares.

TREATMENT OF PRI CANADA EXCHANGEABLE SHARES

     At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding PRI Canada
exchangeable share will automatically become exchangeable for 0.52 shares of
Brooks common stock. The holders of PRI Canada exchangeable shares are not
entitled to a separate class vote on the merger proposal. In addition, the PRI
special voting share will be converted automatically into a Brooks special
voting share carrying a number of votes at meetings of Brooks stockholders equal
to the number of outstanding PRI Canada exchangeable shares (other than those
held by Brooks or any of its subsidiaries) multiplied by 0.52.

THE EXCHANGE AGENT

     As of the effective time of the merger, Brooks is required to deposit with
EquiServe Trust Company, N.A., the exchange agent for the merger, certificates
representing the shares of Brooks common stock to be exchanged for shares of PRI
common stock and cash to pay for fractional shares and any dividends or
distributions that holders of PRI common stock may be entitled to receive under
the merger agreement.

EXCHANGE OF PRI STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR BROOKS STOCK CERTIFICATES

     Promptly after the effective time of the merger, EquiServe Trust Company,
N.A. will mail to PRI stockholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for
surrendering their PRI stock certificates in exchange for Brooks stock
certificates. PRI stockholders should not submit their stock certificates for
exchange until they have received the letter of transmittal and instructions.

TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP; DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES

     Brooks will issue a Brooks stock certificate registered in the same name as
the surrendered PRI stock certificate. Brooks will issue a stock certificate in
a name other than this registered name only if the exchange agent is provided
with documents that:

     - show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership; and

     - show that any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

PRI stockholders who do not surrender their PRI stock certificates will not
receive dividends payable to Brooks stockholders on any date after the effective
time of the merger. When the PRI stock certificates are finally surrendered, any
of these unpaid dividends will be paid, without interest.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     Both Brooks and PRI regularly evaluate different strategies to improve
their competitive positions and enhance their respective stockholder values,
including opportunities for acquisitions of other companies or their assets,
possible partnerships or alliances and other significant transactions.

     Over the last three years, Brooks and PRI have from time to time engaged in
conversations regarding the possibility of combining their businesses. During
the latter half of 2000, Brooks and PRI again commenced discussions about the
combination of their businesses. Over the course of November and December 2000,
Brooks and PRI each conducted a detailed due diligence review of the other's
business and engaged in extensive negotiations over the terms under which they
might merge. Discussions between the companies ceased in mid-January 2001.

     On July 16, 2001, while at SEMICON West, an industry trade show, in San
Jose, California, Ellen B. Richstone, senior vice president, finance and
administration and chief financial officer of Brooks, and Cosmo S. Trapani, vice
president and chief financial officer of PRI, met and discussed the possibility
of reopening discussions of a business combination between the companies. On
July 17, 2001, also at

SEMICON West, Robert J. Therrien, president and chief executive officer of
Brooks, briefly discussed the same subject with Douglas Lawson, PRI's vice
president of strategic business development.

     On July 26, 2001, Mr. Therrien spoke with a representative of Credit Suisse
First Boston, Brooks' financial advisor, about a possible acquisition of PRI by
Brooks. On that same day, Mr. Therrien discussed the possibility of acquiring
PRI with Ms. Richstone and members of Brooks' management and board of directors.

     On July 27, 2001, Mr. Therrien and Ms. Richstone together spoke further
about a potential acquisition of PRI with a representative of Credit Suisse
First Boston.

     On July 30, 2001, Mr. Therrien met with Mitchell G. Tyson, president and
chief executive officer of PRI, and proposed reopening discussions of a business
combination between the two companies.

     On August 2, 2001, Mr. Therrien and Ms. Richstone spoke with a
representative of Credit Suisse First Boston and a representative of Brown,
Rudnick, Freed & Gesmer, legal counsel to Brooks, about a proposed acquisition
of PRI by Brooks. On that same day, Brooks sent Mr. Tyson a preliminary term
sheet relating to a proposed acquisition by PRI of Brooks and a proposed form of
employment agreement for Mr. Tyson.

     On August 3, 2001, Messrs. Tyson, Trapani and Lawson, together with
Mordechai Wiesler, PRI's chairman of the board, discussed Brooks' preliminary
term sheet with representatives of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, PRI's
financial advisor. After reviewing the preliminary term sheet with PRI's
management and representatives of Morgan Stanley, Mr. Tyson called Mr. Therrien
to inform him that it appeared unlikely that the parties could reach agreement
on the financial terms proposed by Brooks. However, Messrs. Tyson and Therrien
agreed to permit the two companies, together with their financial advisors, to
continue discussions.

     Also on August 3, 2001, Mr. Tyson met with the chief executive officer of
another semiconductor manufacturing equipment company to discuss the possibility
of a business combination between their two companies. From time to time between
that date and the signing of the merger agreement, representatives of PRI and
representatives of this other company held extensive discussions at various
locations to explore this possibility.

     From time to time between August 4, 2001 and August 23, 2001, Messrs.
Wiesler, Tyson and Trapani discussed the business combination proposed by Brooks
with representatives of Morgan Stanley and representatives of Foley, Hoag &
Eliot LLP, PRI's legal counsel. During the latter half of August 2001,
representatives of Morgan Stanley and another investment banking firm advised
the management of PRI that favorable market conditions presented an opportunity
for PRI to pursue a private placement of convertible debt securities, and the
management of PRI spent several weeks exploring this opportunity. On August 23,
2001, Mr. Wiesler informed Mr. Therrien that PRI was instructing Morgan Stanley
to cease discussions with Brooks' management and its financial advisor regarding
any business combination between Brooks and PRI. Shortly after the events of
September 11, 2001, PRI was advised that market conditions had become too
uncertain to proceed with any convertible debt financing in the near term and,
accordingly, PRI discontinued its efforts in that regard.

     On September 25, 2001, Messrs. Wiesler, Tyson, Trapani and Lawson
telephoned representatives of Morgan Stanley and Foley Hoag to discuss the
strategic alternatives available to PRI, including the possibility of a business
combination with Brooks or another company in the semiconductor manufacturing
equipment industry.

     On September 28, 2001, Messrs. Wiesler, Tyson, Trapani and Lawson
telephoned representatives of Morgan Stanley to continue discussions regarding
the strategic alternatives available to PRI.

     On October 4, 2001, Ms. Richstone and Mr. Trapani discussed by telephone
the possibility of reopening discussions regarding a business combination
involving Brooks and PRI. Later that day, Mr. Therrien placed calls to Messrs.
Wiesler and Tyson, and Mr. Tyson called a representative of Foley Hoag to
apprise him of these calls.

     On October 5, 2001, Messrs. Tyson, Trapani and Lawson telephoned
representatives of Foley Hoag to discuss PRI's strategic alternatives, including
a business combination with Brooks or another semiconductor manufacturing
equipment company. Later in the day, Messrs. Tyson and Trapani telephoned a
representative of Morgan Stanley to brief him on their discussions with
potential business combination partners, including Brooks.

     On October 7, 2001, Mr. Therrien called Mr. Lawson and discussed with him
the strategic benefits of a business combination of Brooks and PRI. After a
general discussion of what the terms for such a transaction might be, Mr. Lawson
suggested to Mr. Therrien that if Brooks wished to proceed with such a
combination, it should present a proposal to PRI in the form of a term sheet.

     On October 8, 2001, Brooks presented Mr. Tyson with a term sheet relating
to a proposed acquisition of PRI by Brooks and a proposed employment agreement
for Mr. Tyson. On that same day, PRI's board of directors held a regularly
scheduled meeting at PRI's corporate headquarters in Billerica, Massachusetts.
All members of PRI's board of directors were present in person or by telephone,
except Kenneth M. Thompson. Mr. Lawson, as well as representatives of Morgan
Stanley and Foley Hoag, were also present in person or by telephone. Mr. Lawson
reported to the board of directors regarding the discussions that he and Messrs.
Wiesler, Tyson and Trapani were conducting with Brooks and another semiconductor
manufacturing equipment company about potential business combinations. After a
discussion, the board of directors authorized Messrs. Wiesler, Tyson, Trapani
and Lawson to continue negotiating with both parties. Following the meeting, Mr.
Tyson called Mr. Thompson to apprise him of the discussions at the board meeting
and to solicit his views on potential business combination partners.

     On October 9, 2001, Messrs. Wiesler and Tyson met with Mr. Therrien to
discuss the term sheet Brooks had presented to PRI on October 8.

     On October 12, 2001, Messrs. Therrien and Tyson further discussed the
October 8 term sheet by telephone and scheduled a mutual business due diligence
meeting for October 15, 2001.

     On October 14, 2001, Messrs. Tyson, Trapani and Lawson spoke by telephone
with representatives of Morgan Stanley and reviewed materials for the business
due diligence meeting that had been scheduled for October 15, 2001.

     On October 15, 2001, Mr. Therrien, Ms. Richstone, Chuck McKenna, executive
vice president of the automation systems division of Brooks, Michael Pippins,
senior vice president of the factory interface division of Brooks, and Jeffrey
Cassis, senior vice president of the factory automation division of Brooks, met
with Messrs. Tyson, Trapani and Lawson and representatives of Credit Suisse
First Boston and Morgan Stanley at a hotel in Boston. Both companies' management
teams reviewed the business, operations and financial condition of their
respective companies. Brooks and PRI continued their discussions regarding the
terms of a potential business combination. On that same day, Ms. Richstone
instructed representatives of Brown Rudnick to begin preparing drafts of a
merger agreement and certain ancillary agreements.

     On October 16, 2001, Mr. Therrien sent a cover letter and revised term
sheet to Mr. Tyson. On the same day, Brown Rudnick circulated a draft of the
merger agreement to Brooks and its financial advisor.

     On October 17, 2001, Mr. Tyson received Mr. Therrien's cover letter and the
revised term sheet. Mr. Tyson sent the letter and the revised term sheet to
representatives of Morgan Stanley and Foley Hoag and discussed the proposed
transaction with them. On the same day, Brooks, representatives of Credit Suisse
First Boston and Brown Rudnick discussed the terms of the draft of the merger
agreement to be forwarded to PRI.

     On October 18, 2001, representatives of Brooks, Credit Suisse First Boston
and Brown Rudnick continued to discuss the terms of the draft of the merger
agreement. Later that same day, at the direction of Brooks, a representative of
Credit Suisse First Boston delivered drafts of the merger agreement and related
agreements to Morgan Stanley, which Morgan Stanley then forwarded to Messrs.
Wiesler, Tyson, Trapani and Lawson and representatives of Foley Hoag. Later that
day, Messrs. Wiesler, Tyson, Trapani

and Lawson, as well as representatives of Morgan Stanley and Foley Hoag,
discussed the draft merger agreement via telephone.

     On October 19, 2001, Messrs. Wiesler, Tyson, Trapani and Lawson reviewed
the draft merger agreement in more detail with representatives of Morgan Stanley
and Foley Hoag. Among the principal matters discussed was the exchange ratio
proposed in the draft merger agreement. Later that day, Mr. Tyson called Mr.
Therrien to discuss the exchange ratio. During the course of their discussion,
Messrs. Therrien and Tyson came to a tentative agreement on an exchange ratio,
and they agreed to recommend that exchange ratio for approval by their
respective boards of directors. Following his call with Mr. Therrien, Mr. Tyson
reconvened his earlier telephone conversation with Messrs. Wiesler, Trapani and
Lawson and representatives of Morgan Stanley and Foley Hoag, and informed them
that he and Mr. Therrien had tentatively agreed upon an exchange ratio. At the
same time, representatives of Brooks, Credit Suisse First Boston and Brown
Rudnick discussed the tentative exchange ratio agreement. Later that day,
advisors to Brooks and PRI exchanged due diligence requests on behalf of their
clients, updating their earlier due diligence inquiries from late 2000 and early
2001, and began updating their due diligence. At the same time, representatives
of Foley Hoag continued to review the draft merger agreement.

     On October 20, 2001, advisors to Brooks and PRI continued updating their
due diligence review of PRI and Brooks, respectively.

     On the morning of October 21, 2001, Messrs. Wiesler, Tyson, Trapani and
Lawson met with representatives of Morgan Stanley and Foley Hoag at a hotel in
Boston and initiated a telephonic meeting of the board of directors of PRI to
discuss the draft merger agreement and review with Morgan Stanley the financial
aspects of the proposed business combination. All of the directors of PRI
participated in the meeting. Mr. Tyson outlined for the board the principal
terms of the proposed business combination, and representatives of Morgan
Stanley reviewed with the PRI board the financial aspects of the proposed
combination, and compared those aspects with the most favorable terms that
Morgan Stanley believed another company could offer. Representatives of Morgan
Stanley stated their belief that Morgan Stanley would be able to offer an
opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the proposed
exchange ratio to the stockholders of PRI. Representatives of Foley Hoag
described for the board the principal terms of the merger agreement and related
agreements. The board of directors engaged in an extensive discussion of the
proposed terms of the business combination. After the discussion, the board
approved the business combination in principle, subject to the resolution of
certain outstanding issues and the delivery by Morgan Stanley of an opinion that
the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of shares of PRI common stock. On that same day,
advisors to Brooks and PRI continued their due diligence reviews of the two
companies.

     Later in the day on October 21, 2001, Mr. Therrien, Ms. Richstone, Lynda M.
Avallone, vice president and corporate treasurer of Brooks, Messrs. Wiesler,
Tyson, Trapani and Lawson and representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston,
Morgan Stanley, Brown Rudnick and Foley Hoag met to negotiate the draft merger
agreement.

     On the morning of October 22, 2001, Messrs. Trapani and Lawson, Steve
Wentzell, PRI's vice president of human resources, Brad Lawrence, PRI's vice
president and general manager, automation systems division, Robert de Neve,
PRI's vice president and general manager, OEM systems division, Michael Chase,
PRI's director, systems and corporate marketing, Richard Vatcher, PRI's vice
president, automation services division, David Dunn, PRI's vice president,
finance, automation systems division, and John Chrisos, PRI's vice president,
account management, met in person or by telephone with Messrs. Therrien,
Pippins, Cassis, and McKenna, Ms. Richstone, Ms. Avallone, John Biasi, Brooks'
vice president, corporate marketing, Robert Katz, Brooks' director, financial
planning & analysis, Martin Hanssmann, Brooks' vice president, global sales &
service, Marty Petraitis, Brooks' vice president, global sales &
services -- Asia, Jack Marchant, Brooks' director of compensation and benefits,
James Chiafery, Brooks' former director of investor relations and a consultant
to it, and representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley to
discuss certain aspects of the proposed business combination. The parties also
discussed matters relating to public disclosure of the proposed business
transaction and

employee relations. Over the course of that day, advisors to Brooks and PRI
continued their due diligence review of PRI and Brooks, respectively. In
addition, representatives of Brown Rudnick and Foley Hoag continued to negotiate
the terms of the merger agreement and the ancillary transaction documents. On
that same day, representatives of Brooks made due diligence calls to PRI's
customers.

     Throughout the same day, representatives of Brown Rudnick and Foley Hoag
worked to complete the merger agreement, the ancillary documents and their
respective legal due diligence reviews, and representatives of Brooks and PRI
made final arrangements regarding marketing and communications and prepared a
draft press release.

     At 1:30 p.m. on October 23, 2001, the board of directors of Brooks held a
meeting by telephone conference call. At this meeting, Brooks' management
reviewed the terms of the proposed business combination and its assessment of
PRI's business. Brooks' legal counsel reviewed the terms of the merger agreement
and various ancillary agreements and its due diligence regarding legal matters.
Also at this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed its financial analysis
of the exchange ratio and rendered to the Brooks board of directors an oral
opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated
October 23, 2001, to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on
and subject to the matters described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was
fair, from a financial point of view, to Brooks. The board of directors of
Brooks then unanimously approved the proposed business combination.

     At 8:00 p.m. on October 23, 2001, the board of directors of PRI held a
meeting by telephone conference call. Messrs. Trapani and Lawson, as well as
representatives of Morgan Stanley and Foley Hoag, participated in the meeting.
Mr. Tyson summarized for the board the final terms of the proposed business
combination, as well as the terms of his own employment arrangement with Brooks.
Representatives of Foley Hoag described for the board changes to the terms of
the merger agreement and various ancillary agreements. Representatives of Morgan
Stanley again reviewed for the board the strategic alternatives believed to be
available to PRI, and the board discussed the merits of the proposed business
combination in light of those alternatives. After this discussion, Morgan
Stanley rendered to the board of directors of PRI its oral opinion, subsequently
confirmed in writing, that as of October 23, 2001, and subject to the various
considerations set forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the
merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of PRI
common stock. The board of directors then unanimously approved the terms of the
proposed business combination. Representatives of Morgan Stanley later delivered
to the board of directors of PRI the written opinion of Morgan Stanley
confirming the oral opinion it delivered on October 23, 2001.

     At approximately 10:00 p.m. on October 23, 2001, the parties executed and
delivered the merger agreement and delivered the executed ancillary transaction
documents.

     At approximately 7:00 a.m. on October 24, 2001, Brooks and PRI issued a
joint press release announcing the proposed business combination.

JOINT REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     The Brooks board and the PRI board believe that by combining the highly
complementary technologies, product lines, distribution channels and customer
relationships of the two companies, the combined company will have the potential
to realize long-term improved growth and profitability and a stronger position
in the semiconductor manufacturing equipment industry. Brooks is a leading
supplier of products and systems for vacuum tool automation, fab software and
200mm and 300mm factory interface products such as sorters and load port
modules. PRI is an industry leader in automated material handling systems,
reticle automation and atmospheric robotics. When combined, the company will be
a single provider of a broad line of cost-effective integrated automation
solutions. In addition, the combined company's global infrastructure of more
than 40 regional sales, service and technical support offices should allow
increased penetration of PRI's and Brooks' customers. By offering customers a
comprehensive complement of automation systems, software, services and products,
supported by an extensive, well-trained staff of engineers and operations and
support personnel, the combined company may be better able to serve customer
requirements. The merger is expected to allow the combined company to eliminate

duplicative research and development efforts and to redeploy resources to other
research and development activities. In summary, Brooks and PRI believe that the
merger will give the combined company the ability to compete more effectively
against their competitors.

     The boards of directors of Brooks and PRI have identified additional mutual
benefits of the merger that they believe will contribute to the success of the
combined company. The principal potential benefits include the following:

     - the combination of Brooks' products with PRI's products will allow the
       combined company to offer a more comprehensive and integrated suite of
       products and services to its customers;

     - the creation of a larger field sales and service organization, the
       expansion of Brooks' and PRI's dedicated sales teams, a higher profile
       with customers and greater financial strength may present greater
       opportunities for marketing the products of the combined company;

     - the creation of a combined customer service and technical support system
       may permit the combined company to provide more effective support
       coverage to its customers; and

     - the combined experience, financial resources, size and breadth of product
       offerings of the combined company may allow the combined company to
       respond more quickly and effectively to technological change, increased
       competition and industry demands in an industry which requires rapid
       innovation and change.

     Brooks and PRI have each identified additional reasons for the merger,
which are discussed below. Stockholders should be aware that the potential
benefits of the merger may not be realized. See "Risk Factors."

BROOKS' REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF BROOKS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     At its October 23, 2001 board meeting, the Brooks board unanimously
approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement. In addition to the anticipated joint benefits described above, the
Brooks board believes that the following are additional reasons the merger will
be beneficial to Brooks and its stockholders and unanimously recommends that the
Brooks stockholders vote FOR the issuance of shares of Brooks common stock in
connection with the merger and the related proposals:

     - given the complementary nature of the product lines of Brooks and PRI,
       the merger will enhance the opportunity to realize Brooks' strategic
       objective of achieving greater scale and presence in the semiconductor
       manufacturing equipment industry;

     - combining Brooks and PRI would provide an opportunity for increased sales
       to and support of current Brooks and PRI customers by offering an
       integrated and broader product line; and

     - the Brooks stockholders would have the opportunity to participate in the
       potential for growth of the combined company after the merger.

     The Brooks board considered a number of factors relating to the merger,
including, but not limited to, the following:

     - the strategic benefits of the merger;

     - historical information concerning Brooks' and PRI's respective
       businesses, financial performance and condition, operations, technology,
       management and competitive position, including public reports concerning
       results of operations during the most recent fiscal year and fiscal
       quarters for each company filed with the SEC;

     - Brooks management's view of the financial condition, results of
       operations and businesses of Brooks and PRI before and after the merger;

     - current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
       volatility and trading information with respect to Brooks common stock
       and PRI common stock;

     - the consideration to be received by PRI stockholders in the merger and
       the relationship between the market value of the PRI common stock and the
       Brooks common stock, and a comparison of comparable merger transactions;

     - Brooks management's view of the prospects of Brooks as an independent
       company;

     - the potential for other third parties to enter into strategic
       relationships with or to acquire Brooks or PRI;

     - the financial presentation of Credit Suisse First Boston to the Brooks
       board, including its opinion, dated October 23, 2001, regarding the
       fairness, from a financial point of view to Brooks of the exchange ratio
       provided for in the merger, as described more fully under the caption
       "Opinion of Brooks Financial Advisor;"

     - the expected impact of the merger on Brooks' customers and employees; and

     - discussions with Brooks' management and legal and financial advisors as
       to the results of the due diligence investigation of PRI.

     The Brooks board also considered the terms of the merger agreement,
including the representations, warranties, covenants, provisions relating to
termination fees and provisions relating to PRI's ability to conduct its
business prior to the completion of the merger.

     The Brooks board of directors also identified a number of potential
negative factors, including:

     - the risk that the slowdown in the economy, particularly in the
       semiconductor industry, will continue to worsen, resulting in losses
       greater than the projected losses of each of Brooks and PRI;

     - the risk associated with the pending class action securities litigation
       filed against PRI and three of its directors relating to damages
       allegedly incurred by virtually all purchasers of PRI common stock from
       January 27, 2000 through September 11, 2000;

     - the risk that the potential benefits sought in the merger might not be
       fully realized;

     - the possibility that the merger might not be consummated;

     - the potential dilutive effect of the issuance of Brooks common stock in
       the merger;

     - the substantial charges expected to be incurred, primarily in the quarter
       ending March 31, 2002, in connection with the merger, including costs of
       integrating the businesses and transaction expenses arising from the
       merger;

     - the risk that despite the efforts of the combined company, key technical
       and management personnel might not remain employed by the combined
       company; and

     - various other risks, including the risks described in the section of this
       joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on
       page 20.

     Brooks' board of directors concluded that, on balance, the potential
benefits of the merger to Brooks and its stockholders outweighed the risks
associated with the merger. The discussion of the information and factors
considered by Brooks' board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive.
Brooks' board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not quantify
or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific factors considered in
reaching its determination. Instead, Brooks' board conducted an overall analysis
of the factors described above, including summaries of discussions of Brooks'
management with Brooks' legal, financial and accounting advisors. In considering
the factors described above, individual members of Brooks board of directors may
have given different weights to different factors.

     BROOKS' BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT
AND THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER. BROOKS' BOARD
OF DIRECTORS BELIEVES THAT THE TERMS OF THE

MERGER AGREEMENT ARE FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF BROOKS AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS AND RECOMMENDS THAT BROOKS STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ISSUANCE OF
SHARES OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK NECESSARY TO COMPLETE THE MERGER.

OPINION OF BROOKS' FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Brooks' exclusive financial advisor
in connection with the merger. Brooks selected Credit Suisse First Boston based
on Credit Suisse First Boston's experience, expertise and reputation, and its
familiarity with Brooks and its business. Credit Suisse First Boston is an
internationally recognized investment banking firm and is regularly engaged in
the valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements
and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

     In connection with Credit Suisse First Boston's engagement, Brooks
requested that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to Brooks of the exchange ratio provided for in the
merger. On October 23, 2001, at a meeting of the Brooks board of directors held
to evaluate the merger, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the Brooks board
of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion dated October 23, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date and
based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion, the exchange ratio
was fair, from a financial point of view, to Brooks.

     THE FULL TEXT OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON'S WRITTEN OPINION, DATED
OCTOBER 23, 2001, TO THE BROOKS BOARD OF DIRECTORS, WHICH SETS FORTH THE
PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, ASSUMPTIONS MADE, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE
REVIEW UNDERTAKEN, IS ATTACHED AS APPENDIX E AND IS INCORPORATED INTO THIS JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BY REFERENCE. HOLDERS OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK ARE
ENCOURAGED TO READ THIS OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY. CREDIT SUISSE
FIRST BOSTON'S OPINION IS ADDRESSED TO THE BROOKS BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND RELATES
ONLY TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO,
DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF THE PROPOSED MERGER OR ANY RELATED
TRANSACTION AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO ANY STOCKHOLDER AS TO
ANY MATTER RELATING TO THE MERGER. THE SUMMARY OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON'S
OPINION IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE OPINION.

     In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the merger
agreement and publicly available business and financial information relating to
Brooks and PRI. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed other information
relating to Brooks and PRI, including publicly available financial forecasts
relating to Brooks and financial forecasts relating to PRI prepared and provided
to Credit Suisse First Boston by PRI, and met with the managements of Brooks and
PRI to discuss the businesses and prospects of Brooks and PRI. Credit Suisse
First Boston considered financial and stock market data of Brooks and PRI, and
compared those data with similar data for publicly held companies in businesses
similar to those of Brooks and PRI and considered, to the extent publicly
available, the financial terms of other business combinations and other
transactions effected or announced. Credit Suisse First Boston also considered
other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial,
economic and market criteria that it deemed relevant.

     In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume
any responsibility for independent verification of any of the information that
it reviewed or considered and relied on that information being complete and
accurate in all material respects. With respect to the publicly available
financial forecasts for Brooks, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed and
discussed the forecasts with the management of Brooks and was advised, and
assumed, that the forecasts represented reasonable estimates as to the future
financial performance of Brooks. Credit Suisse First Boston was advised, and
assumed, that the financial forecasts for PRI, including adjustments to the
forecasts, were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of PRI as to the future
financial performance of PRI. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston relied,
without independent verification, on the assessments of the managements of
Brooks and PRI as to Brooks' and PRI's existing

and future technology and products and risks associated with such technology and
products, the potential cost savings and synergies, including the amount, timing
and achievability of those cost savings and synergies, and strategic benefits
anticipated by the managements of Brooks and PRI to result from the merger, and
Brooks' and PRI's ability to integrate their businesses and to retain key
employees. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston assumed, with Brooks'
consent, that the proposed merger would be consummated upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement without amendment,
modification, or waiver of any material terms and that in the course of
obtaining any necessary regulatory and third party approvals and consents for
the proposed merger, no modification, condition, restriction, limitation or
delay would be imposed that would have a material adverse effect on Brooks or
PRI or the contemplated benefits of the proposed merger. Credit Suisse First
Boston also noted that the merger agreement contemplated alternate transaction
structures. Credit Suisse First Boston also assumed, with Brooks' consent, that
the merger would be treated as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax
purposes. Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and did not, make an
independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities, contingent or
otherwise, of Brooks or PRI, including, without limitation, any potential
liabilities arising from litigation pending against PRI, and Credit Suisse First
Boston was not furnished with any evaluations or appraisals.

     Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion was necessarily based on information
available to it, and financial, economic, market and other conditions as they
existed and could be evaluated, on the date of Credit Suisse First Boston's
opinion. Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to what the
value of Brooks common stock actually would be when issued in the merger or the
prices at which Brooks common stock would trade at any time after the merger.
Although Credit Suisse First Boston evaluated the exchange ratio from a
financial point of view, Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and
did not, recommend the specific consideration payable in the merger, which
consideration was determined between Brooks and PRI. Credit Suisse First
Boston's opinion did not address the relative merits of the merger as compared
to other business strategies that might have been available to Brooks, and also
did not address the underlying business decision of Brooks to proceed with the
merger. Except as described above, Brooks imposed no other limitations on Credit
Suisse First Boston with respect to the investigations made or procedures
followed in rendering its opinion.

     In preparing its opinion to the Brooks board of directors, Credit Suisse
First Boston performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses,
including those described below. The summary of Credit Suisse First Boston's
analyses described below is not a complete description of the analyses
underlying its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its
opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston made qualitative judgments as to the
significance and relevance of each analysis and factor that it considered.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or
focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all
analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and
opinion.

     In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Brooks and PRI. No
company, transaction or business used in Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses
as a comparison is identical to Brooks, PRI or the proposed merger, and an
evaluation of the results of those analyses is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies, business segments
or transactions analyzed. The estimates contained in Credit Suisse First
Boston's analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of future
results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
suggested by the analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the value of
businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the

prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Accordingly,
Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses and estimates are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty.

     Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion and financial analyses were only one
of many factors considered by the Brooks board of directors in its evaluation of
the proposed merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of
the Brooks board of directors or management with respect to the merger or the
exchange ratio.

     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion dated October 23, 2001 delivered to the
Brooks board of directors in connection with the merger. THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES
SUMMARIZED BELOW INCLUDE INFORMATION PRESENTED IN TABULAR FORMAT. IN ORDER TO
FULLY UNDERSTAND CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON'S FINANCIAL ANALYSES, THE TABLES
MUST BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY. THE TABLES ALONE DO NOT
CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE DESCRIPTION OF THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES. CONSIDERING THE
DATA IN THE TABLES BELOW WITHOUT CONSIDERING THE FULL NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF
THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES, INCLUDING THE METHODOLOGIES AND ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING
THE ANALYSES, COULD CREATE A MISLEADING OR INCOMPLETE VIEW OF CREDIT SUISSE
FIRST BOSTON'S FINANCIAL ANALYSES.

     Contribution Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the relative
contributions of Brooks and PRI to the revenue and gross profit of the combined
company for the latest 12 months and as estimated for fiscal years 2001 and
2002, excluding potential synergies, based on publicly available research
analysts' estimates for Brooks, referred to as the Brooks street case, and two
cases for PRI, a PRI management case and a PRI alternative case. The PRI
management case was based on internal estimates of PRI's management. The PRI
alternative case included adjustments to the PRI management case, based on
discussions with the managements of Brooks and PRI, to reflect, among other
things, the potential for decreased revenue and profitability of PRI.

     Credit Suisse First Boston then computed the fully diluted ownership
percentages of PRI's stockholders in the combined company implied by PRI's
relative contribution for each operational metric observed, in each case
adjusted to reflect net debt balances, and the exchange ratios implied by those
percentages, based on different scenarios of the cases outlined above. This
analysis indicated the following implied low, mean, median and high, fully
diluted ownership percentages of PRI's stockholders in the combined company and
the exchange ratios implied by those ownership percentages, as compared to the
fully diluted ownership percentage of PRI's stockholders in the combined company
immediately upon consummation of the merger of approximately 39.1% and the
exchange ratio in the merger of 0.520x:

                                                               LOW      MEAN    MEDIAN    HIGH
                                                              ------   ------   ------   ------

IMPLIED PRI STOCKHOLDER PRO FORMA OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE
  Brooks street case/PRI management case....................   33.1%    38.9%   39.8%     43.9%
  Brooks street case/PRI alternative case...................   33.1%    38.3%   38.1%     43.9%
IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
  Brooks street case/PRI management case....................  0.408x   0.520x   0.533x   0.620x
  Brooks street case/PRI alternative case...................  0.408x   0.509x   0.501x   0.620x

     Exchange Ratio Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the ratio of
the closing price of PRI common stock to the closing price of Brooks common
stock on October 22, 2001 and the average of this ratio calculated over various
periods from January 3, 2000 to October 22, 2001. Credit Suisse First Boston
then computed the fully diluted ownership of PRI's stockholders in the combined
company immediately upon consummation of the merger implied by the resulting
exchange ratios and also computed the premium/(discount) implied by the exchange
ratio in the merger relative to the average market exchange ratios for the
periods observed. This analysis yielded an implied exchange ratio range of
0.358x to 0.770x, as compared to the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.520x, an
implied fully diluted ownership percentage range for PRI's stockholders in the
combined company of approximately 30.1% to 49.8%, as compared to the fully
diluted ownership percentage of PRI's stockholders in the combined company
immediately upon

consummation of the merger of approximately 39.1%, and an implied merger
premium/(discount) range of approximately (32.5%) to 45.3%, as indicated in the
following table:

                                                                                        IMPLIED MERGER
                                                            IMPLIED PRI FULLY DILUTED      PREMIUM/
PERIOD                                     EXCHANGE RATIO     OWNERSHIP PERCENTAGE        (DISCOUNT)
- ------                                     --------------   -------------------------   --------------

October 22, 2001.........................      0.358x                30.1%                   45.3%
Last 5 Trading Days Average..............      0.364x                30.5%                   43.1%
Last 10 Trading Days Average.............      0.363x                30.4%                   43.4%
Last 20 Trading Days Average.............      0.362x                30.4%                   43.7%
Last 30 Trading Days Average.............      0.371x                30.9%                   40.3%
Last 60 Trading Days Average.............      0.367x                30.7%                   41.5%
Last 90 Trading Days Average.............      0.364x                30.5%                   42.8%
Last 180 Trading Days Average............      0.417x                33.6%                   24.7%
Period average...........................      0.770x                49.8%                  (32.5)%

     Comparable Company Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston compared
financial, operating and stock market data of Brooks and PRI to corresponding
data of the following 12 publicly traded companies in the Automation, Majors and
Original Equipment Manufacturers (Small Capitalization) segments of the
semiconductor capital equipment industry:

        AUTOMATION                      MAJORS              OEM (SMALL CAPITALIZATION)
        ----------                      ------              --------------------------

- - Asyst Technologies, Inc.  - Applied Materials, Inc.       - Veeco Instruments Inc.
- - Adept Technology, Inc.    - KLA-Tencor Corporation        - Newport Corporation
                            - ASM Lithography Holding N.V.  - Cymer, Inc.
                            - Novellus Systems, Inc.        - Therma-Wave,Inc.
                            - Lam Research Corporation      - Nanometrics Incorporated

     Such information included, among other things, multiples of fully diluted
aggregate values, calculated as fully diluted equity value, plus net debt, as a
multiple of the latest 12 months revenue and calendar years 2001 and 2002
estimated revenue. All multiples were based on closing stock prices on October
22, 2001. Estimated financial data for Brooks and the selected companies were
based on publicly available research analysts' estimates and estimated financial
data for PRI were based on the PRI management case, described above under the
heading "Contribution Analysis." This analysis indicated the following mean and
median multiples for the selected companies, as compared to the multiples
implied for PRI based on the closing price of PRI common stock on October 22,
2001 and based on the exchange ratio and the multiples implied for Brooks based
on the closing price of Brooks common stock on October 22, 2001:

                                                                         OEM SMALL
                                       AUTOMATION        MAJORS       CAPITALIZATION           PRI          BROOKS
                                      -------------   -------------   ---------------   -----------------   ------
                                      MEAN   MEDIAN   MEAN   MEDIAN   MEAN    MEDIAN    10/22/01   MERGER
                                      ----   ------   ----   ------   -----   -------   --------   ------

AGGREGATE VALUE AS MULTIPLE OF:
Latest 12 months revenue............  0.5x    0.5x    2.4x    2.7x    1.8x     1.4x       0.8x      1.2x     1.5x
Estimated calendar year 2001
  revenue...........................  0.7x    0.7x    3.2x    3.2x    2.1x     2.0x       1.0x      1.5x     1.9x
Estimated calendar year 2002
  revenue...........................  1.1x    1.1x    4.0x    3.9x    2.3x     2.2x       1.3x      2.0x     2.1x

     Precedent Transactions Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the
premiums and implied transaction multiples paid in the following six merger and
acquisition transactions in the semiconductor capital equipment industry:

TARGET                        ACQUIROR
- ------                        --------

- - GenRad, Inc.                Teradyne, Inc.
- - Silicon Valley Group, Inc.  ASM Lithography Holding N.V.
- - CFM Technologies, Inc.      Mattson Technology, Inc.
- - CVC, Inc.                   Veeco Instruments Inc.
- - OnTrak Systems, Inc.        Lam Research Corporation
- - Tencor Instruments          KLA Instruments Corporation

     In each transaction, Credit Suisse First Boston calculated the premium
implied by the exchange ratio and the acquiror's public closing stock price
prior to announcement of the transaction relative to the closing stock prices
for the targets in the transactions one trading day and 30 trading days prior to
public announcement of the transaction. This analysis indicated the following
implied mean and median premiums in the selected transactions, as compared to
the premiums for PRI common stock implied by the exchange ratio in the merger
and the closing stock price for Brooks on October 22, 2001 of 45.3% for one
trading day and 7.0% for 30 trading days prior to October 23, 2001:

                                                          IMPLIED PREMIUMS IN
                                                         SELECTED TRANSACTIONS
                                                      ----------------------------
                                                      CURRENT PRICE   30-DAY PRICE
                                                      -------------   ------------

Mean................................................      36.4%           48.4%
Median..............................................      42.0%           42.6%

     Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed aggregate values in the selected
transactions as a multiple of latest 12 months revenue and next 12 months
revenue. All multiples for the selected transactions were based on information
available at the time of the relevant transaction. Estimated financial data for
PRI were based on the two cases for PRI described above under the heading
"Contribution Analysis." Estimated financial data for the selected transactions
were based on publicly available research analysts' estimates. This analysis
indicated the following mean and median revenue multiples for the selected
transactions, as compared to the corresponding data for PRI based on the
exchange ratio in the merger and the closing stock price for Brooks common stock
on October 22, 2001:

                                                     SELECTED
                                                   TRANSACTIONS
                                                   -------------
AGGREGATE VALUE AS A MULTIPLE OF:                  MEAN   MEDIAN                 PRI
- ---------------------------------                  ----   ------   -------------------------------

Latest 12 months revenue.........................  2.7x    2.9x                 1.2x

                                                                   MANAGEMENT          ALTERNATIVE
                                                                   ----------          -----------

Next 12 months revenue...........................  2.8x    2.9x      2.0x               2.1x

     Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed the average exchange ratio
premiums paid in 249 stock-for-stock transactions in the technology universe
since April 30, 1987 and the average exchange ratio premiums paid in 75
stock-for-stock transactions between $250 million and $750 million in the
technology universe since April 30, 1987. For each group of transactions, Credit
Suisse First Boston calculated the premium implied by the exchange ratio in the
transaction relative to the ratio of the closing stock prices for the targets
and acquirors in the transactions one trading day and over various periods prior
to public announcement of the transaction. Credit Suisse First Boston then
applied the resulting premiums to the ratio of the closing price of PRI common
stock to the closing price of Brooks common stock over the same periods. This
analysis indicated the following implied exchange ratios over the various
periods observed, as compared to the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.520x:

                                                  EXCHANGE RATIOS IMPLIED BY PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS
                                         --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         LATEST 12
                                          MONTHS
PRECEDENT TRANSACTIONS                    AVERAGE    90 DAYS   60 DAYS   30 DAYS   10 DAYS   1 DAY    AVERAGE
- ----------------------                   ---------   -------   -------   -------   -------   ------   -------

249 Precedent Transactions.............   0.635x     0.486x    0.512x    0.526x    0.504x    0.475x   0.527x
75 Precedent Transactions..............   0.585x     0.471x    0.513x    0.529x    0.504x    0.480x   0.520x

     Pro Forma Earnings Impact Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston analyzed
the potential pro forma effect of the merger on the Brooks' estimated earnings
per share, assuming no synergies, one-time charges relating to the merger, for
fiscal year 2002, based on the scenarios described above under the heading
"Contribution Analysis." Based on the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.520x,
this analysis indicated that the merger could be dilutive to the combined
company's estimated earnings per share for fiscal year 2002, under the Brooks
street case/PRI management case and the Brooks street case/PRI alternative case.

     Credit Suisse First Boston also analyzed the potential pro forma effect of
the merger on Brooks' estimated earnings per share for the fiscal year 2002
based on the scenarios described above under the

heading "Contribution Analysis," assuming, based on discussions with the
managements of Brooks and PRI, a range of pretax potential cost savings and
other synergies from the merger, excluding merger related costs, referred to as
the low synergy, low-mid synergy, mid synergy, mid-high synergy and high synergy
cases. Based on the exchange ratio in the merger of 0.520x, this analysis
indicated that the merger could be accretive to Brooks' earnings per share for
the fiscal year 2002, under the Brooks street case/PRI management case, under
all synergy cases, and under the Brooks street case/PRI alternative case, under
the mid-high and high synergy cases, and dilutive to Brooks' earnings per share
for the fiscal year 2002, under the Brooks street case/PRI alternative case,
under the low, low-mid and mid synergy cases.

     The actual results achieved by the combined company may vary from projected
results and the variations may be material.

     Other Factors.  In the course of preparing its opinion, Credit Suisse First
Boston also reviewed and considered other information and data, including:

     - reported earnings per share for the last 11 fiscal quarters for PRI
       compared to publicly available research analysts' estimates for the
       respective quarters;

     - research analysts' reports for PRI common stock, including earnings per
       share and revenue estimates; and

     - historical price performance and trading characteristics of Brooks common
       stock and PRI common stock and the relationship between movements in
       Brooks common stock, movements in PRI common stock and movements in
       selected stock indices of related industries.

     Miscellaneous.  Brooks has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston
customary fees for its financial advisory services, a substantial portion of
which is due upon consummation of the merger. Brooks also has agreed to
reimburse Credit Suisse First Boston for its reasonable, documented and
customary out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and expenses of legal counsel
and any other advisor retained by Credit Suisse First Boston, and to indemnify
Credit Suisse First Boston and related parties against liabilities, including
liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising out of its engagement.

     Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates in the past have provided,
and are currently providing, investment banking and financial services to Brooks
unrelated to the proposed merger, for which services Credit Suisse First Boston
and its affiliates have received, and will receive, compensation. In addition,
an affiliate of Credit Suisse First Boston beneficially owns shares of Brooks
common stock and PRI common stock. In the ordinary course of business, Credit
Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may actively trade the securities of
Brooks or PRI for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold long or short positions in those securities.

INTERESTS OF BROOKS' MANAGEMENT IN THE MERGER AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF
INTEREST

     In considering the recommendation of Brooks' board of directors with
respect to the proposed merger, Brooks stockholders should note that some of
Brooks' directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are
different from, or in addition to, their interests solely as Brooks
stockholders. These interests may create potential conflicts of interest.
Brooks' board of directors was aware of the interests relating to the voting
agreement and employment agreement and took these interests into account in
approving the proposed merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.

     Voting Agreements.  The directors and executive officers of Brooks have
entered into voting agreements with PRI in which they agreed, among other
things, to vote all Brooks shares over which they have voting power to approve
and adopt the merger agreement, the merger and all agreements and actions
related to the merger. See "Related Agreements -- Voting Agreements" beginning
on page 88.

     Employment Agreement.  Robert J. Therrien, Brooks' president, chief
executive officer and a member of its board of directors, entered into an
employment agreement with Brooks effective as of October 1, 2001 that provides
that Mr. Therrien will receive more favorable salary and supplemental retirement
benefits if the merger with PRI is completed. For a more complete description of
the employment

agreement, see "Brooks Executive Compensation and Other Matters -- Employment
Contracts" beginning on page 131.

     Nonemployee Directors Compensation.  Brooks has approved a new, more
favorable compensation package for its nonemployee directors in the event the
merger with PRI is completed. For a more complete description of the nonemployee
director compensation package, see "Brooks Board of Directors Meetings,
Committees and Compensation -- Compensation of Directors" beginning on page 125.

PRI'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDATION OF PRI'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, PRI's board of
directors consulted with PRI's management, as well as with PRI's financial
advisors and legal advisors, and considered information from a variety of
sources, including:

     - the board's familiarity, and that of PRI's management, with the business,
       properties and prospects of Brooks, including the other opportunities
       available to PRI if the proposed merger did not occur;

     - its exploration, with the assistance of PRI's financial advisor, Morgan
       Stanley, of the strategic alternatives available to PRI, and its
       assessment of the risks and potential rewards associated with continuing
       to operate as an independent company as an alternative to the merger;

     - current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
       volatility and trading information about the Brooks common stock and PRI
       common stock;

     - the relative competitive positions of Brooks and PRI and the expected
       competitive position of the combined company;

     - consultations with PRI's management and financial, legal and accounting
       advisors concerning the business, technology, products and services,
       operations, financial condition, organizational structure and competitive
       positions of Brooks and PRI on both an historical and prospective basis;

     - discussions with PRI's management and financial, legal and accounting
       advisors regarding the results of their due diligence investigations of
       Brooks;

     - information from PRI's management and from independent research reports
       from industry analysts regarding trends in the semiconductor
       manufacturing equipment industry, including the relative degree to which
       the current economic downturn is expected to affect Brooks and PRI and
       the likelihood of consolidation among semiconductor manufacturing
       equipment suppliers as a result of current market conditions;

     - the analyses and presentation of Morgan Stanley regarding the financial
       aspects of the proposed merger, including information regarding the
       exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement, the implied premium,
       based on recent and historical market prices of the Brooks common stock,
       over the recent and historical prices of the PRI common stock, and how
       this premium compared to price premiums in recent comparable transactions
       involving semiconductor manufacturing equipment companies;

     - the opinion of Morgan Stanley that, as of October 23, 2001 and based upon
       and subject to the assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth
       in the opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was
       fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of PRI common stock.
       A copy of Morgan Stanley's written opinion is attached as Appendix F to
       this joint proxy statement/prospectus;

     - the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including the
       termination fee payable to Brooks under specified circumstances and the
       ability of PRI to negotiate other unsolicited strategic transaction
       proposals if the PRI board of directors determines in good faith, after
       consultation with its outside legal counsel, that it is necessary to do
       so in order to act in a manner consistent with the board's fiduciary
       duties to the PRI stockholders under applicable law and, after
       consultation with its

       financial advisor, that the proposal is reasonably likely to lead to a
       proposal that is more favorable to the PRI stockholders than the merger;

     - the board's assessment, based on information and assistance from PRI's
       management, of the likely impact of the merger on PRI's customers and
       employees; and

     - the terms and conditions of voting agreements of PRI's directors and
       executive officers, which require them to vote their shares of PRI common
       stock in favor of the merger agreement and against any competing
       proposal.

     In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and to recommend
that the PRI stockholders vote to approve the merger proposal, PRI's board of
directors identified the following potential benefits of the merger for PRI and
its stockholders, that, taken as a whole, supported its decision:

     - the board's belief that under current market conditions the size of a
       semiconductor manufacturing equipment company is an important determinant
       of its ability to achieve and sustain profitability and revenue and
       earnings growth;

     - the fact that the merger will result in a substantially larger company,
       and the fact that successful implementation of PRI's "integrated
       solution" strategy depends on a broad product and service offering that
       can only be sustained by a larger and full-service company;

     - the expectation that the combined company will have a more substantial
       product line that will enable the combined company to occupy a stronger
       market position in key areas that are important for PRI's "integrated
       solution" strategy;

     - the opportunity for operational synergies and economies of scale and the
       anticipated savings and benefits from those synergies and economies of
       scale;

     - the anticipated impact of the merger on the combined company's financial
       resources, and its ability to fund additional sales, marketing and
       product development activities;

     - the opportunity to capitalize on each company's strong customer and
       partner relationships and established reputation to provide additional
       solutions to each company's existing customers;

     - the risks associated with remaining independent in light of apparently
       increasing consolidation and competition among suppliers of semiconductor
       manufacturing equipment;

     - the fact that PRI stockholders will have the opportunity to participate
       in the potential for growth of the combined company after the merger;

     - the fact that the combined company will have a significantly larger
       market capitalization and public float than PRI alone, which could result
       in greater investment research coverage of the combined company by
       industry analysts, and could also enable PRI stockholders who exchange
       their PRI common stock for Brooks common stock in the merger to obtain a
       more liquid investment;

     - the board's judgment that the premium to be paid to the PRI stockholders
       was reasonable in light of PRI's recent operating performance, current
       industry and financial market conditions, the relative contributions
       expected to be made by the two companies to the results of operations of
       the combined company, recent comparable transactions and the historical
       trading prices and volatility of the common stock of the two companies;
       and

     - the fact that the merger will be tax-free to PRI's U.S. stockholders who
       exchange their shares in the merger (except to the extent they receive
       cash for any fractional shares).

PRI's board of directors also considered and explored opportunities that might
exist to pursue other potential business combinations. For example, PRI
conducted mutual due diligence investigations and preliminary negotiations with
another semiconductor manufacturing equipment supplier.

     In its deliberations concerning the merger, PRI's board of directors also
identified and considered a number of risks and potentially negative factors,
including the following:

     - the risk that the combined company will be unable to successfully
       integrate the employees and the operations of Brooks and PRI;

     - the loss of control that would result from the fact that the combined
       company's board of directors will consist of seven directors, only two of
       which will be designated by PRI;

     - the possible adverse effects of the public announcement of the merger on
       the sales of Brooks and PRI and their respective relationships with their
       employees, suppliers and strategic partners;

     - the significant costs that have been and will be incurred in seeking to
       consummate the merger;

     - the risk that the per share value of the consideration to be received in
       the merger could decline significantly from the value immediately before
       the announcement of the merger because the exchange ratio will not be
       adjusted for changes in the market price of the PRI common stock or the
       Brooks common stock;

     - the risk that the integration of PRI and Brooks will be an expensive,
       complex and time-consuming process that could disrupt the business of
       either or both companies if not completed in a timely and efficient
       manner;

     - the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

     - the risk that the merger might not be consummated and the potential
       adverse effects of the failure to consummate the merger on:

      - PRI's operating results;

      - the trading price of PRI common stock; and

      - PRI's ability to attract and retain key management and other personnel;

     - the decreased likelihood that PRI would receive a third-party acquisition
       proposal because of the termination fee and, to a lesser extent, the
       voting agreements that were executed by PRI's directors and executive
       officers; and the risk that if the merger agreement is terminated under
       some circumstances, PRI will have to pay substantial fees and expenses;
       and

     - other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       under the heading "Risk Factors."

     After due consideration, PRI's board of directors concluded that the
potential benefits to PRI and its stockholders of the merger far outweighed the
risks associated with the merger.

     This discussion is not an exhaustive list of all the factors considered by
PRI's board of directors. In view of the wide variety of factors considered in
connection with the board's evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these
matters, PRI's board of directors did not quantify or otherwise assign relative
weights to the factors described above. Rather, PRI's board made its
determination based on the totality of the information it considered. The
members of the board were aware that, as described below under "Brooks and PRI
Proposal No. 1 -- Approval of Adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Merger --
Interests of PRI's Management in the Merger and Potential Conflicts of
Interests," some of the directors and executive officers of PRI have interests
in the merger in addition to, or different from, their interests as stockholders
of PRI, and the board considered these interests in deciding to recommend the
transaction.

     PRI and Brooks cannot assure you that any of the expected results,
synergies, opportunities or other benefits described in this section will be
achieved as a result of the merger.

     PRI's board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement, the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. PRI's
board of directors believes that the terms of the merger agreement are fair to
and in the best interests of PRI and its stockholders and recommends that PRI
stockholders vote FOR the merger proposal.

     If the merger is not completed, PRI intends to continue as an independent
public company and may pursue other strategic transactions or alternatives to
enhance stockholder value.

OPINION OF PRI'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Pursuant to a letter dated as of September 25, 2000, as amended, PRI
retained Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated to provide financial advisory
services and a financial opinion letter in connection with the merger. Morgan
Stanley was selected by PRI's board of directors to act as PRI's financial
advisor based on Morgan Stanley's qualifications, expertise and reputation and
its knowledge of the business and affairs of PRI and the industry in general.

     At the October 23, 2001 meeting of the PRI board of directors, Morgan
Stanley rendered its oral opinion that, as of such date and based upon and
subject to the various considerations set forth in its opinion, the exchange
ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view
to the holders of shares of PRI common stock. Morgan Stanley confirmed its
opinion by delivery to the PRI board of directors of a written opinion dated
October 23, 2001.

     THE FULL TEXT OF THE MORGAN STANLEY OPINION, DATED AS OF OCTOBER 23, 2001,
WHICH SETS FORTH, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED,
MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN, IS ATTACHED AS
APPENDIX F TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. THE MORGAN STANLEY OPINION
IS DIRECTED TO THE PRI BOARD AND ADDRESSES ONLY THE FAIRNESS OF THE EXCHANGE
RATIO FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW TO THE HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PRI COMMON
STOCK AS OF THE DATE OF SUCH OPINION AND DOES NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER ASPECT OF
THE MERGER. THE SUMMARY OF THE MORGAN STANLEY OPINION SET FORTH IN THIS JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE FULL
TEXT OF THE MORGAN STANLEY OPINION ATTACHED AS APPENDIX F TO THE JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, WHICH SHOULD BE READ CAREFULLY AND IN ITS ENTIRETY.

     In arriving at the Morgan Stanley opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other
things:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       information of Brooks and PRI, respectively;

     - discussed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
       operating data concerning Brooks and PRI prepared by the management of
       Brooks and PRI, respectively;

     - discussed certain financial projections of Brooks and PRI prepared by the
       management of Brooks and PRI, respectively;

     - discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the
       prospects of Brooks and PRI, including information relating to certain
       strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the
       merger, with senior executives of Brooks and PRI, respectively;

     - reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Brooks' earnings per
       share;

     - discussed potential strategic and operational benefits of the merger with
       senior executives of Brooks and PRI;

     - reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for the PRI common
       stock and the Brooks common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of PRI and Brooks and the prices and
       trading activity of the PRI common stock and the Brooks common stock with
       that of other comparable publicly traded companies and their securities;

     - reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
       certain comparable acquisition transactions;

     - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
       Brooks and PRI and their financial and legal advisors;

     - reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents; and

     - considered such other factors and performed such other analyses as Morgan
       Stanley deemed appropriate.

     In arriving at the Morgan Stanley opinion, Morgan Stanley assumed and
relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of
the information reviewed by Morgan Stanley for the purposes of its opinion. With
respect to the financial projections, including information relating to certain
strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger,
Morgan Stanley assumed that they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting
the best currently available estimates and judgments of the future financial
performance and prospects of Brooks and PRI. Morgan Stanley relied upon the
assessment by the managements of Brooks and PRI of their ability to retain key
employees. Morgan Stanley also relied upon, without independent verification,
the assessment by PRI's management of Brooks' and PRI's technologies and
products, the timing and risks associated with the integration of Brooks and PRI
and the validity of, and risks associated with, Brooks' and PRI's existing and
future products and technologies.

     In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed that the merger will be consummated in
accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement, including, among
other things, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization
and/or exchange, each pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code. Morgan Stanley
later confirmed to PRI that the amendment and restatement of the merger
agreement to include the second merger of PRI with and into Brooks did not
affect the conclusion in the Morgan Stanley opinion. Morgan Stanley has not made
any independent valuation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities of Brooks
and PRI, nor has Morgan Stanley been furnished with any such appraisals. The
Morgan Stanley opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and
other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to Morgan
Stanley as of, the date of the Morgan Stanley opinion.

     The following is a brief summary of certain analyses performed by Morgan
Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and its written opinion. Some of
these summaries of financial analyses include information presented in tabular
format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses used by Morgan
Stanley, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The
tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

     Historical Common Stock Performance.  Morgan Stanley's analysis of Brooks'
common stock performance consisted of an historical analysis of closing prices
and trading volumes over the period from January 2, 2001 to October 23, 2001.
During that period, based on closing prices on the Nasdaq National Market, the
Brooks common stock achieved a high closing price per share of $62.61 on April
30, 2001 and a low closing price of $25.22 per share on October 1, 2001.
Additionally, Morgan Stanley noted that the Brooks common stock closed at a
price of $33.11 per share on October 23, 2001. Based on the closing stock prices
of the PRI common stock of $12.54 per share and the Brooks common stock as of
October 23, 2001, and the merger exchange ratio, the implied consideration for
the PRI common stock was approximately $17.22 per share.

     Comparative Stock Price Performance.  Morgan Stanley performed historical
analyses of closing prices of the PRI common stock, the Brooks common stock, the
NASDAQ index, the Asyst Technologies, Inc. common stock and an equally weighted
index of traditional semiconductor capital equipment companies consisting of
Applied Materials, Inc., KLA-Tencor Corp., LAM Research Corp., and Novellus
Systems, Inc. Morgan Stanley compared the performance of such companies and
indices to the performance of the PRI common stock and the Brooks common stock
during such period. Morgan Stanley observed that over the period from January 2,
2001 to October 23, 2001, the traditional semiconductor capital equipment
company index increased 6.4%, the Asyst common stock decreased 28.8%, the Brooks
common stock increased 20.1%, the NASDAQ index decreased 25.6%, and the PRI
common stock decreased 33.1%.

     Comparable Public Company Analysis.  As part of its analysis, Morgan
Stanley compared certain publicly available financial information of certain
semiconductor capital equipment companies as listed below:

              COMPARABLE SEMICONDUCTOR CAPITAL EQUIPMENT COMPANIES

ROBOTICS
  -  Asyst Technologies, Inc.
  -  Brooks
  -  PRI

LARGE CAPITAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURERS
  -  Applied Materials, Inc.
  -  KLA-Tencor Corp.
  -  LAM Research Corp.
  -  Novellus Systems, Inc.

     While noting that none of the comparable public companies listed above are
exactly identical to PRI or Brooks, Morgan Stanley compared the financial
information of those companies to the financial performance of PRI and Brooks.
Such information included the stock trading price divided by the 2002 earnings
per share ("EPS") estimate adjusted for a calendar year end (the "2002E
price/earnings multiple"), aggregate value divided by the 2002 estimated sales
(the "2002E aggregate value/sales") and aggregate value divided by the 2002
estimated gross profit (the "2002E aggregate value/gross profit"). Aggregate
value is defined as the value of the consideration paid per share of common
stock multiplied by the total number of "fully converted shares outstanding" (as
defined) of the company less cash plus the value of any debt, capital lease, and
preferred stock obligations of the company. "Fully converted shares outstanding"
is defined as the number of shares of common stock outstanding plus the total
number of shares of common stock that would be issued upon exercise of any
in-the-money stock options, warrants or convertible debt of the company. The EPS
estimates were derived from First Call mean consensus EPS estimates, while the
gross profit estimates were derived from selected equity research analyst
reports. For the PRI and Brooks 2002 estimated financials, Morgan Stanley used
the First Call mean consensus fiscal year 2002 earnings per share estimates of
($0.75) and ($0.39), respectively.

     The following table presents, as of October 23, 2001, the 2002E
price/earnings multiples, 2002E aggregate value/sales ratio and 2002E aggregate
value/gross profit ratio for the comparable semiconductor capital equipment
companies:

                                                                 2002E
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMPARABLE PUBLIC COMPANIES  AGGREGATE VALUE/SALES   AGGREGATE VALUE/GROSS PROFIT   PRICE/EARNINGS MULTIPLE
- ---------------------------  ---------------------   ----------------------------   -----------------------

ROBOTICS
- - Asyst Technologies,
  Inc. .................             1.3x                        3.3x                           NM
- - Brooks................             2.3x                        5.5x                           NM
- - PRI...................             1.1x                        3.2x                           NM

LARGE CAPITAL EQUIPMENT MANUFACTURERS
- - Applied Materials,
  Inc. .................             5.1x                       11.4x                       135.5x
- - KLA-Tencor Corp. .....             3.6x                        7.3x                        35.3x
- - LAM Research Corp. ...             2.0x                        5.4x                           NM
- - Novellus Systems, Inc. ..          3.0x                        5.7x                        39.5x

     No company utilized in the comparable company comparison analysis is
identical to PRI or Brooks. In evaluating the peer group, Morgan Stanley made
judgments and assumptions with regard to industry

performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of PRI or Brooks. These
other matters include the impact of competition on the business of PRI or Brooks
and the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse
material change in the financial condition and prospects of PRI or Brooks or in
the industry or financial markets in general. Mathematical analysis, such as
determining the average or median, is not in itself a meaningful method of using
peer group data.

     Pro Forma Contribution Analysis.  Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma
financial contribution of each of PRI and Brooks to the combined company. Such
analysis included relative contributions of net revenue, gross profit, net
income and market value of equity at various projected time periods. For the
2001 Brooks financials, Morgan Stanley used an average of equity research
analyst estimates for fiscal year 2001. For 2002, Morgan Stanley used the
estimates described earlier. The following table presents the relative
contribution of PRI's revenues, gross profit, net income and market value of
equity to Brooks:

                                                                RELATIVE
                                                              CONTRIBUTION
                                                              ------------
                                                              PRI   BROOKS
                                                              ---   ------

Revenues
  2001......................................................  46%     54%
  Q3 2001...................................................  49%     51%
  Q4 2001...................................................  46%     54%
  2002......................................................  45%     55%
Gross Profit
  2001......................................................  29%     71%
  Q3 2001...................................................  33%     67%
  Q4 2001...................................................  36%     64%
  2002......................................................  41%     59%
Net Income
  2000......................................................  37%     63%
Market Value of Equity
  As of October 23, 2001....................................  32%     68%

     The implied offer prices in the above table did not take into account any
estimates by the managements of Brooks or PRI of the synergies or cost savings
anticipated from the merger, nor did they take into account any accounting
adjustments or potential changes in capital structure as a result of the merger.
The PRI ownership split of the combined entity of 40% implied by the 0.52x
merger exchange ratio is consistent with the relative financial contributions of
PRI to the combined entity.

     Exchange Ratio Analysis.  Morgan Stanley analyzed the ratios of the closing
prices of the PRI common stock divided by the corresponding prices of Brooks
common stock over various periods during the period from January 2, 2001 to
October 23, 2001. Morgan Stanley observed the following implied exchange ratios
and implied equity value premiums over various periods ending on October 23,
2001 and as of October 23, 2001:

                                        AVERAGE IMPLIED    PRI FULLY DILUTED     IMPLIED EQUITY
PERIOD ENDING OCTOBER 23, 2001          EXCHANGE RATIO    OWNERSHIP IN BROOKS   PREMIUM TO 0.52X
- ------------------------------          ---------------   -------------------   ----------------

As of 10/23/01........................       0.38x                32%                  37%
Prior 10 Days.........................       0.37x                31%                  42%
Prior 30 Days.........................       0.37x                31%                  41%
Prior 60 Days.........................       0.37x                31%                  41%
Prior 90 Days.........................       0.37x                31%                  43%

     Morgan Stanley noted that over the 6 months before it conducted its
analysis, the average exchange ratio between PRI and Brooks is at 0.41x, which
is lower than the 0.52x merger exchange ratio to be paid by Brooks.

     Analysis of Selected Precedent Transactions.  Morgan Stanley reviewed a
number of recent related transactions in the semiconductor and semiconductor
capital equipment industries that consisted of the following:

ANNOUNCEMENT
    DATE                      ACQUIREE                               ACQUIRER
- ------------                  --------                               --------

8/1/01         - General Semiconductor, Inc.           - Vishay Intertechnology, Inc.
3/26/01        - C-Cube Microsystems Inc.              - LSI Logic Corporation
1/29/01        - Dallas Semiconductor Corporation      - Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.
10/27/00       - TelCom Semiconductor, Inc.            - Microchip Technology Incorporated
10/2/00        - Silicon Valley Group, Inc.            - ASM Lithography Holding NV
10/2/00        - Applied Science and Technology, Inc.  - MKS Instruments, Inc.
8/28/00        - MMC Networks, Inc.                    - Applied Micro Circuits Corporation
8/24/00        - Nogatech, Inc.                        - Zoran Corporation
7/12/00        - Quantum Effect Devices, Inc.          - PMC-Sierra, Inc.
6/28/00        - CFM Technologies, Inc.                - Mattson Technology, Inc.
6/21/00        - Burr-Brown Corporation                - Texas Instruments Corporation
2/29/00        - CVC, Inc.                             - Veeco Instruments, Inc.
2/7/00         - Ortel Corporation                     - Lucent Technologies Inc.
1/3/00         - Etec Systems, Inc.                    - Applied Materials, Inc.
12/20/99       - Maker Communications Inc.             - Conexant Systems, Inc.
7/26/99        - Unitrode Corporation                  - Texas Instruments Corporation
3/4/99         - Level One Communications Inc.         - Intel Corporation
2/19/99        - SEEQ Technology Incorporated          - LSI Logic Corporation
12/14/98       - STB Systems, Inc                      - 3Dfx Interactive, Inc.
11/19/98       - Integrated Process Equipment Corp.    - SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.
7/28/97        - Cyrix Corporation                     - National Semiconductor Corporation

     The information analyzed by Morgan Stanley for the precedent transactions
included exchange ratio premium to 30-, 60-, and 90-day trading averages prior
to announcement of the respective transaction. The following table represents
the median, high and low of the 30-, 60-, and 90-day trading averages for the
selected precedent transactions:

                                                      EXCHANGE RATIO PREMIUM TO:
                                                      ---------------------------
                                                      30-DAY    60-DAY    90-DAY
                                                      AVERAGE   AVERAGE   AVERAGE
                                                      -------   -------   -------

Precedent Transactions
  Median............................................    49%        38%       34%
  High..............................................    93%       109%      175%
  Low...............................................    26%        10%        3%

     Morgan Stanley noted that the exchange ratio premiums implied for PRI of
41%, 41%, and 43%, for the 30-, 60-, and 90-day averages, respectively, were
consistent with those paid for other similar semiconductor-related transactions.
However, no transaction utilized as a comparison in the precedent transactions
analysis is identical to the merger. In evaluating the precedent transactions,
Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions regarding industry performance,
general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of PRI or Brooks, such as the impact of
competition on PRI or Brooks and the industry generally, industry growth and the
absence

of any material adverse change in the financial condition and prospects of PRI
or Brooks or the industry or in the financial markets in general. Mathematical
analysis such as determining the average or median is not in itself a meaningful
method of using comparable transaction data.

     Pro Forma Analysis of the Merger.  Morgan Stanley analyzed the pro forma
impact of the merger on EPS for Brooks for the estimated calendar year 2002. The
pro forma results were calculated as if the merger had closed at the beginning
of the 2002 first quarter, and were based on estimated earnings derived from
publicly available research estimates for PRI and Brooks as described under
Comparable Public Company Analysis.

     The following table presents the pro forma 2002 estimated Brooks EPS and
accretion/(dilution) based on a range of pretax operating synergies at an
exchange ratio of 0.52x:

                                                              PRO FORMA 2002E
                                                                 BROOKS EPS
PRETAX                                                      --------------------
SYNERGIES                                                   $ EPS   $ ACCR./DIL.
- ---------                                                   -----   ------------

No Synergies..............................................  (0.31)     (0.23)
$10MM Syn. ...............................................  (0.10)     (0.02)
$20MM Syn. ...............................................   0.11       0.19
$30MM Syn. ...............................................   0.31       0.39

     Morgan Stanley noted that, with approximately $20 million in pretax annual
synergies, on a U.S. generally accepted accounting principles basis, the merger
would be accretive to Brooks' earnings per share in calendar year 2002.

     The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. In
arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the results of all of its
analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any
particular analysis or factor considered by it. Furthermore, Morgan Stanley
believes that selecting any portion of Morgan Stanley's analyses, without
considering all its analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process
underlying the Morgan Stanley opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have
given various analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and
factors, and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than
other assumptions, so that the ranges of valuations resulting from any
particular analysis described above should not be taken to be Morgan Stanley's
view of the actual value of PRI or Brooks.

     In performing its analysis, Morgan Stanley made numerous assumptions with
respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of PRI or Brooks. Any
estimates contained in the analyses performed by Morgan Stanley are not
necessarily indicative of actual values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by such analyses. Such analyses were prepared
solely as a part of Morgan Stanley's analysis of the fairness from a financial
point of view of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement and were
provided to the PRI board of directors in connection with the delivery of the
Morgan Stanley opinion to PRI. The analyses do not purport to be appraisals of
value or to reflect the prices at which PRI or Brooks might actually be sold or
trade. In addition, as described above, the Morgan Stanley opinion was one of
the many factors taken into consideration by the PRI board of directors in
making its determination to approve the merger. The exchange ratio of 0.52x
pursuant to the merger agreement was determined through arm's-length
negotiations between PRI and Brooks and was approved by the PRI board of
directors. Consequently, the Morgan Stanley analyses as described above should
not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the PRI board of directors with
respect to the value of PRI or of whether the PRI board of directors would have
been willing to agree to different consideration.

     Morgan Stanley is an internationally recognized investment banking and
advisory firm. Morgan Stanley, as part of its investment banking business, is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private
placements and valuations for corporate, estate and other purposes. Morgan
Stanley may continue to provide investment banking services to the

combined entity in the future. In the ordinary course of its trading, brokerage
and financing activities, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates may, at any time,
have a long or short position in, and buy and sell the debt or equity securities
and senior loans of PRI or Brooks for its account or the account of its
customers. Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have, in the past, provided
financial advisory and financing services to PRI and its affiliates and have
received fees for the rendering of such services.

     Pursuant to an engagement letter dated as of September 25, 2000, as
amended, Morgan Stanley provided financial advisory services and a financial
fairness opinion in connection with the merger, and PRI agreed to pay Morgan
Stanley fees that are customary if the merger is completed. PRI also agreed to
reimburse Morgan Stanley for expenses incurred by Morgan Stanley in performing
its services. In addition, PRI has also agreed to indemnify Morgan Stanley and
its affiliates, their respective directors, officers, agents and employees and
each person, if any, controlling Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates against
certain liabilities and expenses, including liabilities under the federal
securities laws, related to or arising out of Morgan Stanley's engagement and
any related transactions.

INTERESTS OF PRI'S MANAGEMENT IN THE MERGER AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

     In considering the recommendation of PRI's board of directors with respect
to the proposed merger, PRI stockholders should note that some of PRI's
directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are different
from, or in addition to, their interests solely as PRI stockholders. These
interests may create potential conflicts of interest. The boards of directors of
Brooks and PRI were aware of these interests and took these interests into
account in approving the proposed merger and the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement.

     Voting Agreements.  The directors and executive officers of PRI have
entered into voting agreements with Brooks in which they agreed, among other
things, to vote all PRI shares over which they have voting power to approve and
adopt the merger agreement, the merger and all agreements and actions related to
the merger. For a more complete description of the voting agreements, see
"Related Agreements -- Voting Agreements" beginning on page 88.

     Election of directors.  Under the terms of the merger agreement, Brooks
will increase the size of its board of directors to seven directors and appoint
Mitchell G. Tyson, PRI's president and chief executive officer, and Kenneth M.
Thompson, a current member of the board of directors of PRI, to the board of
directors of Brooks.

     PRI stock options.  The stock options held by each of PRI's directors and
executive officers and all of its employees will be assumed by Brooks in the
merger and become exercisable, in accordance with their terms, for shares of
Brooks common stock. See "The Merger Agreement -- Treatment of PRI Stock Options
and Warrants."

     Employment and retention agreements.  A number of PRI's executive officers
have agreements that will entitle them to stated benefits after the closing of
the merger. For example, Mordechai Wiesler, PRI's chairman of the board, has an
employment agreement under which he will receive a severance payment of
$100,000, acceleration of his options and other benefits as a result of the
merger. Mitchell G. Tyson, PRI's president and chief executive officer, has an
employment agreement with Brooks that will become effective upon the closing of
the merger, providing him with a salary of $182,000 paid over a period of six
months, a potential bonus equal to twice that amount, acceleration of his
options and a payment of $546,000 per year for two years in exchange for his
agreement not to compete with Brooks. In addition, numerous of PRI's officers
and directors, including Mr. Wiesler, have retention agreements with PRI under
which they may receive severance payments and other benefits as a result of the
merger. For more complete information about these agreements, see "Related
Agreements -- Employment Agreement with Mitchell G. Tyson" and "PRI Executive
Compensation -- Employment and Retention Agreements."

     Indemnification of officers and directors.  In the merger agreement, Brooks
agreed to maintain the rights to indemnification, exculpation and reimbursement
of expenses of the persons who were officers or directors of PRI or any of PRI's
subsidiaries before the merger to the same extent as these persons had

these rights under PRI's or the respective subsidiary's charter and bylaws and
any indemnification contract in effect on the date of the merger agreement. In
addition, Brooks agreed that, from and after the merger, persons who become
directors or officers of Brooks in connection with the merger will be entitled
to rights and protections with respect to indemnity, exculpation and
reimbursement of expenses at least as favorable to them as the rights and
protections that the directors and officers of Brooks had before the merger.

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

     The following is a summary of the material United States federal income tax
consequences generally applicable to a stockholder of PRI who is a "United
States person," as defined for United States federal income tax purposes, and
who holds his, her or its shares of PRI common stock as a capital asset.

     For United States federal income tax purposes, a "United States person" is:

     - a United States citizen or resident alien as determined under the
       Internal Revenue Code;

     - a corporation or partnership (as defined by the Internal Revenue Code)
       that is organized under the laws of the United States, any state or the
       District of Columbia;

     - an estate, the income of which is subject to United States federal income
       taxation regardless of its source; or

     - a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary
       supervision over its administration and at least one United States person
       is authorized to control all of its substantial decisions.

     This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code, existing and proposed
Treasury Regulations and judicial and administrative determinations, as each is
in effect as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. All of the
foregoing are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect,
and all are subject to differing interpretation. No advance ruling has been
sought or obtained from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the United States
federal income tax consequences of the merger. The statements in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and the opinions of counsel that are described in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus are not binding on the Internal Revenue
Service or a court. As a result, none of Brooks, Pontiac Acquisition Corp., nor
PRI can guarantee any PRI stockholder that the tax considerations or opinions
described here will not be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service or
sustained by a court if so challenged.

     This summary does not address aspects of United States taxation other than
United States federal income taxation. It does not address all aspects of United
States federal income taxation and it does not address federal income tax
considerations that may apply to stockholders subject to special rules under the
Internal Revenue Code, including, for example, persons who acquired shares of
PRI common stock as a result of the exercise of employee stock options or
otherwise as compensation, tax-exempt organizations, financial institutions,
broker-dealers, insurance companies, persons having a "functional currency"
other than the United States dollar, persons who hold their PRI shares as part
of a straddle, wash sale, hedging or conversion transaction, and certain former
United States citizens and long-term residents. In addition, this summary and
the opinions described here do not address any state, local or foreign tax
consequences of the mergers.

EACH PRI STOCKHOLDER IS URGED TO CONSULT AND RELY ON HIS, HER OR ITS TAX
ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL, AND FOREIGN
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGERS BASED UPON THE STOCKHOLDER'S PARTICULAR
CIRCUMSTANCES.

  PRI COMMON STOCK

     Brooks has received an opinion from its special tax counsel, Ropes & Gray,
to the effect that, for United States federal income tax purposes, the merger of
Pontiac Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Brooks, with and into
PRI and the immediate subsequent merger of PRI with and into Brooks will
constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal
Revenue

Code. PRI has received an opinion from its tax counsel, Foley, Hoag & Eliot LLP,
to the same effect. These opinions have been filed with the registration
statement in which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is included. It is a
condition to closing of the merger that tax counsel issue closing opinions
confirming their conclusions on the closing date. In rendering their opinions in
connection with this joint proxy statement/prospectus, tax counsel have received
and relied upon, and in rendering their opinions in connection with the closing
tax counsel will receive and rely upon, certificates containing representations
regarding past, current and future matters that are customary for transactions
of this nature. If any of the representations is inaccurate or incorrect, the
conclusions stated in these opinions could be affected.

     The following are the material United States federal income tax
consequences that will generally result from treatment of the merger and the
immediate subsequent merger as a reorganization described in Section 368 of the
Internal Revenue Code:

     - a PRI stockholder will recognize no gain or loss upon the conversion of
       his, her or its shares of PRI common stock into shares of Brooks common
       stock, except with respect to cash received in lieu of a fractional share
       interest in Brooks common stock;

     - a PRI stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the shares of Brooks common
       stock that such PRI stockholder receives in the merger in exchange for
       his, her or its shares of PRI common stock will be the same as his, her
       or its aggregate tax basis in those shares of PRI common stock, reduced
       by any amount of tax basis allocable to a fractional share interest in
       Brooks common stock for which cash is received;

     - a PRI stockholder's holding period for the shares of Brooks common stock
       that such PRI stockholder receives in the merger in exchange for his, her
       or its shares of PRI common stock will include his, her or its holding
       period for those shares of PRI common stock;

     - a PRI stockholder who receives cash in lieu of a fractional share
       interest in Brooks common stock will be treated as having received such
       cash in exchange for such fractional share interest and generally will
       recognize capital gain or loss on such deemed exchange, in an amount
       equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the basis
       of the PRI common stock allocable to such fractional share;

     - if a PRI stockholder exercises dissenters' rights with respect to a share
       of PRI common stock and receives payment for such share in cash, such PRI
       stockholder generally will recognize gain or loss measured by the
       difference between his, her or its basis in such share and the amount of
       cash received, provided that the payment is neither essentially
       equivalent to a dividend within the meaning of Section 302 of the
       Internal Revenue Code nor has the effect of a distribution of a dividend
       within the meaning of Section 356(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code; and

     - none of Brooks, PRI, Pontiac Acquisition Corp., or any stockholder of
       Brooks will recognize any gain or loss as a result of the merger or the
       immediate subsequent merger of PRI into Brooks.

     If the Internal Revenue Service were to challenge successfully the
treatment of the merger as set forth in the opinions described above, then a
holder of PRI common stock would recognize taxable gain or loss with respect to
his, her or its shares of PRI common stock surrendered in the merger, in an
amount equal to the difference between (i) the fair market value of the shares
of Brooks common stock that he, she or it receives in the merger plus the amount
of cash received in lieu of fractional shares, and (ii) such PRI stockholder's
adjusted tax basis in his, her or its shares of PRI common stock. In such case,
such PRI stockholder's aggregate tax basis in the shares of Brooks common stock
so received would equal the fair market value of such shares, and his, her or
its holding period for such shares would begin the day after the mergers.

  NET OPERATING LOSS AND TAX CREDIT CARRYFORWARDS OF PRI AND BROOKS

     As of September 30, 2001, PRI had approximately $84.2 million of net
operating loss carryforwards available. Subject to current limitations with
respect to approximately $1.2 million of these losses, PRI ordinarily could
carry these net operating losses forward to offset future taxable income for 20
years (15 years for net operating losses incurred in tax years beginning before
1998) after they were incurred. However, the mergers are likely to limit the
ability of Brooks and PRI to utilize PRI's pre-merger net operating losses to
offset post-merger income. In particular, under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code, in any taxable year after the mergers Brooks and PRI will be able
to use an amount of PRI's pre-merger net operating losses equal only to the
product of (i) the long-term tax-exempt bond rate (which would be 4.74% if the
mergers closed in December 2001) in effect at the effective time of the mergers,
and (ii) the fair market value of PRI's common stock immediately before the
mergers. Similar limitations will apply to post-merger use of PRI's pre-merger
tax credit carryforwards under Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code. These
annual limitations could be reduced under various special rules. For example,
the annual limitations could be reduced if PRI's 2000 public offering were
treated as part of a plan that had a principal purpose of avoiding or increasing
these limitations. PRI does not believe that its 2000 public offering will be
treated as part of such a plan.

     As of September 30, 2001, Brooks had federal and state net operating loss,
federal and state research credit and federal foreign tax credit carryforwards
of approximately $18.5 million, $7.6 million and $4.1 million, respectively. The
carryforwards expire at various dates through 2021. Sections 382 and 383 of the
Internal Revenue Code may impose a limit on the use of Brook's pre-merger
federal carryforwards in determining the combined tax liability of Brooks and
PRI after the merger. Brooks believes this limitation will not materially defer
the time that the Brooks carryforwards would otherwise be used after taking into
account the use of the PRI net operating losses described above.

MATERIAL CANADIAN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

     In the opinion of Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP, the following is a summary
of the principal Canadian federal income tax considerations generally applicable
to holders of PRI Canada exchangeable shares as a result of the mergers. The
summary applies only to stockholders who, for purposes of the Income Tax Act
(Canada) or the Canadian Tax Act, are resident in Canada, hold their PRI Canada
exchangeable shares and will hold their shares of Brooks common stock as capital
property, deal at arm's length with Brooks, PRI, PRI Canada and PRI's Ontario
subsidiary, and are not affiliated with Brooks, PRI, PRI Canada or PRI's Ontario
subsidiary. This summary does not apply to a holder with respect to whom PRI or
Brooks is or will be a foreign affiliate within the meaning of the Canadian Tax
Act. This summary deals only with certain consequences of the mergers, and is
not intended as, and should not be construed as a complete summary of all
Canadian federal income tax considerations applicable to the holding of PRI
Canada exchangeable shares or shares of Brooks common stock or the exchange of
PRI Canada exchangeable shares for shares of Brooks common stock.

     PRI Canada exchangeable shares will generally be considered to be capital
property to a stockholder unless held in the course of carrying on a business,
in an adventure in the nature of trade or as "mark-to-market property" for
purposes of the Canadian Tax Act. Stockholders resident in Canada whose PRI
Canada exchangeable shares might not otherwise qualify as capital property may
be entitled to obtain such qualification by making the irrevocable election
provided by subsection 39(4) of the Canadian Tax Act. Stockholders who do not
hold their shares as capital property should consult their own tax advisors
regarding their particular circumstances and, in the case of certain "financial
institutions," as defined in section 142.2 of the Canadian Tax Act, the
potential application to them of the "mark-to-market" rules in the Canadian Tax
Act, as the following summary does not apply to such stockholders.

     This summary is based on the current provisions of the Canadian Tax Act,
the Regulations thereunder and counsel's understanding of the current
administrative policies and assessing practices of the Canada Customs and
Revenue Agency, or the CCRA. This summary takes into account all proposed
amendments to the Canadian Tax Act and Regulations publicly announced by the
Minister of Finance

before the date hereof and assumes that all such proposed amendments will be
enacted in their present form. However, no assurances can be given that the
proposed amendments will be enacted in the form proposed, or at all.

     Except for the proposed amendments, this summary does not take into account
or anticipate any changes in law, whether by legislative, administrative or
judicial decision or action, nor does it take into account provincial,
territorial or foreign income tax legislation or considerations, which may
differ from the Canadian federal income tax considerations described herein. No
advance tax ruling has been sought or obtained from the CCRA to confirm the tax
consequences of any of the transactions described herein.

     WHILE THIS SUMMARY IS INTENDED TO ADDRESS THE PRINCIPAL CANADIAN FEDERAL
INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS, IT IS OF A GENERAL NATURE ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED TO
BE, NOR SHOULD IT BE CONSTRUED TO BE, LEGAL, BUSINESS OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY
PARTICULAR STOCKHOLDER. SUCH HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH
RESPECT TO THEIR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

     For purposes of the Canadian Tax Act, all amounts must be expressed in
Canadian dollars, including dividends, adjusted cost base and proceeds of
disposition; amounts denominated in United States dollars must be converted into
Canadian dollars based on the United States dollar exchange rate generally
prevailing at the time such amounts arise.

  EFFECT OF MERGERS ON PRI CANADA EXCHANGEABLE SHARES

     As a consequence of the mergers, each PRI Canada exchangeable share will
automatically become exchangeable for 0.52 shares of Brooks common stock
following completion of the mergers. A stockholder will not transfer or
otherwise dispose of a PRI Canada exchangeable share by reason only of the
mergers, and the terms of the PRI Canada exchangeable shares will not be
amended. Accordingly, a stockholder will not be considered to dispose of PRI
Canada exchangeable shares by reason only of the mergers.

     A stockholder will dispose of ancillary rights (which consist of voting
rights, an automatic exchange right, an exchange right, an exchange put right
and call rights, as detailed in the voting and exchange trust agreement), as a
result of the mergers for proceeds of disposition equal to the fair market value
of the ancillary rights received in exchange. PRI Canada is of the view, and has
advised counsel, that the fair market value of the ancillary rights is nominal.
Such determination of value is not binding on the CCRA, and counsel can express
no opinion on such matters of factual determination.

  FOREIGN INVESTMENT ENTITY DRAFT LEGISLATION

     On August 2, 2001, the Canadian Minister of Finance released revised draft
legislation to amend the Canadian Tax Act to implement a proposal concerning the
taxation of holdings in "foreign investment entities," or FIEs. In general
terms, the draft legislation applies to any "participating interest" in a FIE.
PRI Canada exchangeable shares and shares of Brooks common stock will be
regarded as participating interests in a FIE if Brooks is a FIE. Generally
speaking, Brooks would be a FIE if the "carrying value" of its "investment
property" is more than 50% of the "carrying value" of all its property,
determined in accordance with detailed rules in the draft legislation.

     If the FIE rules apply, a stockholder would generally be required to take
into account in computing income, on an annual basis, any increase or decrease
in the fair market value of a PRI Canada exchangeable share or share of Brooks
common stock, as the case may be, under a new "mark-to-market" rule, and a
stockholder would be required to recognize as ordinary income or loss, rather
than as a capital gain or capital loss, any gain or loss realized from the
disposition of a PRI Canada exchangeable share or share of Brooks common stock,
as the case may be. In certain circumstances, alternative treatment would be
available on an elective basis for a holder of shares of Brooks common stock,
but not for a holder of PRI Canada exchangeable shares.

     The draft legislation released on August 2, 2001 provides that the FIE
rules do not apply to a holder of a participating interest in a FIE where the
conditions relating to certain specific exceptions are met. In

particular, the FIE rules generally will not apply to a holder of PRI Canada
exchangeable shares or shares of Brooks common stock provided:

     - such shares are listed on a prescribed stock exchange, which currently
       includes the Toronto Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq National Market;

     - such shares are "widely held," within the meaning of the draft
       legislation;

     - such shares are "actively traded," within the meaning of the draft
       legislation; and

     - it is not reasonable to conclude that the holder had a "tax avoidance
       motive," within the meaning of the draft legislation, for the acquisition
       of such shares.

     For these purposes, a holder will be considered to have a tax avoidance
motive in acquiring shares if it is reasonable to conclude that the main reasons
for acquiring such shares include deriving a benefit attributable to income
derived from investment property, to profits or gains from the disposition of
investment property or to an increase in the value of investment property and
the deferral or reduction of tax that would have been payable by the holder had
such holder realized such income, profit or gains.

     On December 17, 2001, the Minister of Finance announced a one-year delay of
the effective date of the FIE rules such that the new rules are now proposed to
apply to taxation years beginning after 2002. The Minister indicated that this
delay will allow for full consideration of submissions that have been received
concerning the FIE rules. It is impossible to predict what changes, if any, may
be made in the draft legislation, or indeed whether the draft legislation will
be enacted in its current form or at all. Stockholders are advised to consult
their own tax advisors with respect to the potential effects, if any, to them of
the FIE rules in their own circumstances.

REGULATORY APPROVALS

  ANTITRUST CONSIDERATIONS

     Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and the
regulations promulgated under that act, the merger may not be completed unless
required filings have been submitted to the Antitrust Division of the U.S.
Department of Justice and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, and related waiting
period requirements have expired or are earlier terminated by the Antitrust
Division or the FTC. Effective November 13, 2001, Brooks and PRI submitted the
required filings to the Antitrust Division and the FTC. On December 13, 2001,
the Antitrust Division requested additional information from Brooks and PRI,
known as a second request. This request extends the waiting period for this
transaction until 30 days after the parties' substantial compliance with the
request, unless the parties and the Antitrust Division agree on a different time
period. Brooks and PRI intend to comply with requests for information from any
government entity.

     The merger is also subject to review under the German Competition Act,
which requires Brooks and PRI to make pre-merger notification filings and to
await the expiration or earlier termination of statutory waiting periods prior
to completing the merger. Brooks and PRI will also make filings in other
jurisdictions if filings in those jurisdictions are required. These foreign
agencies may also request the parties to provide, voluntarily or otherwise,
information relevant to their review. Brooks and PRI intend to make the required
filings with these foreign agencies and intend to comply with requests for such
information.

     During or after the statutory waiting periods, and even after completion of
the merger, the Antitrust Division, the FTC or the German Federal Cartel Office
could challenge or seek to block the merger under the antitrust laws, as such
agency deems necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to
enjoin the consummation of the merger or seeking the divestiture of substantial
assets of Brooks or PRI. Other foreign and state competition agencies with
jurisdiction over the merger could also initiate action to challenge or block
the merger. In addition, in some jurisdictions a competitor, customer or other
third party could initiate a private action under the antitrust laws challenging
or seeking to enjoin the merger, before or after it is completed. Brooks and PRI
cannot be sure that a challenge to the merger will not be made or that, if a
challenge is made, Brooks and PRI will prevail.

  GENERAL

     Brooks and PRI have agreed to take all reasonable actions to comply
promptly with all legal requirements that may be imposed on them in connection
with the merger and related transactions. The parties may need to obtain
consents, approvals, orders or authorizations from governmental agencies, and
may need to make filings, declarations or registrations with governmental
agencies.

     If any additional actions are required in connection with the merger or
related transactions, Brooks and PRI intend to take those actions as promptly as
possible, but may be unable to obtain all necessary consents, approvals, orders
or authorizations.

     Under the merger agreement, neither party is obligated to complete the
merger if any temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction
or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal or
regulatory restraint or prohibition preventing completion of the merger is in
effect.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     Brooks will account for the merger using the purchase method of accounting
in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141,
"Business Combinations." As such, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of
PRI will be recorded at their fair values as of the date of the merger. Any
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible assets and
identifiable intangible assets acquired will be recorded as goodwill. The
results of operations of PRI will be included in Brooks' results of operations
from the date of the closing of the merger.

LISTING OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN THE MERGER

     The approval for quotation on the Nasdaq National Market of the shares of
Brooks common stock to be issued in the merger is a condition to the
consummation of the merger.

FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS CONSEQUENCES; STOCK TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS

     The shares of Brooks common stock to be issued in connection with the
merger will be registered under the Securities Act and will be freely
transferable under the Securities Act, except that:

     - persons who are deemed to be "affiliates," as defined in the Securities
       Act, of PRI prior to the merger may only sell the shares of Brooks common
       stock they receive in the merger:

     - in transactions permitted by the resale provisions of Rule 145 under the
       Securities Act;

     - under an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
       covering the resale of such shares; or

     - under any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act; and

     - persons who become affiliates of Brooks may only sell their shares in
       transactions permitted by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or as
       otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.

Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include individuals or entities that
control, are controlled by, or are under common control with either Brooks or
PRI and may include some of the officers, directors, or principal stockholders
of Brooks or PRI.

     In general, under Rule 145, for one year following the effective time of
the merger, an affiliate of PRI prior to the merger will be entitled to sell
shares of Brooks common stock acquired in the merger only through unsolicited
"broker transactions" or in transactions directly with a "market maker," as such
terms are defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Additionally, the number
of shares to be sold by such an affiliate (together with certain related persons
and certain persons acting in concert) within any three-month period for
purposes of Rule 145 may not exceed the greater of 1% of the outstanding shares
of Brooks common stock or the average weekly trading volume of the shares of
Brooks common stock during

the four calendar weeks preceding such sale. Rule 145 will only remain available
to persons who were affiliates of PRI prior to the merger if Brooks remains
current with its informational filings with the SEC. One year after the
effective time of the merger, a person who was an affiliate of PRI prior to the
merger will be able to sell shares of Brooks common stock without regard to such
manner of sale or volume limitations, provided that Brooks is current with its
informational filings and such person is not then an affiliate of Brooks. Two
years after the effective time of the merger, a person who was an affiliate of
PRI prior to the merger will be able to sell such shares of Brooks common stock
without any restrictions so long as such person had not been an affiliate of
Brooks for at least three months prior to the sale.

MANAGEMENT OF BROOKS FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     The board of directors of Brooks will be expanded at the effective time of
the merger from five to seven members, and the two new positions will be filled
by Mitchell G. Tyson, the current president and chief executive officer of PRI,
and by Kenneth M. Thompson, a current member of the PRI board of directors. See
"The Merger Agreement -- Appointment of Additional Directors to the Board of
Directors of Brooks." The current officers of Brooks will continue to serve
Brooks in their current positions. After the merger, Mitchell G. Tyson will
serve Brooks as special assistant to the chief executive officer of Brooks.

OPERATIONS FOLLOWING THE MERGER

     Following the merger, the stockholders of PRI will become stockholders of
Brooks, and their rights as stockholders will be governed by Brooks' certificate
of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND RELATED DOCUMENTS

     The parties entered into the merger agreement on October 23, 2001. The
parties amended and restated the merger agreement on December 18, 2001. In this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, we often refer to the merger agreement, which
means the amended and restated merger agreement dated December 18, 2001.
Similarly, we often refer to the merger, which, unless the context otherwise
requires, refers to the merger of Pontiac Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Brooks, with and into PRI, and the immediate subsequent merger of
PRI with and into Brooks. Brooks will be the sole surviving corporation. In this
section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, we describe the material
provisions of the merger agreement. We have attached a copy of the merger
agreement as Appendix A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and incorporate
the merger agreement into this joint proxy statement/ prospectus by reference.
The summary of the merger agreement we provide below is qualified in its
entirety by reference to that agreement. We encourage you to read the merger
agreement because it is the legal document that governs the merger.

STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER

     Pontiac Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Brooks, will merge
with and into PRI. As a result of the merger, Pontiac Acquisition Corp. will
cease to exist. Immediately thereafter, PRI will be merged with and into Brooks.
Brooks will be the surviving corporation in the second merger and PRI will cease
to exist.

EFFECTIVE TIME

     The merger will close at 10:00 a.m., local time, not later than the third
business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the merger
provided for in the merger agreement (see "Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger" below), unless we agree to another time or date. The merger will become
effective after PRI and Pontiac Acquisition Corp. file articles of merger with
the Secretary of State of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Immediately
following that merger, PRI will be merged with and into Brooks, and Brooks will
be the sole surviving corporation.

WHAT PRI STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER

     At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of PRI common
stock, other than dissenting shares, will convert automatically into the right
to receive 0.52 shares of Brooks common stock. Cash will be paid in lieu of any
fractional shares of Brooks common stock. Each outstanding PRI Canada
exchangeable share will automatically become exchangeable for 0.52 shares of
Brooks common stock.

     Each outstanding share of Brooks common stock will remain outstanding and
will not be converted or changed in the merger.

TREATMENT OF PRI STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

     All PRI stock options and warrants outstanding at the effective time of the
merger will remain outstanding, and Brooks will assume all obligations with
respect to them with the following modifications:

     - following the merger, each PRI option or warrant holder will be entitled
       to purchase a number of shares of Brooks common stock that is equal to
       the number of shares of PRI common stock subject to the option or warrant
       immediately prior to the effective time, times 0.52 (rounded down to the
       nearest whole share). The exercise price per share of Brooks common stock
       subject to any such PRI option or warrant as of the effective time will
       be equal to the exercise price per share of PRI common shares subject to
       the option or warrant immediately prior to the effective time, divided by
       0.52 (rounded up to the nearest cent). For example, if a person holds an
       unexercised option to purchase 100 shares of PRI common stock for $1.00
       per share, as of the closing of the merger

Brooks will assume that option, and it will become an option to purchase 52 (100
x .52) shares of Brooks common stock for $1.93 (1.00 / .52 rounded up to the
next cent) per share. The other terms of the option or warrant, such as the
      expiration date, will be unchanged;

     - Brooks will take all necessary corporate action to reserve for issuance a
       sufficient number of shares of Brooks common stock for delivery upon the
       exercise of PRI options and warrants; and

     - prior to the merger, Brooks will file one or more registration statements
       on Form S-8 with respect to the Brooks shares of common stock subject to
       the assumed PRI options, and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
       maintain the effectiveness of any such registration statement for so long
       as the PRI options remain outstanding.

PROCEDURES FOR SURRENDER OF CERTIFICATES; FRACTIONAL SHARES

     After the completion of the merger, EquiServe Trust Company, N.A., the
exchange agent for the merger, will send a letter of transmittal to each PRI
stockholder. The letter of transmittal will contain instructions for the
surrender of PRI stock certificates.

     Upon surrender of stock certificates in accordance with the instructions in
the letter of transmittal, the surrendering PRI stockholders will be entitled to
receive stock certificates representing the shares of Brooks common stock into
which the shares of PRI common stock represented by the surrendered PRI stock
certificates were converted in the merger, together with a cash payment instead
of any fractional shares of Brooks common stock they would otherwise be entitled
to receive, as described below.

     PRI stockholders who do not surrender their PRI stock certificates will not
receive dividends payable to Brooks stockholders on any date after the effective
time of the merger. When the PRI stock certificates are finally surrendered, any
of these unpaid dividends will be paid, without interest.

     PRI's transfer books will be closed at the effective time of the merger and
no further transfers of shares of PRI stock will be recorded. If shares of PRI
stock have been transferred and the transfer was not registered in PRI's
transfer books, a certificate representing the shares of Brooks common stock
into which the transferred shares were converted in the merger will be issued to
the person to whom those shares were transferred, together with a cash payment
instead of fractional shares of Brooks common stock, if any, and any unpaid
dividends in respect of those Brooks shares, so long as the stock certificates
representing the transferred PRI shares are accompanied by all documents
required to evidence and effect the transfer and by evidence of payment of any
applicable stock transfer taxes.

     If your PRI stock certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed, you
will be entitled to receive the merger consideration only by making an affidavit
and, if required by Brooks, by posting a bond in an amount sufficient to protect
Brooks against claims related to your PRI stock certificate. PRI stockholders
are urged to notify EquiServe immediately if their PRI stock certificates have
been lost, stolen, destroyed or are not properly registered, in order to begin
the process of obtaining replacement PRI stock certificates. EquiServe can be
reached at 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021, telephone (781)
575-2000.

     Brooks will not issue fractional shares of Brooks common stock. Instead,
the exchange agent will pay an amount in cash determined by multiplying the
applicable fractional share interest by the closing sale price for the shares of
Brooks common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the day of the completion
of the merger. Taxes will be withheld if required.

     None of Brooks, Pontiac Acquisition Corp., PRI and the exchange agent will
be liable to any PRI stockholder for any undistributed shares of Brooks common
stock or cash amounts that are delivered to a public official under applicable
abandoned property or similar laws.

APPOINTMENT OF ADDITIONAL DIRECTORS TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF BROOKS

     The board of directors of Brooks fixes, from time to time, the number of
directors authorized by Brooks' bylaws. The size of the board is currently fixed
at five, and five persons have been nominated by the board to serve as
directors. Please see "Brooks Proposal No. 3 -- Election of Brooks Directors"
for a

discussion of the election of these nominees. If this Proposal No. 1 is approved
and the merger is completed, Brooks has agreed to fix the number of directors at
seven, and to appoint two additional directors to serve until the Brooks 2003
annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors have been
duly elected and qualified. The board of directors of Brooks intends to appoint
the persons listed below, each of whom currently serves as a director of PRI, as
additional directors if Proposal No. 1 is approved.

                                                                                    PRI
NAME                            AGE                  POSITION                  DIRECTOR SINCE
- ----                            ---                  --------                  --------------

Mitchell G. Tyson.............   47   Director, President and Chief                 1995
                                      Executive Officer, PRI
Kenneth M. Thompson...........   63   Director, PRI                                 1998

     Mitchell G. Tyson was named chief executive officer of PRI in August 1998.
He was elected to the office of president and named a director of PRI in 1995.
Mr. Tyson served as PRI's chief operating officer from 1990 to 1998. From 1987
to 1990, he served as vice president, operations of PRI. From 1984 to 1987, Mr.
Tyson was the director of product management of GCA Corporation, a manufacturer
of semiconductor capital equipment. From 1979 to 1984, he was a senior
legislative assistant and science advisor to U.S. Senator Paul Tsongas in
Washington, D.C. Mr. Tyson holds a B.S. in physics, an M.S. in political science
and an M.S. in nuclear engineering, all from the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. Mr. Tyson is a member of the board of directors of the International
Sematech Industry Executive Forum and the North American Advisory Board of SEMI,
a trade association that represents the worldwide semiconductor equipment
industry. Mr. Tyson is also a member of the board of directors and treasurer of
the Massachusetts High Technology Council.

     Kenneth M. Thompson became a director of PRI in July 1998. Mr. Thompson is
president, chief executive officer and a director of AvantCom Network, Inc., a
supplier of Internet-based diagnostics software. He was employed by Intel
Corporation for twenty-five years, most recently as vice president, technology
manufacturing engineering. He retired from Intel in 1998. Mr. Thompson is a
director of Lam Research Corporation, a semiconductor equipment supplier. Lam is
a significant customer of Brooks. See "Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions of Brooks."

NAME OF BROOKS AFTER THE MERGER

     At or immediately after the merger, Brooks plans to change its name to
"Brooks-PRI Automation, Inc." or as otherwise agreed to between Brooks and PRI
prior to the merger. See "Brooks Proposal No. 5 -- Further Amendment of Brooks'
Certificate of Incorporation."

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     In the merger agreement, Brooks and PRI made various representations and
warranties to each other. The representations made relate to, among other
things:

     - corporate organization, qualification, standing and power;

     - subsidiaries;

     - capitalization;

     - authorization and enforceability of the merger documents, required
       consents and approvals (including board, stockholder and governmental) to
       complete the merger, and whether entering into the merger will violate
       existing agreements;

     - compliance with applicable laws, and requirements regarding permits and
       licenses;

     - documents filed with the SEC;

     - title to properties;

     - preparation of the registration statement and compliance with securities
       laws;

     - absence of material changes or events since June 30, 2001 (since July 1,
       2001 for PRI), other than changes relating to various excluded factors;

     - tax matters;

     - contracts;

     - litigation and disclosure of liabilities;

     - employee benefit matters;

     - intellectual property matters;

     - environmental matters;

     - labor matters;

     - engagement of and payment of fees to brokers, investment bankers, finders
       or financial advisors in connection with the merger agreement;

     - opinion of financial advisor;

     - the inapplicability of state business combination laws to the merger
       agreement or the consummation of the merger;

     - amendments to stockholder rights agreements; and

     - the execution of voting agreements by the directors and certain officers
       of each party and the delivery of such agreements to the other party.

     Additional representations regarding Pontiac Acquisition Corp. made by
Brooks to PRI relate to, among other things:

     - capitalization;

     - corporate organization, qualification, standing and power; and

     - authorization and enforceability of the merger documents.

     The merger agreement provides that these representations and warranties
will not survive, or continue in effect, after the closing of the merger.

COVENANTS

  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

     During the period from the date of the merger agreement to the effective
time of the merger, each of Brooks and PRI must comply with agreements relating
to the conduct of their respective businesses. Except as permitted or
contemplated by the merger agreement or as consented to by the other party, each
of Brooks and PRI have agreed that until the completion of the merger it will
each:

     - conduct its business in all material respects in the ordinary course
       consistent with past practice;

     - use reasonable efforts to preserve its business organization;

     - use reasonable efforts to keep available the services of its officers and
       other employees;

     - use reasonable efforts to maintain its existing relations and goodwill
       with customers, suppliers, regulators, distributors, creditors, lessors
       and others having business dealings with it;

     - promptly advise the other party orally and in writing if it has knowledge
       that any of its representations or warranties in the merger agreement has
       become untrue or inaccurate, or that it

       or any of its subsidiaries has failed to comply with or satisfy any of
       its covenants in the merger agreement; and

     - promptly advise the other party orally and in writing if it has knowledge
       of any material adverse effect or any change or event that could
       reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the truth of
       its representations and warranties or its ability to satisfy any
       condition to the merger.

     Except as otherwise permitted by the merger agreement or as consented to by
the other party, the merger agreement prohibits each of Brooks and PRI from
taking specific action prior to completion of the merger, including:

     - declaring or paying dividends;

     - splitting, combining, subdividing or reclassifying its outstanding
       shares;

     - repurchasing its shares;

     - issuing shares of common stock, or options to purchase shares of its
       common stock, or securities convertible into shares of its common stock,
       with specified permitted exceptions;

     - amending its organizational documents;

     - purchasing any other business or entity that:

        - for PRI, would involve aggregate consideration in excess of $5 million
          or would not be reasonably expected to be accretive to PRI's earnings
          within 12 months following consummation; or

        - for Brooks, would involve aggregate consideration in excess of $200
          million or would require the approval of the Brooks stockholders.

     - taking any action that could reasonably be expected to result in any of
       its representations and warranties set forth in the merger agreement
       becoming untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, or any of the
       conditions to the merger not being satisfied.

     Additionally, the merger agreement also prohibits PRI, except as otherwise
permitted by the merger agreement or as consented to by Brooks, from taking
specific actions, including:

     - leasing, encumbering or otherwise disposing of its assets, except in the
       ordinary course of business or pursuant to specified permitted
       exceptions;

     - making any expenditure of cash in excess of $8 million in the aggregate;

     - incurring, assuming, or guaranteeing indebtedness for money borrowed in
       excess of $5 million on or before January 31, 2002, or in excess of $20
       million after January 31, 2002, other than letters of credit issued for
       the benefit of customers of PRI in the ordinary course of business;

     - accelerating, amending or changing the period of exercisability of
       options or restricted stock granted under any PRI stock plan or
       authorizing cash payments in exchange for any options granted under any
       such plan;

     - increasing the compensation payable to any of its officers, directors or
       employees except in the ordinary course of the business;

     - granting any severance or termination pay to any of its directors or
       officers, except in connection with reductions in force or terminations
       of individual employees in the normal course of business;

     - entering into any collective bargaining agreement (other than as required
       by law), or establishing, adopting, entering into or amending any
       employee benefit plan for the benefit of any directors, officers or
       employees;

     - settling or compromising any pending or threatened suit, action or claim,
       other than settlements of matters for less than or equal to $3 million,
       individually or in the aggregate;

     - except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
       modifying or amending in any material respect any material contract;

     - changing in any material respect its accounting methods, principles or
       practices, other than as required by generally accepted accounting
       principles or by the Securities and Exchange Commission; and

     - authorizing, or committing, or agreeing to take, any of the foregoing
       actions.

     The foregoing limitations do not apply to any transaction between PRI and a
wholly owned subsidiary of PRI or between any wholly owned subsidiaries of PRI.

  NO SOLICITATION

     PRI may not, and may not permit its subsidiaries to, authorize or permit
any of its officers, directors, employees, accountants, counsel, investment
bankers, financial advisors or representatives to:

     - solicit, initiate or encourage (including by way of furnishing
       information), or take any other action to knowingly facilitate any
       takeover proposal; or

     - participate in any discussions or negotiations regarding any takeover
       proposal or provide any confidential information to any person relating
       to any takeover proposal, with specified exceptions (described directly
       below).

     However, prior to obtaining stockholder approval of the merger, in response
to an unsolicited takeover proposal that the PRI board determines in good faith
(after consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of nationally
recognized reputation) is reasonably likely to lead to a superior proposal, PRI
may:

     - furnish confidential information to the person making the takeover
       proposal to PRI if that person signs a customary confidentiality
       agreement not less restrictive on such person than the confidentiality
       agreement PRI signed with Brooks; and

     - participate in discussions and negotiations regarding the takeover
       proposal.

     In the merger agreement, "takeover proposal" is defined to mean any
inquiry, proposal, indication of interest or offer from any person relating to
any:

     - acquisition or purchase of a business or assets that constitutes 15% of
       the net revenues, net income or assets of PRI and its subsidiaries, taken
       as a whole;

     - tender offer or exchange offer that if completed would result in a person
       beneficially owning 15% or more of any class of equity securities of PRI;
       or

     - merger or other business combination or transaction involving PRI or
       PRI's common stock, or any of PRI's subsidiaries whose business
       constitutes 30% or more of the net revenues, net income or assets of PRI
       and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

     In the merger agreement, "superior proposal" is defined as any takeover
proposal by a third party, if:

     - the proposal is for all of the capital stock of PRI or not less than 90%
       of the assets (except to the extent not more than 30% of the assets is
       reasonably anticipated to be required to be disposed of by a regulatory
       body); and

     - the proposal is otherwise on terms that the PRI board of directors
       determines, in its good faith judgment based in part on the advice of a
       financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation, to be more
       favorable to PRI's stockholders than the proposed merger with Brooks and
       for which the third party has obtained committed financing, to the extent
       required, or in the good faith judgment of the PRI board, the third party
       is reasonably capable of obtaining and completing such financing.

     In addition, PRI must advise Brooks orally and in writing of any takeover
proposal or superior proposal or any inquiry that could reasonably be expected
to lead to any takeover proposal or superior proposal, and the material terms of
any such takeover proposal or superior proposal. PRI must also keep Brooks
reasonably informed of any material changes to any such takeover proposal or
superior proposal.

     Except in the circumstances we describe below, the PRI board of directors
may not:

     - withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse
       to Brooks, its approval of the merger or the merger agreement;

     - approve any letter of intent, memorandum of intent, agreement in
       principle, acquisition agreement or similar agreement relating to any
       takeover proposal or superior proposal; or

     - approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any
       takeover proposal or superior proposal.

     In response to a superior proposal from a third party that PRI did not
solicit in violation of the merger agreement, the PRI board of directors may,
prior to stockholder approval of the merger with Brooks, approve or recommend
that PRI enter into an agreement with the third party with respect to its
superior proposal if the PRI board of directors determines in good faith, after
consultation with outside counsel, that the failure to do so is reasonably
likely to constitute a breach of fiduciary duty to PRI stockholders. However,
the PRI board must first give written notice advising Brooks that it has
resolved to recommend a superior proposal, specifying its material terms and
identifying the person making the superior proposal, and then must wait five
business days after giving the notice.

     Within five business days of receipt of the written notice, Brooks will
have the opportunity to present the PRI board with proposed revised terms of the
merger. The PRI board will consider in good faith any such revised terms and
take them into account before determining to approve or recommend the third
party's proposal. PRI also agrees to negotiate with Brooks with respect to the
terms and conditions of the Brooks counterproposal for a reasonable period of
time, and to accept the Brooks counterproposal if the terms and conditions of
the Brooks counterproposal are no less favorable than the terms and conditions
of the third party's proposal.

     If, after determining that any revised proposal of Brooks is less favorable
than the terms of the superior proposal, the PRI board elects to recommend the
approval or adoption of a superior proposal, PRI must still use its best efforts
to hold a stockholders meeting to vote on the proposed merger with Brooks.
However, if the PRI board makes this recommendation and, as a result, Brooks
terminates the merger agreement, PRI must pay Brooks the $14.0 million
termination fee plus expenses, which are discussed below under "The Merger
Agreement -- Fees and Expenses."

FEES AND EXPENSES

     Whether or not the merger is completed, Brooks and PRI will each pay its
own costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement. Brooks
and PRI will, however, split equally the fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the filing, printing and mailing of the registration statement
and this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including SEC filing fees.

     Brooks and PRI have agreed that PRI will pay Brooks a $14.0 million
termination fee plus the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of Brooks incurred
since October 1, 2001, in connection with this transaction if:

     - all three of the following occur: (i) any third party makes a takeover
       proposal to PRI or its stockholders; (ii) either party subsequently
       terminates the merger agreement because PRI's stockholders fail to
       approve the merger; and (iii) within 12 months after the termination of
       the merger agreement, PRI enters into or completes an acquisition
       transaction with the third party associated with the takeover proposal;

     - all three of the following occur: (i) any third party makes a takeover
       proposal to PRI or its stockholders; (ii) Brooks subsequently terminates
       the merger agreement because PRI has breached or failed to perform in any
       material respect any of its covenants or other agreements in the merger
       agreement (and such breach or failure is not cured with 45 days of
       written notice from Brooks); and (iii) within 12 months after the
       termination of the merger agreement, PRI enters into or completes another
       acquisition transaction with the third party associated with the takeover
       proposal;

     - all three of the following occur: (i) PRI materially breaches its
       non-solicitation covenant; (ii) the breach is not cured within 24 hours
       after certain PRI executive employees learn of the breach; and (iii)
       Brooks subsequently terminates the merger agreement because of such
       breach; or

     - Brooks terminates the agreement because any of the following occur: (i)
       PRI, the PRI board of directors or a committee thereof has recommended to
       the PRI stockholders a takeover proposal by a third party, (ii) PRI, the
       PRI board of directors or a committee thereof withdraws, or amends or
       modifies in a manner adverse to Brooks, its recommendation to the PRI
       stockholders of the merger agreement or the merger, (iii) PRI fails to
       include its recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger in the
       joint proxy statement/prospectus or registration statement, or (iv) a
       tender or exchange offer relating to 15% or more of the shares of PRI
       common stock is commenced by a third party, and PRI does not publish,
       send or give its stockholders, within ten business days after such tender
       or exchange offer is first published, a statement recommending the
       rejection of the tender offer or exchange offer.

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

  PREPARATION OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS;
STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS

     - Brooks and PRI have agreed to jointly prepare and file with the SEC a
       registration statement under the Securities Act (of which this joint
       proxy statement/prospectus is a part) for the purpose of soliciting
       proxies from Brooks stockholders and from PRI stockholders in favor of
       the approval of the merger;

     - Brooks and PRI have agreed to mail this joint proxy statement/prospectus
       to their respective stockholders as promptly as practicable after the
       registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC;

     - Brooks and PRI have each agreed to call and convene a stockholders
       meeting, as promptly as practicable after the registration statement is
       declared effective. Both parties agreed to use their best efforts to have
       their stockholders meetings on the same day; and

     - Brooks has agreed to submit a proposal to its stockholders at its
       stockholders meeting to change the name of the company to "Brooks-PRI
       Automation, Inc.," and agreed to use its best efforts to solicit proxies
       from the Brooks stockholders in favor of such name change.

  ACCESS TO INFORMATION; CONFIDENTIALITY

     Brooks and PRI have agreed to permit representatives of the other party to
have reasonable access to all their properties, books, contracts, commitments,
personnel and records, and to keep confidential any information or documents
obtained from the other party, except as provided in the merger agreement.

  BEST EFFORTS

     Each of Brooks and PRI has agreed to use best efforts to take all actions
necessary or advisable under applicable law to complete the merger as soon as
practicable, including but not limited to:

     - preparing and filing all necessary applications, notices and filings with
       governmental entities in order to obtain any necessary approvals or
       waivers; and

     - obtaining all consents, approvals or waivers from governmental
       authorities and certain third parties.

  TAKEOVER STATUTES

     If any "fair price," "moratorium," "control share acquisition" or other
similar antitakeover statute or regulation is or may become applicable to the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the
voting agreements, Brooks and PRI have agreed that their respective boards of
directors will grant any approvals and take all actions legally permissible so
that these transactions may be promptly consummated on the terms contemplated by
such agreement.

  INDEMNIFICATION, EXCULPATION AND INSURANCE

     - Brooks has agreed to maintain the rights to indemnification, exculpation
       from liabilities and reimbursement of expenses for acts or omissions
       occurring at or prior to the merger now existing in favor of the current
       or former directors or officers of PRI and its subsidiaries.

     - Brooks has agreed that persons who become directors or officers of Brooks
       pursuant to the merger agreement or the merger will be entitled to the
       same indemnity, exculpation and reimbursement of expenses as those
       afforded to the directors and officers of Brooks immediately before the
       merger.

  PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS

     Brooks and PRI have agreed to consult with one another and use their
reasonable efforts to agree upon the text of any press release or public
statement relating to the merger or required by any governmental entity or
regulatory body.

  NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET LISTING OF BROOKS COMMON STOCK

     Brooks has agreed to prepare and submit to the Nasdaq National Market a
listing application with respect to the shares of Brooks common stock to be
issued in connection with the merger and to use best efforts to obtain approval
for the listing of those shares of Brooks common stock on the Nasdaq National
Market.

  TAX TREATMENT

     Brooks and PRI have agreed to use best efforts to cause the mergers to
qualify as a reorganization under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code and
have agreed to use best efforts to avoid taking any action that would cause the
mergers to fail to qualify as a reorganization.

  BENEFIT PLANS

     Brooks has agreed:

     - to take all reasonable steps so that employees of PRI and its
       subsidiaries will be entitled to participate in each Brooks employee
       benefit plan to the same extent as similarly situated employees of Brooks
       and its subsidiaries;

     - that for purposes of determining eligibility and vesting, Brooks will
       take into account the services of PRI employees to the same extent as
       such services were credited for such purposes by PRI; and

     - to honor all benefit obligations of, and contractual rights of, current
       and former employees of PRI existing as of the merger, as well as all
       employment or severance agreements, plans or policies of PRI.

     If employees of PRI or its subsidiaries become eligible to participate in a
medical, dental or vision plan of Brooks, Brooks agrees to cause such plan to:

     - waive any preexisting condition limitations to the extent such conditions
       are covered under the applicable medical, dental or vision benefits plans
       of Brooks;

     - honor under such plans any deductible, co-payment and out-of-pocket
       expenses incurred by the employees and their beneficiaries during the
       portion of the calendar year prior to such participation; and

     - waive any waiting period limitation or evidence of insurability
       requirement that would otherwise be applicable to such employee on or
       after the merger to the extent such employee had satisfied any similar
       limitation or requirement under a similar employee benefit plan sponsored
       by PRI or its subsidiaries prior to the merger.

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     The obligations of Brooks and PRI to complete the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of various conditions on or before the date on which the
merger is completed, and include, in addition to other customary closing
conditions, the following:

     - PRI stockholders shall have approved the merger and adoption of the
       merger agreement;

     - Brooks stockholders shall have approved the merger and adoption of the
       merger agreement;

     - the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act shall have expired or
       been terminated;

     - governmental and regulatory authorities shall have issued all other
       approvals necessary to complete the transactions without conditions that
       would be materially adverse to Brooks' or PRI's businesses, financial
       condition or results of operations, unless the failure to obtain the
       approvals would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
       effect on the business, financial condition or the results of operations
       of Brooks or PRI;

     - no court shall have issued an order and no law shall have been enacted
       that prevents the completion of the merger or makes the completion of the
       merger illegal;

     - the registration statement on Form S-4 registering the shares of Brooks
       common stock to be issued in the merger shall have become effective, and
       no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement
       shall be in effect or initiated, and to the parties' knowledge, all
       necessary approvals or permits under state securities or "blue sky" laws
       shall have been obtained;

     - the shares of Brooks common stock issuable in connection with the merger
       shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market,
       subject to official notice of issuance;

     - the Toronto Stock Exchange shall have confirmed the continued listing of
       the PRI Canada exchangeable shares and any necessary regulatory approvals
       shall have been obtained;

     - Brooks shall have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 to register
       the issuance of shares of Brooks common stock to the holders of the PRI
       Canada exchangeable shares upon the exchange of such exchangeable shares
       for Brooks common stock, and such Form S-3 shall be effective, and no
       stop order suspending the effectiveness shall be in effect or initiated;

     - Brooks and PRI each shall have received an opinion from their respective
       tax counsel to the effect that the merger will constitute a
       "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal
       Revenue Code;

     - the representations and warranties made by the other party in the merger
       agreement shall be true and correct, except to the extent that the
       failure to be true and correct shall not have, and shall not be likely to
       have, a material adverse effect on the other party;

     - the other party shall have performed in all material respects all
       obligations required to be performed by it under the merger agreement on
       or before the date of the completion of the merger; and

     - there shall not have been any material adverse change relating to the
       other party.

     Neither Brooks nor PRI may rely on the failure of any of the foregoing
conditions if such failure was caused by such party's failure to use best
efforts to consummate the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The merger agreement may be terminated by mutual written consent of Brooks
and PRI. It may also be terminated:

     - by either Brooks or PRI, if the merger is not completed on or before July
       31, 2002. However, neither party may terminate the merger agreement if
       such party's failure to fulfill any of its obligations under the merger
       agreement is the cause of the merger not being completed by this date.
       Also, either party may extend the merger agreement by not more than 30
       days if the merger is not completed as a direct result of either party's
       failure to receive all regulatory approvals required with respect to the
       merger;

     - by either Brooks or PRI, if PRI stockholders fail to approve and adopt
       the merger agreement;

     - by either Brooks or PRI, if Brooks stockholders fail to approve and adopt
       the merger agreement;

     - by either Brooks or PRI, if a court or governmental entity issues a
       final, non-appealable order that makes the merger illegal or permanently
       prohibits the completion of the merger, but only if the party seeking to
       terminate the merger agreement has used best efforts to have the court
       order vacated;

     - by either Brooks or PRI, if (i) there has been a material breach by the
       other party of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
       contained in the merger agreement, (ii) the breach would result in the
       failure to satisfy one or more of the conditions to the merger, and (iii)
       the breach is incapable of being cured or, if capable of being cured, has
       not been cured within 45 days after written notice was received by the
       party alleged to be in breach;

     - by Brooks, if (i) PRI, the PRI board of directors or any committee
       thereof recommends to the PRI stockholders a takeover proposal by a third
       party; (ii) PRI, the PRI board of directors or any committee thereof
       withdraws or adversely amends or modifies its recommendation that the PRI
       stockholders vote in favor of approval and adoption of the merger
       agreement; (iii) PRI shall have failed to include its recommendation of
       the merger agreement and the merger in the joint proxy
       statement/prospectus or registration statement; or (iv) a tender or
       exchange offer relating to 15% or more of the shares of PRI common stock
       is commenced by a third party, and PRI does not publish, send or give its
       stockholders, within ten business days after such tender or exchange
       offer is first published, a statement recommending the rejection of the
       tender offer or exchange offer; or

     - by PRI, if (i) Brooks, the Brooks board of directors or any committee
       thereof shall have amended or modified in a manner adverse to PRI its
       recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger, or (ii) Brooks
       shall have failed to include its recommendation of the merger agreement
       and the merger in the joint proxy statement/prospectus or registration
       statement.

AMENDMENTS

     Brooks and PRI may amend the merger agreement at any time before or after
receiving approval of the Brooks or PRI stockholders of the matters contemplated
by the merger agreement. After receiving these approvals, Brooks and PRI may not
make any amendment that, by law or in accordance with the rules of any relevant
stock exchange, requires further approval by the Brooks stockholders or the PRI
stockholders without first obtaining such additional approval.

WAIVER AND EXTENSION

     Either party may waive any obligation of the other party under the merger
agreement or give the other party additional time to comply with the obligation.
Any waiver or extension must be in writing and must be signed by the party
giving the waiver or extension.

                               RELATED AGREEMENTS

VOTING AGREEMENTS

     The following summary of the voting agreements is qualified by reference to
the complete text of the voting agreements, the forms of which are attached as
Appendixes C and D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You are encouraged
to read the forms of voting agreements in their entirety.

  BROOKS VOTING AGREEMENTS

     As an inducement to PRI to enter into the merger agreement, on October 23,
2001, the directors and executive officers of Brooks listed below entered into
voting agreements with PRI under which they agreed, among other things, to vote
all of the shares of Brooks common stock owned or acquired by them upon the
exercise of any options or otherwise (i) in favor of the merger agreement and
the merger, and (ii) against other corporate actions the consummation of which
would frustrate the purposes, or prevent or delay the consummation, of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Each person also agreed
generally not to grant any proxies or transfer their shares of Brooks common
stock during the term of the voting agreement, except that they may assign or
transfer shares for estate planning or charitable purposes if the recipient of
the shares agrees to be bound by the voting agreement. These directors and
executive officers of Brooks did not receive any additional consideration for
signing these voting agreements.

                                                              SHARES OF BROOKS
STOCKHOLDER                                                     COMMON STOCK
- -----------                                                   ----------------

Robert J. Therrien..........................................     1,013,848
Michael W. Pippins..........................................        40,115
Roger D. Emerick............................................         9,000
Ellen B. Richstone..........................................         8,567
Lynda M. Avallone...........................................         7,158
Steven E. Hebert............................................         3,070
Charles M. McKenna..........................................           561
Jeffrey A. Cassis...........................................           205
Amin J. Khoury..............................................            --
Juergen Giessmann...........................................            --
Joseph R. Martin............................................            --
                                                                 ---------
     Total..................................................     1,082,524

     As part of the voting agreements, each person listed above granted an
irrevocable proxy to PRI to vote the shares of Brooks common stock owned or
acquired by them in accordance with their voting agreements. As of December 7,
2001, the directors and executive officers of Brooks listed above owned a total
of 1,082,524 shares of Brooks common stock, representing approximately 5.4% of
the shares of Brooks common stock outstanding on that date. The voting
agreements and proxies expire on the earlier of the effective time of the merger
or the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms.

  PRI VOTING AGREEMENTS

     As an inducement to Brooks to enter into the merger agreement, on October
23, 2001, the directors and executive officers of PRI listed below entered into
voting agreements with Brooks under which they agreed, among other things, to
vote all of the shares of PRI common stock owned or acquired by them upon the
exercise of any options or otherwise (i) in favor of the merger agreement and
the merger, and (ii) against any other acquisition proposal. Each person also
agreed generally not to grant any proxies or transfer their shares of PRI common
stock during the term of the voting agreement, except that they may assign or
transfer shares for estate planning or charitable purposes if the recipient of
the shares agrees to

be bound by the voting agreement. Mordechai Weisler's voting agreement also
permits him to transfer up to 75,000 shares to a charitable organization
recognized by the Internal Revenue Service without obtaining a voting agreement
from that organization. These directors and executive officers of PRI did not
receive any additional consideration for signing these voting agreements.

                                                              SHARES OF PRI
STOCKHOLDER                                                   COMMON STOCK
- -----------                                                   -------------

Mordechai Wiesler...........................................      518,777
Amram Rasiel................................................      476,210
Mitchell G. Tyson...........................................      176,042
Alexander V. d'Arbeloff.....................................       64,767
Boruch B. Frusztajer........................................       30,000
Cosmo S. Trapani............................................        1,810
Kenneth M. Thompson.........................................           --
                                                                ---------
     Total..................................................    1,267,606

     As part of the voting agreements, each person listed above granted an
irrevocable proxy to Brooks to vote the shares of PRI common stock owned by them
in accordance with the voting agreements. As of December 7, 2001, the directors
and executive officers of PRI listed above owned a total of 1,267,606 shares of
PRI common stock, representing approximately 4.9% of the shares of PRI common
stock outstanding on that date. The voting agreements and proxies expire on the
earlier of the effective time of the merger or the termination of the merger
agreement in accordance with its terms.

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH MITCHELL G. TYSON

     Simultaneously with the execution of the merger agreement, Mitchell G.
Tyson, PRI's president and chief executive officer, signed an employment
agreement with Brooks and PRI. The agreement will become effective upon the
closing of the merger and will replace his existing employment agreement with
PRI. Following the merger, Brooks will employ Mr. Tyson as special assistant to
the chief executive officer of Brooks. The employment agreement has a term of
six months commencing on the closing of the merger.

     Under the employment agreement, Brooks will pay Mr. Tyson a base salary of
$182,000 for the six month term. In addition, Brooks will pay Mr. Tyson a
retention bonus of $364,000 if he remains employed by Brooks through the full
term of the employment agreement or if the employment agreement is terminated
due to Mr. Tyson's death or disability. The agreement also provides that Mr.
Tyson is entitled to receive the benefits that Brooks generally provides to
other employees of similar status and compensation.

     The agreement provides that, for a period of two years after the date on
which his employment is terminated for any reason, Mr. Tyson will not compete
with Brooks, directly or indirectly, whether as an employee, owner, partner,
shareholder, investor, or otherwise. During this same period, Mr. Tyson agrees
that he will not knowingly interfere with any of Brooks' business relationships
and will assist Brooks in enforcing its ownership of and rights to certain
intellectual property. In consideration for Mr. Tyson's agreement to these
provisions, during the two years after the date on which his employment is
terminated, Brooks will pay Mr. Tyson $546,000 each year, and he will be
eligible to participate in all insurance and other benefit programs for
employees of Brooks on the same basis as other employees of similar status and
compensation.

     The agreement also provides that, upon the closing of the merger, the
vesting of all options previously granted by PRI to Mr. Tyson will accelerate so
that they will be exercisable in full, and all such options will be exercisable
until the earlier of the original expiration date of the option or three years
after the closing.

     If any payment or benefit received by Mr. Tyson becomes subject to any
excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, Brooks will pay
Mr. Tyson an amount equal to that excise tax.

     The agreement provides that Mr. Tyson's employment will terminate or may be
terminated as follows:

     - upon Mr. Tyson's death;

     - by Brooks, if the board of directors of Brooks determines in good faith
       that Mr. Tyson suffers a disability, which is physical or mental illness
       that prevents him from performing his duties as a full-time employee of
       Brooks and, at least 26 weeks after its commencement, such inability is
       determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by Brooks
       and acceptable to Mr. Tyson;

     - by Brooks for cause; and

     - voluntarily by Mr. Tyson, at any time upon 30 days' written notice to
       Brooks.

     The agreement also provides that Mr. Tyson will maintain in confidence any
proprietary or confidential information, trade secrets or know-how belonging to
Brooks.

     Under the agreement, Brooks will indemnify Mr. Tyson to the fullest extent
permitted by law and Brooks' certificate of incorporation and bylaws against all
liabilities and costs resulting from any claim that relates to Mr. Tyson's
performance of his duties under the agreement.

     Mr. Tyson's employment agreement supersedes his retention agreement with
PRI, and he is not entitled to any of the severance payments or benefits set
forth in his retention agreement.

              COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

     The Brooks common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "BRKS" since 1995. The PRI common stock has traded on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol "PRIA" since 1994. The following table provides the high
and low closing sales prices reported on the Nasdaq National Market for the
Brooks common stock and the PRI common stock for the periods indicated. The
prices shown do not include retail markups, markdowns or commissions.

                                                BROOKS COMMON STOCK     PRI COMMON STOCK
                                                --------------------    ----------------
                                                 HIGH          LOW       HIGH      LOW
                                                -------      -------    ------    ------

Fiscal year ended September 30, 2000
  First quarter...............................  $34.25       $16.69     $67.13    $34.00
  Second quarter..............................  $83.25       $29.75      87.63     59.06
  Third quarter...............................  $91.88       $37.00      79.88     45.06
  Fourth quarter..............................  $69.38       $29.63      71.44     18.25
Fiscal year ended September 30, 2001
  First quarter...............................  $31.25       $20.25     $25.94    $14.63
  Second quarter..............................  $44.39       $27.56      32.50     16.50
  Third quarter...............................  $62.61       $35.45      21.20     13.75
  Fourth quarter..............................  $52.25       $26.59      18.42     10.02
Fiscal year ending September 30, 2002
  First quarter (through December 18, 2001)...  $43.24       $25.22     $22.04    $ 9.09

     As of December 7, 2001, there were approximately 360 record holders of
Brooks common stock, and approximately 401 record holders of PRI common stock.
Other than dividends paid by one of Brooks' subsidiaries prior to Brooks'
acquisition of that subsidiary, neither Brooks nor PRI has ever paid cash
dividends on its common stock. Brooks and PRI intend to retain any earnings to
support the development of their respective businesses, and neither anticipates
paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Following completion of the
merger, the Brooks common stock will continue to be listed on the Nasdaq
National Market, and there will be no further market for the PRI common stock.

     The following table provides the closing sale prices of Brooks common stock
and PRI common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market and the estimated
equivalent per share price, as explained below, of PRI common stock on October
23, 2001, the last full trading day before the public announcement of the
proposed merger, and on           2002, the latest practicable date before the
mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                              BROOKS          PRI        EQUIVALENT PRI PER
                                           COMMON STOCK   COMMON STOCK      SHARE PRICE
                                           ------------   ------------   ------------------

October 23, 2001.........................     $33.11         $12.54            $17.22
          , 2002.........................

     The equivalent per share price of PRI common stock equals the exchange
ratio of 0.52 multiplied by the price of a share of Brooks common stock. If the
merger had occurred on           2002, each holder of PRI common stock would
have received 0.52 shares of Brooks common stock worth $          for each share
of PRI common stock such holder owned on that date. The actual equivalent per
share price of PRI common stock that each holder of PRI common stock will
receive if the merger is completed may be different from this price because the
per share price of Brooks common stock on the Nasdaq National Market fluctuates
continuously. We urge you to obtain current market quotations for Brooks common
stock and PRI common stock. We cannot give you any assurances as to the future
prices or markets for Brooks common stock or PRI common stock.

                            BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     On October 23, 2001, Brooks and PRI entered into the merger agreement.
Pursuant to the merger agreement and subject to its terms and conditions, PRI
common stockholders will receive 0.52 shares of Brooks common stock for each
share of PRI common stock.

     The merger, which is expected to close in the first calendar quarter of
2002, is contingent upon the fulfillment of specified conditions, including all
required regulatory approvals, the approval of the merger by the stockholders of
PRI and the approval of the issuance of Brooks common stock in connection with
the merger by the stockholders of Brooks. The merger will be accounted for as a
purchase of assets.

     On October 5, 2001, Brooks acquired substantially all of the assets of
General Precision, Inc., or GPI, in exchange for 850,000 shares of Brooks common
stock, with a market value of approximately $25 million at the time of issuance,
subject to post-closing adjustments. GPI, located in Valencia, California, is a
supplier of high-end environmental solutions for the semiconductor industry. The
transaction will be accounted for as a purchase of assets.

     The following tables show summary unaudited pro forma financial information
as if Brooks, GPI and PRI had been combined as of the beginning of the period
for statement of operations purposes and as of September 30, 2001 for balance
sheet purposes.

     The unaudited pro forma combined financial information is based on
estimates and assumptions, which are preliminary and have been made solely for
purposes of developing such pro forma information. The estimated pro forma
adjustments arising from the acquisitions of PRI and GPI are derived from the
estimates of purchase price paid and estimated fair values of the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed. The final determination of purchase price,
fair value and resulting goodwill may differ significantly from that reflected
in the pro forma statement of operations and balance sheet. The pro forma
information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the operating results or financial position that would have
occurred if each transaction had been consummated as of October 1, 2000 or
September 30, 2001, respectively, nor is it necessarily indicative of future
operating results or financial position. The unaudited pro forma combined
financial information should be read in conjunction with the historical
consolidated financial statements of Brooks and PRI and related notes thereto,
and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" of Brooks and PRI contained in their respective annual reports and
quarterly reports, and other information Brooks and PRI have filed with the SEC,
and the audited financial statements of GPI included in Brooks' current report
on Form 8-K/A filed December 7, 2001.

     The fiscal year end of GPI was December 31. The pro forma statement of
operations for the year ended September 30, 2001 includes the unaudited results
for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000 and the first,
second and third quarters of fiscal 2001 of GPI. The balance sheet of GPI as of
September 30, 2001 is derived from the unaudited financial statements of GPI as
of September 30, 2001.

                            BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET

                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                                GPI              PRI
                                                                            ACQUISITION      ACQUISITION
                                    HISTORICAL   HISTORICAL   HISTORICAL     PRO FORMA        PRO FORMA      PRO FORMA
                                    BROOKS(A)       GPI         PRI(B)     ADJUSTMENTS(1)   ADJUSTMENTS(2)    COMBINED
                                    ----------   ----------   ----------   --------------   --------------   ----------

ASSETS
Current assets
  Cash and equivalents............   $160,239      $   --      $ 58,968       $    --          $     --      $  219,207
  Marketable securities...........     43,593          --            --            --                --          43,593
  Accounts receivable, net........     93,565       1,794        31,561            --                --         126,920
  Inventories.....................     49,295       3,899        90,038            --            (2,750)        140,482
  Prepaid expenses and other
    current assets................      9,836          46        10,580            --                --          20,462
  Deferred income taxes...........     26,608          --            --            --            33,777(9)       60,385
                                     --------      ------      --------       -------          --------      ----------
    Total current assets..........    383,136       5,739       191,147            --            31,027         611,049
Fixed assets, net.................     66,459       1,572        18,489            --            (3,200)         83,320
Intangible assets, net............     40,788          --         2,039         9,445           223,824         276,096
Goodwill, net.....................     60,128          --         1,393         9,445           232,872         303,838
Long-term marketable securities...    125,887          --            --            --                --         125,887
Deferred income taxes.............     19,280          --            --            --            49,277(9)       68,557
Other assets......................      8,153           8         5,887          (310)               --          13,738
                                     --------      ------      --------       -------          --------      ----------
    Total assets..................   $703,831      $7,319      $218,955       $18,580          $533,800      $1,482,485
                                     ========      ======      ========       =======          ========      ==========
LIABILITIES, MINORITY INTERESTS
  AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities
  Notes payable...................   $ 17,122      $   --      $     --       $    --          $     --      $   17,122
  Current portion of long-term
    debt..........................        392         102            --            --                --             494
  Accounts payable................     18,595         357        15,662            --                --          34,614
  Accrued expenses and other
    current liabilities...........     58,991         236        98,783           190            32,546         190,746
                                     --------      ------      --------       -------          --------      ----------
    Total current liabilities.....     95,100         695       114,445           190            32,546         242,976
Long-term debt....................    175,031          14            --            --                --         175,045
Deferred income taxes.............      6,546          --            --            --            90,363(9)       96,909
Other long-term liabilities.......      2,223          --           753            --               546           3,522
                                     --------      ------      --------       -------          --------      ----------
  Total liabilities...............    278,900         709       115,198           190           123,455         518,452
                                     --------      ------      --------       -------          --------      ----------
Minority interests................        762          --            --            --                --             762
                                     --------      ------      --------       -------          --------      ----------
Stockholders' equity
  Common stock....................        189          --           256             9              (123)            331
  Additional paid-in capital......    471,991          --       260,135        24,991           265,779       1,022,896
  Accumulated other comprehensive
    income (loss).................     (2,586)         --        (7,445)           --             7,445          (2,586)
  Deferred compensation...........         (5)         --            --            --           (11,945)        (11,950)
  Retained earnings (accumulated
    deficit)......................    (45,420)      6,610      (149,189)       (6,610)          149,189         (45,420)
                                     --------      ------      --------       -------          --------      ----------
    Total stockholders' equity....    424,169       6,610       103,757        18,390           410,345         963,271
                                     --------      ------      --------       -------          --------      ----------
    Total liabilities, minority
      interests and stockholders'
      equity......................   $703,831      $7,319      $218,955       $18,580          $533,800      $1,482,485
                                     ========      ======      ========       =======          ========      ==========

    See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Statements
- ---------------
(A) As reported in Brooks' annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2001 as filed
    with the SEC.

(B) As reported in PRI's annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2001 as filed
    with the SEC.

                            BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                          GPI              PRI
                                                                      ACQUISITION      ACQUISITION
                               HISTORICAL   HISTORICAL   HISTORICAL    PRO FORMA        PRO FORMA        PRO FORMA
                               BROOKS(A)       GPI         PRI(B)     ADJUSTMENTS      ADJUSTMENTS       COMBINED
                               ----------   ----------   ----------   -----------      -----------       ---------

Revenues.....................   $381,716     $15,507      $268,558      $    --         $     --         $ 665,781
Cost of revenues.............    229,332       8,816       233,228           --              770(6)        472,146
                                --------     -------      --------      -------         --------         ---------
  Gross profit...............    152,384       6,691        35,330           --             (770)          193,635
                                --------     -------      --------      -------         --------         ---------
Operating expenses
  Research and development...     60,868          --        62,175           --              323(6),(7)    123,366
  Selling, general and
    administrative...........     95,919       5,223        50,373           --            2,004(6),(8)    153,519
  Amortization of acquired
    intangible assets........     30,187          --            --        3,148(3)        75,288(3)        108,623
  Acquisition-related,
    restructuring and other
    costs....................      9,314          --        17,340           --               --            26,654
                                --------     -------      --------      -------         --------         ---------
    Total operating
      expenses...............    196,288       5,223       129,888        3,148           77,615           412,162
                                --------     -------      --------      -------         --------         ---------
Income (loss) from
  operations.................    (43,904)      1,468       (94,558)      (3,148)         (78,385)         (218,527)
  Interest (income) expense,
    net......................     (8,471)       (153)       (3,349)          --               --           (11,973)
  Other (income) expense,
    net......................      1,090          --            (4)          --               --             1,086
                                --------     -------      --------      -------         --------         ---------
Income (loss) before income
  taxes and minority
  interests..................    (36,523)      1,621       (91,205)      (3,148)         (78,385)         (207,640)
Income tax provision
  (benefit)..................     (6,439)         42         2,091         (699)(4),(5)   (36,541)(8),(9)   (41,546)
                                --------     -------      --------      -------         --------         ---------
Income (loss) before minority
  interests..................    (30,084)      1,579       (93,296)      (2,449)         (41,844)         (166,094)
Minority interests in loss of
  consolidated subsidiary....       (424)         --            --           --               --              (424)
                                --------     -------      --------      -------         --------         ---------
Income (loss) from continuing
  operations.................   $(29,660)    $ 1,579      $(93,296)     $(2,449)        $(41,844)        $(165,670)
                                ========     =======      ========      =======         ========         =========
Loss per share from
  continuing operations:
  Basic......................   $  (1.65)                                                                $   (5.15)
  Diluted....................   $  (1.65)                                                                $   (5.15)
Shares used to compute loss
  per share from continuing
  operations:
  Basic......................     18,015                                    850           13,309            32,174
  Diluted....................     18,015                                    850           13,309            32,174

    See Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Statements
- ---------------
(A) As reported in Brooks' annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2001 as filed
    with the SEC.

(B) As reported in PRI's annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2001 as filed
    with the SEC.

                            BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                              FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) To record the purchase accounting of the assets acquired and the liabilities
    assumed of GPI. In consideration for the acquisition of GPI, Brooks issued
    850,000 shares of its common stock, valued at $25,000,000 at the acquisition
    date, subject to adjustment pending the completion of a post-closing review
    of the purchased assets and assumed liabilities. Additionally, Brooks
    accrued an additional $190,000 for transaction fees, which is in addition to
    the $310,000 already incurred by Brooks at September 30, 2001.

    A summary of the transaction is as follows (in thousands):

Consideration:
  Stock.....................................................    $25,000
  Transaction costs.........................................        500
                                                                -------
     Total consideration....................................     25,500
Net tangible assets acquired................................      6,610
                                                                -------
Excess of purchase price over net tangible assets
  acquired..................................................    $18,890
                                                                =======
Preliminary allocation of excess of purchase price over net
  tangible assets acquired:
  Identifiable intangible assets............................    $ 9,445
  Goodwill..................................................      9,445
                                                                -------
  Excess of purchase price over net tangible assets
     acquired...............................................    $18,890
                                                                =======

(2) To record the purchase accounting of the assets to be acquired and the
    liabilities to be assumed of PRI, subject to adjustment pending the
    completion of a post-closing review of the purchased assets and assumed
    liabilities. The pro forma information assumes that Brooks will issue
    13,308,531 shares of its common stock as the consideration for the
    acquisition of PRI, based upon the outstanding shares of PRI common stock at
    September 30, 2001 at a conversion rate of 0.52 shares of Brooks common
    stock per share of PRI common stock and will exchange PRI stock options for
    Brooks stock options at the same conversion rate. The fair value of Brooks
    common stock per share was calculated as $33.60, which represents the
    average closing price for two days before, the day of, and two days after
    the announcement of the merger on October 24, 2001. Brooks has calculated
    the fair value of the options to be exchanged to be $78,907,000 at the
    acquisition announcement date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model,
    a fair value of Brooks common stock of $33.60 per share, volatility of 100%,
    an expected option life of four years, zero dividends and a risk free rate
    of return of 3.58%. The fair value of these options will be recorded as
    additional purchase price. The intrinsic value of the unvested options
    exchanged has been estimated at $11,945,000 and will be recorded as deferred
    compensation. The deferred compensation will be recognized over the
    remaining vesting period of the options. Additionally, Brooks accrued $12.3
    million for transaction fees.

    A summary of the transaction is as follows (in thousands):

Estimated consideration:
  Stock.....................................................  $447,140
  Stock options.............................................    78,907
  Transaction costs.........................................    12,300
                                                              --------
     Total estimated consideration..........................   538,347
                                                              --------
Net tangible assets acquired................................   100,325
                                                              --------

Estimated acquisition adjustments:
  Deferred income taxes, net................................     7,309
  Deferred compensation.....................................   (11,945)
  Workforce reductions......................................     7,700
  Non-competition agreement.................................     1,092
  Duplicate facilities and fixed assets.....................    14,200
  Duplicate inventory and inventory purchase commitments....     3,750
                                                              --------
     Total estimated acquisition adjustments................    22,106
                                                              --------
  Excess of purchase price over net tangible assets
     acquired...............................................  $460,128
                                                              ========
Allocation of excess of purchase price over net tangible
  assets acquired:
  Identifiable intangible assets............................  $225,863
  Goodwill..................................................   234,265
                                                              --------
  Excess of purchase price over net tangible assets
     acquired...............................................  $460,128
                                                              ========

(3) To record amortization expense for the identifiable intangible assets.
    Finalization of the allocation of the purchase price to tangible and
    identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed will be made
    after analyses of their fair values. Brooks' preliminary assessment is that
    the weighted average useful life of the acquired identifiable intangible
    assets will be three years. The acquired identifiable intangible assets will
    be amortized using the straight-line method. A change in the allocation
    between the acquired identifiable intangible assets and goodwill of
    $1,000,000 would result in a change in pro forma annual amortization expense
    of approximately $333,000. An increase in the weighted average useful life
    of the acquired identifiable intangible assets from three years to four
    years would result in a decrease in pro forma annual amortization expense of
    approximately $19,609,000. A decrease in the weighted average useful life of
    the acquired identifiable intangible assets from three years to two years
    would result in an increase in pro forma annual amortization expense of
    approximately $39,219,000.

(4) To adjust the income tax expense recorded by GPI in its historical
    statements of operations to reflect the 43.0% tax rate applicable to a
    subsidiary of Brooks operating in California. This adjustment results in
    additional pro forma tax expense of $655,000 for the year ended September
    30, 2001.

(5) To record the income tax effect of the pro forma adjustment to amortization
    of acquired intangible assets. This adjustment was recorded at 43.0%, and
    results in a reduction of pro forma tax expense by $1,354,000 for the year
    ended September 30, 2001.

(6) To record amortization of deferred compensation arising from the proposed
    acquisition. Incremental pro forma compensation expense of $770,000,
    $875,000, and $1,856,000 was recorded to cost of revenues, research and
    development, and selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively.

(7) To reverse amortization expense related to intangible assets of PRI existing
    prior to the proposed acquisition. Amortization expense of $552,000 in the
    year ended September 30, 2001 was reversed from research and development
    expense.

(8) To record additional pro forma compensation expense of $148,000 and related
    income tax benefit of $59,000, calculated at the applicable tax rate of 40%,
    related to the terms of the employment agreement between Brooks and its
    president, Robert J. Therrien. This salary increase is effective upon
    completion of the merger of Brooks with PRI.

(9) To record temporary tax differences arising on acquisition of PRI and to
    record the pro forma benefit of taxable losses of $36,482,000 which would
    have been capitalized if the acquisition had occurred on October 1, 2000.
    Adjustments were recorded utilizing the Brooks applicable tax rate of 40%.

                        COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

     This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes some of the
differences between the rights of holders of PRI common stock and the rights of
holders of Brooks common stock. This section does not include a complete
description of all differences among the rights of these stockholders, nor does
it include a complete description of the specific rights of these stockholders.
In addition, the identification of some differences in the rights of these
stockholders as material is not intended to indicate that other differences that
are equally important or that you deem important do not exist. Therefore, this
summary is qualified by reference to PRI's charter and bylaws, Brooks' charter
and bylaws, and the relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law
and the Massachusetts Business Corporation Law. You should carefully read this
entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and any other documents to which we
refer for a more complete understanding of the differences between being a
stockholder of PRI and being a stockholder of Brooks.

     PRI's stockholders' rights are presently governed by Massachusetts law and
PRI's charter and bylaws. Upon completion of the merger, the stockholders of PRI
will become stockholders of Brooks, and, as a result, their rights will be
governed by Delaware law and Brooks' charter and bylaws.

SIZE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     In accordance with Massachusetts law, PRI's bylaws provide that PRI's board
of directors must consist of at least three individuals, except when there are
only two stockholders, in which case the number of directors must be no less
than two, and when there is only one stockholder, in which case the board of
directors must consist of at least one director. Currently, PRI has six
directors. Delaware law requires that a corporation's board of directors consist
of at least one member. Brooks' bylaws allow the board of directors serving
during any given year to fix the number of directors that will serve the
corporation the following year. Brooks currently has five directors.

LOANS TO OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES

     Under Massachusetts law, unless a majority of the directors who are not
direct or indirect recipients of a loan approves or ratifies the making of that
loan as one that is reasonably expected to benefit the corporation, then the
officers who participate in, and the directors who vote for that loan are
jointly and severally liable to the corporation for any portion of that loan
that is not repaid. The PRI charter generally allows any director or officer to
enter into any contract of any kind with PRI regardless of whether the director
or officer derives personal profits or otherwise benefits from the contract.
Under Delaware law, a corporation may make loans to, guarantee the obligations
of, or otherwise assist its officers or other employees and those of its
subsidiaries (including directors who are also officers or employees) when the
action, in the judgment of the directors, may reasonably be expected to benefit
the corporation. The Brooks bylaws generally allow any director or officer to
enter into any contract of any kind with Brooks, regardless of whether the
director or officer derives personal profits or otherwise benefits from the
contract.

POWER TO CALL SPECIAL STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS; ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER
BUSINESS AND NOMINEES

     In accordance with Massachusetts law and PRI's bylaws, a special meeting of
PRI stockholders may be called by the president, the board of directors, or the
chairman of the board, or upon written application of one or more stockholders
who hold at least 40% of the capital stock entitled to vote at a meeting. Under
Delaware law, a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the board of
directors or by any other person authorized to do so in the charter or the
bylaws. Brooks' bylaws provide that the president or the board of directors may
call a special meeting of the Brooks stockholders at any time. Brooks'
stockholders may not, however, call a special meeting of the stockholders.

STOCKHOLDER VOTING

     In accordance with Massachusetts law, PRI's bylaws allow for one vote for
each share of stock and a proportional vote for each fractional share. PRI may
not, directly or indirectly, vote any shares of its own capital stock. Under
Brooks' bylaws, when a quorum is present, most actions of the stockholders are

determined by a majority of the stock present in person or represented by proxy.
Any election of directors by stockholders is authorized by a plurality of the
votes cast by the stockholders present or represented by proxy. Under Delaware
law, class voting is generally not required. The Brooks charter, however,
provides that any vote required by the stockholders pursuant to Delaware law,
other than the election of directors, will be effective if recommended by a
majority of the "continuing directors," as defined in the Brooks charter, and
approved by the vote of a majority of each class of stock outstanding and
entitled to vote thereon. If any vote is not recommended by a majority of the
continuing directors, then the vote of 80% of each class of stock outstanding
and entitled to vote thereon is required for the vote to be effective. Under
Brooks' charter a "continuing director" is:

     - a director who is not an affiliate of any "related person" or who was a
       director before that related person became a related person;

     - any successor to a continuing director who is unaffiliated with any
       related person and is recommended by a majority of the continuing
       directors; or

     - any new director who is designated as a continuing director by a majority
       of the continuing directors.

     In general, Brooks' charter defines "related person" to mean any individual
or group, other than individuals who were stockholders of Brooks on November 14,
1994, that acquires beneficial ownership of 5% or more of Brooks' stock entitled
to vote in the election of directors.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under Section 76 of the Massachusetts Business Corporation Law, a
stockholder of a Massachusetts corporation who complies with the statutorily
prescribed procedures is entitled to payment for his or her stock in the event
that the corporation sells, leases or exchanges all or substantially all of its
property and assets, adopts any amendment of its charter that adversely affects
the rights of such stockholder, or merges with another corporation or
corporations in a transaction requiring the approval of its stockholders. Unlike
Delaware law, Massachusetts law provides this right even when the corporation
has a class of stock listed on a national securities exchange or held by more
than 2,000 holders of record.

     Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides for appraisal
rights only in the case of a statutory merger or consolidation of the
corporation where the approval of the transaction by the stockholders is
required under Delaware law and the petitioning stockholder does not consent to
the transaction. There are no appraisal rights, unless otherwise provided for in
a corporation's charter, for shares of stock listed on a national securities
exchange or designated as a national market system security on an interdealer
quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., or for
shares of stock held by more than 2,000 holders of record, unless such
stockholders would be required to accept anything other than shares of stock of
the surviving corporation or shares of another corporation so listed or held by
such number of holders of record. The Brooks charter does not provide for
appraisal rights.

STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL OF CERTAIN BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

     Massachusetts has adopted a "control share" statute (Chapter 110D of the
Massachusetts General Laws) under which a person who acquires voting stock of a
Massachusetts corporation that results in such person's voting power exceeding
one of three specified thresholds loses the right to vote such stock beyond that
threshold unless the holders of a majority of the voting stock of the
corporation, excluding the interested stockholder, vote to reinstate the
stockholder's voting rights. PRI has opted out of the control share statute and
therefore it has no current effect on PRI.

     Massachusetts also has adopted a "business combination" statute (Chapter
110F of the Massachusetts General Laws). In general, unless a corporation opts
out by amending its charter or bylaws, this statute prohibits a publicly held
Massachusetts corporation with sufficient ties to Massachusetts from engaging in

a "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a period of three
years after the date of the transaction in which the person becomes an
interested stockholder, unless:

     - prior to the date on which such stockholder becomes an interested
       stockholder, the board of directors approves either the business
       combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming
       an interested stockholder;

     - the interested stockholder owns 90% or more of the corporation's
       outstanding voting stock upon completion of the transaction which made
       him an interested stockholder, excluding shares held by certain
       affiliates of the corporation and shares owned by employee stock options
       plans in which the participants cannot determine confidentially whether
       or not the shares would be tendered in response to a tender or an
       exchange offer; or

     - on or after the date such person becomes an interested stockholder, the
       business combination is approved by both the board of directors and
       two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, excluding
       shares held by the interested stockholder.

     An "interested stockholder" is a person who, together with affiliates and
associates, owns, or at any time within the prior three years did own, 5% or
more of the corporation's voting stock. A "business combination" is a merger,
stock sale, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to
the stockholder. PRI has not opted out of Chapter 110F, although it could do so
at any time by a vote of the holders of a majority of its voting stock. Such an
amendment would not be effective for twelve months and would not apply to a
business combination with any person who became an interested stockholder on or
prior to the date of the amendment.

     Delaware also has adopted a "business combination" statute. Under this
statute, a Delaware corporation is generally prohibited from engaging in a
business combination with an "interested stockholder" for a three year period
following the time when the stockholder became an interested stockholder,
unless:

     - the board of directors approved that transaction before the stockholder
       became an interested stockholder;

     - upon becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned
       at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation; or

     - the board of directors and the holders of at least two-thirds of the
       outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder
       vote to approve the transaction at a meeting and not by written consent.

     Except as specified by law, an "interested stockholder" is defined to
include any person that is:

     - the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
       corporation;

     - an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15% or
       more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time
       within three years immediately prior to the relevant date; or

     - an affiliate or associate of any such person.

REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS BY STOCKHOLDERS

     In accordance with Massachusetts law, PRI's bylaws provide that the
stockholders may remove any director with or without cause by vote of the
holders of the majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of
directors. PRI's bylaws further provide that the directors may, by a vote of the
majority of directors then in office, remove any director for cause. Removal of
a director for cause by the board or by stockholders may occur only after the
director has been given reasonable notice and an opportunity to be heard before
the board of directors.

     Under Delaware law, directors may be removed with or without cause by the
holders of a majority of shares entitled to vote in the election of directors,
with exceptions for a classified board of directors or where cumulative voting
is allowed, and unless the charter provides otherwise. The Brooks bylaws provide

that a director may be removed from office by (i) vote of 80% of the voting
stock outstanding, or (ii) vote of a majority of the directors then in office,
and in each instance, only for cause and after reasonable notice and opportunity
to be heard before the body proposing to remove that director. Brooks does not
have a classified board of directors and does not allow cumulative voting.

FILLING VACANCIES ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     Under Massachusetts law, the filling of vacancies occurs in the manner
prescribed by the bylaws or, in the absence of a bylaw, then by vote of the
directors. PRI's bylaws state that any vacancy may be filled by the vote of a
majority of the directors then in office, or by a plurality vote of the
stockholders at a meeting called for that purpose.

     In accordance with Delaware law, Brooks' bylaws provide that any vacancy on
the board of directors shall be filled by a majority vote of the directors then
in office.

PREFERRED STOCK

     PRI's charter authorizes its board of directors to issue, without
stockholder approval, up to 400,000 shares of PRI preferred stock. PRI has
designated 10,000 shares of preferred stock as class one participating
cumulative preferred stock, 250,000 shares of preferred stock as Series A
participating cumulative preferred stock and one share of preferred stock as
special voting preferred stock. Currently, only the one share of special voting
preferred stock is issued and outstanding. The Brooks charter authorizes its
board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, up to 1,000,000
shares of Brooks preferred stock. Brooks has designated 21,500 shares of
preferred stock as Series A junior participating preferred stock. None of the
Brooks preferred stock is issued and outstanding. Both PRI's and Brooks' board
of directors may, subject to applicable law and the rules of the Nasdaq Stock
Market, authorize the issuance of preferred stock at such time, and for such
purposes, and for such consideration, as they deem advisable without stockholder
approval. The ability of PRI and Brooks to issue shares of preferred stock up to
the amounts prescribed in their respective charters could have an antitakeover
effect.

INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

     Massachusetts law allows a corporation to include in its charter a
provision that limits or eliminates the personal liability of directors to the
corporation and its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director. Massachusetts law does not, however, permit a corporation to
limit or eliminate the personal liability of a director for (i) any breach of
the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) acts
or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (iii) payment of dividends or stock repurchase or
redemption, except a distribution of stock of the corporation, in violation of
the corporation's charter, (iv) any loans to any officer or director of the
corporation or (v) any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. PRI's charter limits its directors' liability to the fullest
extent permitted by Massachusetts law.

     Massachusetts law provides that indemnification of directors, officers,
employees and other agents of a corporation, and persons who serve at its
request as directors, officers, employees and other agents of another
organization, or who serve at its request in any capacity with respect to an
employee benefit plan, may be provided by a corporation to whatever extent
specified in or authorized by (i) its charter, (ii) a bylaw adopted by its
stockholders, or (iii) a vote adopted by the holders of a majority of its shares
of stock entitled to vote on the election of directors. PRI's charter provides
that PRI will indemnify its directors and its officers elected or appointed by
its board of directors or stockholders, as well as persons serving at the
request of PRI's board of directors as directors, officers, employees or agents
of other enterprises, to the fullest extent permitted by Massachusetts law,
against expenses, liabilities and losses reasonably incurred or suffered and
arising out of proceedings brought or threatened against them, by reason of
their status as directors, officers, employees or agents.

     Delaware law allows a corporation to include in its charter a provision
that limits or eliminates the personal liability of directors to the corporation
and its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a
director. Delaware law does not, however, permit a corporation to limit or
eliminate the personal liability of a director for (i) any breach of the
director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law, (iii) intentional or negligent payment of unlawful dividends
or stock repurchase or redemption, or (iv) any transaction from which the
director derived an improper personal benefit. Brooks' charter limits its
directors' liability to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law.

     Delaware law also provides that a corporation may indemnify any of its
directors, officers, employees and agents party to any action, suit or
proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the corporation by, among other things, a majority vote
consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding,
provided that such officer or director acted in good faith and in a manner he or
she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation. Brooks' charter and bylaws provide for indemnification of
directors, officers, employees and agents of Brooks to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law.

INSPECTION RIGHTS

     Under Massachusetts law, a corporation's stockholders have the right for a
proper purpose to inspect the corporation's charter, bylaws, records of all
meetings of incorporators and stockholders, and stock and transfer records,
including the stockholder list. In addition, stockholders of a Massachusetts
corporation have a qualified right under certain circumstances to inspect other
books and records of the corporation.

     Delaware law requires corporations to afford their stockholders more
extensive inspection rights than those provided under Massachusetts law. Under
Delaware law, stockholders demonstrating a proper purpose have the right to
inspect a corporation's stock ledger, stockholder list, and other books and
records.

DIVIDENDS AND REPURCHASE OF SHARES

     Under Massachusetts law, a corporation may pay dividends or repurchase its
own stock so long as the action is not taken when the corporation is insolvent,
does not render the corporation insolvent and does not violate the corporation's
charter. The PRI bylaws grant the board of directors the power, subject to the
Massachusetts Business Corporation Law and the PRI charter, to declare and pay
dividends on the shares of capital stock of PRI, which dividends may be paid
either in cash, securities of PRI or other property. Each share of PRI common
stock also carries with it an associated preferred stock purchase right
exercisable upon the occurrence of certain events.

     Delaware law permits a corporation to declare and pay dividends out of
surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in
which the dividend is declared and/or for the preceding fiscal year as long as
the amount of capital of the corporation following the declaration and payment
of the dividend is not less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented
by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the
distribution of assets. In addition, Delaware law generally provides that a
corporation may redeem or repurchase its shares only if such redemption or
repurchase would not impair the capital of the corporation. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a Delaware corporation may redeem or repurchase shares having a
preference upon the distribution of any of its assets (or shares of common
stock, if there are no such shares of preferred stock) if such shares will be
retired upon acquisition (and provided that, after the reduction in capital made
in connection with such retirement of shares, the corporation's remaining assets
are sufficient to pay any debts for which no other provisions have been made).
The Brooks bylaws grant the board of directors the power, subject to Delaware
law and the Brooks charter, to declare dividends and pay such dividends from
Brooks' surplus and net profits for the current or preceding fiscal year, or as
otherwise permitted by law. Furthermore, the Brooks bylaws state that dividends
shall be payable upon such dates as the board of directors may designate. The
Brooks charter states that holders of each class of stock will share equally in
all dividends and distributions, without regard to class.

STOCKHOLDER VOTING ON MERGERS AND SIMILAR TRANSACTIONS

     In the event of a merger, Massachusetts law provides that two-thirds of the
shares of each class of stock of the corporation, or, if the charter provides, a
lesser proportion but not less than a majority of each class of stock of the
corporation, are necessary for the approval of a merger. The PRI charter
provides that a majority vote of each class is sufficient to approve a merger.

     Under Delaware law, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding
shares is generally required to authorize or approve any agreement providing for
a merger or consolidation. According to the Brooks charter, any stockholder vote
that is not recommended by a majority of the continuing directors, as defined in
the Brooks charter, must be approved by 80% of each class of capital stock
outstanding and entitled to vote thereon.

INTERESTED DIRECTOR TRANSACTIONS

     Under Massachusetts law, an interested transaction will be upheld in the
absence of fraud. The transaction must be both fair to the corporation and
entered into in good faith in order to be binding on the corporation. The PRI
bylaws allow PRI to enter into contracts with affiliated persons, such as
directors and officers. Absent fraud, no such contract will be invalidated if
the material facts regarding the person's relationship were disclosed to the
board of directors that authorized the contract.

     Under Delaware law, certain contracts or transactions in which one or more
of a corporation's directors has an interest are not void or voidable because of
that interest, as long as the transaction meets specified conditions, such as
obtaining the required approval and fulfilling the requirements of good faith
and full disclosure. Furthermore, Delaware law states that a contract or
transaction with an interested director will not be void or voidable if the
stockholders or disinterested directors approve the contract or transaction
after the material facts regarding the director's relationship or interest and
regarding the contract or transaction are disclosed, or if the contract or
transaction is fair to the corporation at the time it is approved. Furthermore,
Delaware law provides that if board approval is sought, the contract or
transaction must be approved by a majority of the disinterested directors even
if they comprise less than a quorum of the corporation's board of directors.

     The Brooks bylaws allow any director or officer to enter into any contract
of any kind with Brooks regardless of whether the director or officer derives
personal profits or otherwise benefits from the contract provided that:

     - the material facts regarding the interest are disclosed or known to the
       board or committee of directors thereof that authorizes the contract or
       agreement;

     - the material facts regarding the person's relationship or interest are
       disclosed or known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the
       contract is specifically approved in good faith by a vote of the
       stockholders; or

     - the contract or agreement is fair to the corporation at the time it is
       authorized, approved, or ratified by the board of directors, a committee
       thereof, or the stockholders.

     Any director of the corporation that is interested in any transaction may
still be counted in determining the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the
board of directors.

DISSOLUTION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS

     Under Massachusetts law, dissolution may be authorized either by the vote
of two-thirds of each class of a corporation's stock outstanding and entitled to
vote thereon or by compliance with the provisions of its charter. PRI's charter
provides that dissolution may be authorized by the vote of two-thirds of each
class of its outstanding stock. Under Delaware law, if a dissolution is
initially approved by a majority of the board of directors, then it must be
approved by a majority of the corporation's outstanding shares of capital stock
entitled to vote. However, if a majority of the board of directors does not
approve the proposal to dissolve, then the dissolution must be approved by the
written consent of all stockholders.

AMENDMENT OF CHARTER DOCUMENTS

     Massachusetts law generally provides that a corporation's charter may be
amended by a vote of two-thirds of each class of stock outstanding and entitled
to vote, or if the charter so provides, by a vote of a lesser proportion but not
less than a majority of each class of stock outstanding and entitled to vote.
PRI's charter states that the board of directors is authorized to make, amend,
or repeal the bylaws in whole or in part, except the portions of the bylaws
relating to stockholder meetings, the board of directors, officers, and
amendments to the bylaws, which may only be amended with the affirmative vote of
the holders of 80% or more of the stock entitled to vote in an election of
directors. PRI's charter prohibits the amendment of its provision relating to
the amendment of PRI's bylaws without the affirmative vote of the holders of 80%
or more of the stock entitled to vote in an election of directors. PRI's bylaws
provide that except as otherwise provided in the PRI charter, the bylaws may be
amended by an affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of
each class of capital stock outstanding and entitled to vote.

     The Brooks charter provides that Brooks reserves the right to amend or
repeal any provision in the Brooks charter in the manner prescribed by Delaware
law. The Broo