URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/851968/000093176302000098/0000931763-02-000098.txt

		STREET 2:		PO BOX 12069
		CITY:			CALHOUN
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7066297721

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 12069
		CITY:			CALHOUN
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30703

S-4/A

ds4a.txt

FORM S-4,  AMENDMENT #1

   As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2002

                                                   Registration No. 333-74806

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C. 20549

                               -----------------

                                Amendment No. 1

                                      to

                                   FORM S-4

                         REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
                          THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                               -----------------

                            MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC.
            (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

           Delaware                         2273                          52-1604305
(State or Other Jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
Incorporation or Organization)  Classification Code Number)

                          160 S. Industrial Boulevard
                            Calhoun, Georgia 30703
                                (706) 629-7721

  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                   Registrant's principal executive offices)

                             Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
                     President and Chief Executive Officer
                          160 S. Industrial Boulevard
                            Calhoun, Georgia 30703
                                (706) 629-7721

(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)

                                with copies to:

               Alexander W. Patterson           Mark Early
                   Bryan E. Davis         Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
                  Alston & Bird LLP      3700 Trammell Crow Center
                 One Atlantic Center         2001 Ross Avenue
             1201 West Peachtree Street     Dallas, Texas 75201
                                              (214) 220-7700
             Atlanta, Georgia 30309-3424
                   (404) 881-7000

                               -----------------

   Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale of securities to the
public:  As soon as practicable after the merger described in this Registration
Statement becomes effective.

   If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]

   If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the offering. [_]

   If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the offering. [_]

   The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective time until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration
Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a),
shall determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The information in this joint proxy statement-prospectus is not complete and
may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This
joint proxy statement-prospectus is not an offer to sell securities and it is
not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or
sale is not permitted.

           Preliminary--Subject to Completion Dated January 17, 2002

[LOGO]
MOHAWK
INDUSTRIES, INC.
                                    DAL-TILE INTERNATIONAL INC.

PROPOSED MERGER--YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Stockholders:

   On November 19, 2001, Mohawk Industries, Inc. agreed to acquire Dal-Tile
International Inc. by merging Dal-Tile into a wholly owned subsidiary of
Mohawk. In the merger, each Dal-Tile stockholder, other than those perfecting
appraisal rights, will receive, for each share of Dal-Tile common stock that
the stockholder owns, $11 in cash and between .2213 and .2716 of a share of
Mohawk common stock, depending on the average closing price for Mohawk common
stock over a twenty trading day period ending three trading days prior to the
merger. If we completed the merger on the date of this letter, the average
closing price would be $   and Dal-Tile stockholders would receive    of a
share of Mohawk common stock for each share of Dal-Tile common stock that they
own. We intend for the merger to qualify as a tax-free reorganization in which
case Dal-Tile stockholders would generally not recognize gain or loss for U.S.
federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger, except to the extent of
cash received in the merger.

   The merger requires the approval of Dal-Tile stockholders. The issuance of
shares of Mohawk common stock in the merger requires the approval of Mohawk
stockholders. Mohawk and Dal-Tile have each scheduled special meetings of their
stockholders on        , 2002, to vote on these matters. Regardless of the
number of shares that you own or whether you plan to attend a meeting, it is
important that your shares be represented and voted. Voting instructions are
inside.

   Mohawk's board of directors has unanimously approved and adopted the merger
agreement and determined that the merger agreement and the merger are
advisable, fair to and in the best interest of Mohawk and its stockholders.
Accordingly, Mohawk's board of directors recommends that Mohawk stockholders
vote to approve the issuance of Mohawk common stock in the merger.

   Similarly, Dal-Tile's board of directors has unanimously approved and
adopted the merger agreement and determined that the merger agreement and the
merger are advisable, fair to and in the best interest of Dal-Tile and its
stockholders. Accordingly, Dal-Tile's board of directors recommends that
Dal-Tile stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement.

   This document provides you with detailed information about the proposed
merger. We encourage you to read the entire document carefully.

   Mohawk's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "MHK."

   Dal-Tile's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "DTL."

   See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 13 of this document for a discussion of
some of the risks relevant to the merger.

              Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum     Jacques R. Sardas
              President and Chief       President, Chief
                Executive Officer       Executive Officer and
              Mohawk Industries, Inc.   Chairman ofthe Board of
                                        Directors
                                        Dal-Tile International
                                        Inc.

     Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or
  disapproved of the shares of Mohawk common stock to be issued in the merger
  or determined if this joint proxy statement-prospectus is accurate or
  complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

This document is dated        , 2002 and was first mailed to stockholders on or
                              about       , 2002.

                     How to Obtain Additional Information

   This joint proxy statement-prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Mohawk and Dal-Tile that is not included in or
delivered with this document. This information is available to you without
charge upon your written or oral request. You can obtain free copies of this
information by requesting it in writing or by telephone from the appropriate
company at the following addresses and telephone numbers:

               Mohawk Industries, Inc.   Dal-Tile International
                Attn: Jerry L. Melton             Inc.
                  160 S. Industrial        Attn: Mark A. Solls
                      Boulevard             7834 Hawn Freeway
               Calhoun, Georgia 30703      Dallas, Texas 75217
                   (706) 629-7721            (214) 398-1411

   In order to obtain timely delivery of any documents that you request, you
must request the information by         , 2002.

   See "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 69.

                            Mohawk Industries, Inc.

                        -------------------------------
                   Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders
                            To Be Held       , 2002
                        -------------------------------

To the stockholders of Mohawk:

   We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Mohawk Industries, Inc.
for the following purposes:

    .  to consider and vote on the issuance of Mohawk common stock in the
       merger contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
       November 19, 2001, as amended, by and among Mohawk, Maverick Merger Sub,
       Inc. and Dal-Tile International Inc., as it may be further amended from
       time to time;

    .  to consider and vote on any motion submitted to a vote of the
       stockholders to adjourn or postpone the special meeting to another time
       and place for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies; and

    .  to transact other business as may be incident to the conduct of the
       special meeting or any adjournments or postponement thereof.

   The special meeting will be held at         a.m. on         , 2002 at     .

   Only stockholders of record at the close of business on           , 2002 are
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any adjournments
or postponements of the special meeting. Mohawk will keep a list of
stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting available for inspection
at its offices in Calhoun, Georgia, for any purpose germane to the special
meeting, during ordinary business hours, during the ten day period before the
special meeting. The list of stockholders will also be provided and kept at the
time and place of the special meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be
inspected by any stockholder who is present.

   You are urged to read this document carefully. Furthermore, your proxy is
important to assure a quorum at the special meeting. The affirmative vote of a
majority of the shares in attendance at the special meeting is necessary to
approve the issuance of Mohawk common stock in the merger. Whether or not you
expect to attend the special meeting, please vote in any one of the following
ways:

    .  use the toll-free telephone number shown on the voting instructions;
    .  use the Internet website shown on the voting instructions; or
    .  mark, sign, date and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the
       postage paid envelope. It requires no postage if mailed in the United
       States.

   All shares represented by properly executed proxies will be voted in
accordance with the specifications on the proxy card. If no such specifications
are made, proxies will be voted FOR issuance of Mohawk common stock in the
merger and in favor of any motion to adjourn the special meeting to solicit
additional proxies.

   If you attend the special meeting, you may vote in person if you wish, even
though you have previously returned your proxy or submitted your vote using the
telephone or the Internet. Action may be taken on the share issuance proposal
at the special meeting on the date specified above or on any dates to which the
special meeting may be adjourned or postponed.
                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          Jerry L. Melton
                                          Secretary
Calhoun, Georgia
        , 2002

                          Dal-Tile International Inc.

                        -------------------------------
                   Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders
                         to be Held             , 2002
                        -------------------------------

To the stockholders of Dal-Tile:

   We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Dal-Tile International
Inc. of the will be:

    .  to to and vote upon a proposal to approve the adoption of the Agreement
       and Plan of Merger, dated November 19, 2001, as amended, among Mohawk
       Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Maverick Merger Sub, Inc., a
       Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Mohawk, and
       Dal-Tile, as it may be further amended from time to time, and approve
       the transactions contemplated thereby. The merger agreement is attached
       to this document as Annex A;

    .  to consider and vote on any motion submitted to a vote of the
       stockholders to adjourn or postpone the special meeting to another time
       and place for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies; and

    .  to transact other business as may be incident to the conduct of the
       special meeting or any adjournments or postponements thereof.

   The special meeting will be held at       a.m., on       , 2002 at         .

   Only stockholders of record at the close of business on     , 2002 are
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any adjournments
or postponements of the special meeting. Dal-Tile will keep a list of
stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting available for inspection
at its offices in Dallas, Texas, for any purpose germane to the special
meeting, during ordinary business hours, during the ten day period before the
special meeting. The list of stockholders will also be provided and kept at the
time and place of the special meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be
inspected by any stockholder who is present.

   Your vote is important. Adoption of the merger agreement will require the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding
shares of Dal-Tile common stock.

   All shares represented by properly executed proxies will be voted in
accordance with the specifications on the proxy card. If no such specifications
are made, proxies will be voted FOR adoption of the merger agreement and in
favor of any motion to adjourn the special meeting to solicit additional
proxies.

   Under Delaware law, stockholders of Dal-Tile are entitled to appraisal
rights under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
Delaware if the conditions set forth in Section 262 are satisfied. In order to
exercise your appraisal rights, you must not vote in favor of adoption of the
merger agreement and you must strictly comply with the procedures established
by Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,
otherwise you will lose your appraisal rights. The appraisal rights procedures
are described in this document, and a copy of Section 262 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law is attached as Annex F. See "The Merger--Appraisal
Rights."

   You are urged to read this document carefully. It is very important that
your shares be represented at the special meeting. Whether or not you can
attend the special meeting please vote in one of the following ways:

    .  use the toll-free telephone number shown on the voting instructions;

    .  use the Internet website shown on the voting instructions; or

    .  complete, sign, date and mail the enclosed proxy card promptly so that
       it will be received no later than         , 2002.

   If you attend the special meeting, you may vote in person if you wish, even
though you have previously returned your proxy or submitted your vote using the
telephone or the Internet. Action may be taken on the merger proposal at the
special meeting on the date specified above or on any dates to which the
special meeting may be adjourned or postponed.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          Mark A. Solls
                                          Secretary

Dallas, Texas
        , 2002

                               

                                                                         Page
  -                                                                      ----

  QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER................................  ii

  SUMMARY...............................................................   1

  RISK FACTORS..........................................................  13

  THE SPECIAL MEETINGS..................................................  16

  THE MERGER............................................................  20

  INFORMATION ABOUT MOHAWK..............................................  59

  INFORMATION ABOUT DAL-TILE............................................  60

  DESCRIPTION OF MOHAWK CAPITAL STOCK...................................  60

  EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS........................  61

  COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS...............................  68

  BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOLLOWING THE MERGER...............................  68

  STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS.................................................  69

  EXPERTS...............................................................  69

  OPINIONS..............................................................  69

  WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION...................................  69

  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS............................................  71

  UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION.........................................................  72

  ANNEX A--AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER BY AND AMONG MOHAWK INDUSTRIES,
    INC., MAVERICK MERGER SUB, INC., AND DAL-TILE INTERNATIONAL INC., AS
    AMENDED............................................................. A-1

  ANNEX B--FORM OF DAL-TILE INTERNATIONAL INC. VOTING AGREEMENT......... B-1

  ANNEX C--VOTING AGREEMENT OF ALADDIN PARTNERS, L.P.................... C-1

  ANNEX D--OPINION OF WACHOVIA SECURITIES............................... D-1

  ANNEX E--OPINION OF CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON CORPORATION............ E-1

  ANNEX F--SECTION 262 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW.......... F-1

                                      i

                    QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: Why are Mohawk and Dal-Tile proposing the merger?

A: Mohawk and Dal-Tile are proposing the merger because they believe it will
   create one of the world's leading manufacturers and distributors of all
   types of floorcoverings. The merger will combine Mohawk's strong position as
   a manufacturer and distributor of all types of carpets and rugs with
   Dal-Tile's strong position as a manufacturer and distributor of ceramic tile
   and natural stone. By combining these two businesses, Mohawk and Dal-Tile
   hope to create stronger operating and financial results than either company
   could achieve on its own. The Dal-Tile board of directors also believes that
   the merger offers Dal-Tile stockholders an attractive premium for their
   shares while enabling them to participate in the future growth potential of
   the combined company.

Q: What will Dal-Tile stockholders receive in the merger?

A: Each share of Dal-Tile common stock will be converted into the right to
   receive $11 in cash and between .2213 and .2716 of a share of Mohawk common
   stock, depending on what we refer to as the "exchange ratio," which is
   determined based on the average closing price for Mohawk common stock during
   a twenty day trading period ending three trading days before completion of
   the merger. Collectively, the Dal-Tile stockholders will receive in the
   merger between 12,412,274 and 18,401,198 shares of Mohawk common stock, or
   between approximately 19% and 26% of the outstanding Mohawk common stock
   immediately following the merger, depending on the exchange ratio and the
   number of Dal-Tile options that are exercised prior to completion of the
   merger.

Q: Is the merger taxable?

A: Mohawk and Dal-Tile intend for the merger to qualify as a tax-free
   reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code. If the merger qualifies as a
   tax-free reorganization, Dal-Tile stockholders will only recognize gain (but
   not loss) for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the lesser of (1)
   the amount of cash a Dal-Tile stockholder receives in the merger, or (2) an
   amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the amount of cash
   such stockholder receives in the merger over (b) the tax basis of such
   stockholder's Dal-Tile common stock exchanged therefor.

   The completion of the merger is conditioned on receipt of a tax opinion from
   each party's respective counsel that the merger qualifies as a tax-free
   reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code. The receipt of the tax
   opinions is conditioned on, among other things, the value of the Mohawk
   common stock to be received by Dal-Tile stockholders in the merger being 40%
   or more of the value of the combined merger consideration at the time the
   merger is completed. If this condition is not met, then Dal-Tile may or may
   not elect to complete the merger as a taxable transaction. Based on various
   assumptions set forth in the discussion of the tax consequences of the
   merger set forth under "Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
   Merger" on page 49 if the price per share of Mohawk common stock declines to
   $27.00 or less, the value of the Mohawk common stock in the merger will not
   be 40% or more of the value of the combined merger consideration.

                                      ii

Q: Am I entitled to appraisal rights?

A: If you are a Dal-Tile stockholder, under Delaware law, you may dissent from
   the merger and exercise appraisal rights.

   If you are a Mohawk stockholder, you will not have appraisal rights in
connection with the merger.

Q: What do I need to do now?

A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
   joint proxy statement-prospectus, please complete, sign and date your proxy
   card or voting instructions and return it in the enclosed postage paid
   envelope, or, if you are a holder of record, submit your voting instructions
   by telephone or through the Internet, at the phone number or Internet
   address listed on page 18 of the joint proxy statement-prospectus as soon as
   possible so that your shares may be represented at your special meeting. If
   your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm or bank, you will
   receive instructions on how to vote from your brokerage firm or bank.

Q: What if I don't vote?

A: If you are a Dal-Tile stockholder and fail to respond, it will have the same
   effect as a vote against the merger. If you are a Mohawk stockholder and
   fail to respond, assuming a quorum is present at the special meeting, your
   failure to respond will have no effect on the approval of the issuance of
   Mohawk shares in the merger. If you respond and do not indicate how you want
   to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote in favor of the merger or the
   issuance of Mohawk shares. If you respond and abstain from voting, your
   proxy will have the same effect as a vote against the merger or the issuance
   of Mohawk shares.

Q: Can I change my vote after I have delivered my proxy?

A: Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at your
   special meeting. Regardless of the manner in which you vote, you can change
   your vote in one of three ways. First, you can revoke your proxy or voting
   instructions. Second, you can submit a new proxy or voting instructions. If
   you choose either of these two methods, you must submit your notice of
   revocation or your new proxy or voting instructions to the secretary of
   either Mohawk or Dal-Tile, as appropriate, before your special meeting by
   mail or by calling the phone number or accessing the Internet address listed
   on page 18 of this joint proxy statement-prospectus. Third, if you are a
   holder of record, you can attend your special meeting and vote in person. If
   your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm or bank, you should
   contact your brokerage firm or bank to change your vote.

Q: When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A: We are working to complete the merger as quickly as possible. We expect to
   complete the merger during the first quarter of 2002.

Q: Is Mohawk's obligation to complete the merger subject to Mohawk receiving
   financing?

A: No. Although Mohawk has received a commitment letter from several financial
   institutions to provide financing for the merger, Mohawk must complete the
   merger regardless of whether it receives financing.

                                      iii

Q: Who can help answer my questions?

A: If you have any questions about the merger or how to submit your proxy, or
   if you need additional copies of this joint proxy statement-prospectus or
   the enclosed proxy card or voting instructions, you should contact:

If you are a Dal-Tile     If you are a Mohawk
stockholder:              stockholder:

Dal-Tile International    Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Inc.                      Attn: Jerry L. Melton
Attn: Mark A. Solls       160 S. Industrial
7834 Hawn Freeway         Boulevard
Dallas, Texas 75217       Calhoun, Georgia 30703
(214) 398-1411            (706) 629-7721

Stockholders of both companies may also receive information from our proxy
                                  solicitor:

                           GeorgesonShareholder
                           17 State Street
                           10th Floor
                           New York, New York 10004
                           Toll-Free: (800) 223-2064

                                      iv

                                    SUMMARY

   This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement-prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should carefully read this entire document and the other
documents we refer to in this document. These documents will give you a more
complete description of the transaction we are proposing. For more information
about Dal-Tile and Mohawk, see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page
69. We have included page references in this summary to direct you to other
places in this joint proxy statement-prospectus where you can find a more
complete description of the topics we have summarized.

The Companies (See page 59 for Mohawk and page 60 for Dal-Tile)

Mohawk Industries, Inc.
160 S. Industrial Boulevard
Calhoun, Georgia 30703
Telephone: (706) 629-7721

   Mohawk is a leading producer of tufted and woven broadloom carpet and rugs
for residential and commercial applications. Mohawk is the second largest
carpet and rug manufacturer in the United States, with net sales of
approximately $3.3 billion in 2000. Mohawk designs, manufactures and markets
carpet and rugs in a broad range of colors, textures and patterns, as well as
carpet padding. Mohawk also distributes hard surface floorcoverings such as
laminate, ceramic tile, vinyl and wood flooring. Mohawk markets its products
primarily through carpet retailers, home centers, mass merchandisers,
department stores, commercial dealers and commercial end users.

Dal-Tile International Inc.
7834 Hawn Freeway
Dallas, Texas 75217
Telephone: (214) 398-1411

   Dal-Tile believes it is the leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor
of ceramic tile in the United States and one of the largest in the world.
Dal-Tile produces a broad line of wall, floor, quarry and mosaic tile products
used in the residential and commercial markets for both new construction and
remodeling. Most of Dal-Tile's products are marketed under its daltile(R) and
American Olean(R) brand names.

The Mohawk Special Meeting (See page 16)

   Mohawk will hold a special meeting for the purpose of its stockholders
approving the issuance of up to 18,401,198 Mohawk shares in the merger. This
special meeting will be held on         , 2002, at                      .

   Mohawk stockholders will be entitled to vote at the Mohawk special meeting
if they owned shares of Mohawk common stock as of   , 2002, the Mohawk record
date. As of     , 2002, there were        shares of Mohawk common stock issued
and outstanding. The presence of a quorum and the affirmative vote of a
majority of the Mohawk common stock present at the Mohawk special meeting is
necessary to approve the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger. Directors and
executive officers of Mohawk and their affiliates held, on       , 2002
approximately   % of the outstanding shares of Mohawk common stock entitled to
vote on the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger.

The Dal-Tile Special Meeting (See page 16)

   Dal-Tile will hold a special meeting for the purpose of its stockholders
considering a proposal to adopt the merger agreement. The Dal-Tile special
meeting will be held on         , 2002 at         .

   Dal-Tile stockholders will be entitled to vote at the Dal-Tile special
meeting if they owned shares of Dal-Tile common stock as of     , 2002, the
Dal-Tile record date. As of     , 2002, there were     shares of Dal-Tile
common stock issued and outstanding. The affirmative vote of a majority of
Dal-Tile common stock issued and outstanding on the Dal-Tile record date is
necessary to adopt the merger agreement. Directors and executive officers of
Dal-Tile and their affiliates held, on       , 2002, approximately   % of the
outstanding shares of Dal-Tile common stock entitled to vote on the adoption of
the merger agreement.

What Dal-Tile Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger (See page 20)

   In the merger, Dal-Tile stockholders will receive $11 in cash and a fraction
of a share of Mohawk common stock for each share of Dal-Tile common stock. The
fractional share of Mohawk common stock will be determined using the exchange
ratio.

   The exchange ratio will be determined based on the average closing price of
Mohawk common stock on the New York Stock Exchange for the twenty trading days
ending on the third trading day prior to the merger. The exchange ratio will be
calculated as follows:

          If the average closing price of Then the exchange ratio will
          Mohawk common stock is:         be:
          ------------------------------- ----------------------------

                greater than $54.67          .2213
                $50.13-$54.67                $12.10 divided by the
                                             average closing price
                $41.00-$50.12                .2414
                $36.45-$40.99                $9.90 divided by the
                                             average closing price
                less than $36.45             .2716

   If the closing date for the merger was       , 2002, the date this joint
proxy statement-prospectus is first being mailed to stockholders, the average
closing price of Mohawk common stock would be $     and the exchange ratio
would be        for each Dal-Tile share.

   The actual average closing price used to determine the exchange ratio, as
well as the exchange ratio itself, may differ from the example above because
the exchange ratio will not be determined until shortly before completion of
the merger. Prior to the stockholder meetings, you may call Georgeson
Shareholder at (800) 223-2064 in order to obtain a more current calculation of
the average closing price and the exchange ratio.

   We anticipate that if approved by the stockholders of both Mohawk and
Dal-Tile, the merger will be completed on or about         .

Comparative Market Prices of Common Stock (See page 68)

   Mohawk common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "MHK." Dal-Tile common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "DTL." The following table shows the closing prices of Mohawk
and Dal-Tile common stock on November 19, 2001, the last trading day before the
merger agreement was announced and       , 2002, the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus. Equivalent price per Dal-Tile share represents the
closing sale price of a share of Mohawk common stock on the indicated date
multiplied by the exchange ratio as if the merger were to close on the
indicated date plus the cash payment of $11.lp10

                                                 Equivalent
                                 Mohawk Dal-Tile Price Per
                                 Common  Common   Dal-Tile
                                 Stock   Stock     Share
                                 ------ -------- ----------

                    November 19,
                      2001...... $51.38  17.60     22.37

                      2002......

   We urge you to obtain current market quotations for Mohawk common stock and
Dal-Tile common stock before making a decision relating to the merger.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (See page 49)

   If, as of the completion of the merger, the value of Mohawk common stock to
be received by Dal-Tile stockholders in the merger is 40% or more of the value
of the merger consideration, then the exchange by you of all of your shares of
Dal-Tile common stock for shares of Mohawk common stock plus cash in the
forward merger will be a tax-free reorganization, and you will only recognize
gain (but not loss) equal to the lesser of (1) the amount of the cash you
receive in the merger, or (2) an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the
sum of the amount of cash you receive in the merger and the fair market value
of the Mohawk common stock you receive in the merger over (b) the tax basis of
your Dal-Tile common stock exchanged therefor.

   If, however, as of the completion of the merger, the aggregate value of the
Mohawk common stock to be received by Dal-Tile stockholders in the merger is
less than 40% of the value of the combined merger consideration, the merger
will not be completed as a

forward merger; Dal-Tile may, however, elect to complete the merger as a
taxable reverse merger. If Dal-Tile elects to complete the merger as a taxable
reverse merger, then instead of the tax consequences described in the preceding
paragraph, you will recognize gain or loss in the merger equal to the
difference, if any, between (1) the sum of the amount of cash and the fair
market value of Mohawk common stock you receive in the merger and (2) the tax
basis in your Dal-Tile common stock exchanged therefor.

   Since the value of Mohawk common stock to be received by Dal-Tile
stockholders at the completion of the merger will not be known at the time that
you vote on the merger, you will not know whether the merger will qualify as a
tax-free reorganization at the time you vote, and accordingly will not know the
tax consequences of the merger to you at such time.

Alternative Merger Structures (See page 20)

   Although Dal-Tile's board of directors would prefer to complete the merger
as a tax-free reorganization, they may elect to complete the merger as a
taxable reverse merger (as discussed above) if they believe the merger is in
the best interest of Dal-Tile stockholders at that time. The forward merger and
the reverse merger materially differ only in their tax consequences to Dal-Tile
stockholders and in whether Merger Sub or Dal-Tile is the surviving corporation
in the merger. Dal-Tile's board of directors does not intend to resolicit
proxies from Dal-Tile stockholders regarding the merger if they decide to
proceed with the taxable reverse merger structure.

Recommendation of the Boards of Directors and Opinions of Financial Advisors
(See page 26)

   To Mohawk Stockholders:  The Mohawk board of directors believes that the
merger is advisable, fair to and in the best interest of Mohawk and its
stockholders and has unanimously voted to approve the merger agreement. The
Mohawk board of directors recommends that you vote FOR the issuance of Mohawk
shares in the merger.

   To Dal-Tile Stockholders:  The Dal-Tile board of directors believes that the
merger is fair to, and in the best interest of Dal-Tile and its stockholders
and has unanimously voted to approve, adopt and declare the advisability of the
merger agreement and the merger. The Dal-Tile board of directors recommends
that you vote FOR the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and
approve the merger.

   Opinion of Mohawk's Financial Advisor:  In deciding to approve the merger
and recommend the issuance of Mohawk shares, the Mohawk board of directors
considered the opinion of its financial advisor, Wachovia Securities, that as
of November 19, 2001, the merger consideration to be paid, together with the
stock option and cash payments to be made to holders of outstanding Dal-Tile
options, by Mohawk in connection with the merger were fair, from a financial
point of view, to Mohawk. Wachovia Securities' opinion is directed to the
Mohawk board of directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder as to how to vote on the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger or
any other matter related thereto. The full text of Wachovia Securities' opinion
is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement-prospectus. Mohawk
stockholders are urged to, and should, read Wachovia Securities' opinion
carefully and in its entirety.

   Opinion of Dal-Tile's Financial Advisor:  In connection with the proposed
merger, Dal-Tile's financial advisor, Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation,
has delivered a written opinion to the Dal-Tile board of directors as to the
fairness to holders of Dal-Tile common stock, from a financial point of view,
of the merger consideration provided for in the merger. The full text of Credit
Suisse First Boston's written opinion, dated November 19, 2001, is attached to
this joint proxy statement-prospectus as Annex E. We encourage you to read this
opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the procedures followed,
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken.
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion is addressed to the Dal-Tile board of
directors and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to any
matter relating to the merger.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger (See page 53)

   Some of the directors and executive officers of Dal-Tile have interests in
the merger that are

different from or in addition to the interests of Dal-Tile stockholders. These
interests include the potential for positions as directors or executive
officers of Mohawk, acceleration of vesting of options as a result of the
merger, partial cash-out and partial conversion of outstanding options,
payments under employment and change-in-control agreements upon the occurrence
of certain events after the merger and the right to continued indemnification
and insurance coverage by Mohawk after the merger.

Appraisal Rights of Dal-Tile Stockholders (See page 55)

   The merger agreement and Delaware law provide that Dal-Tile stockholders may
dissent from the merger and seek to receive fair value for their shares in lieu
of the cash payment and Mohawk common stock to which they would otherwise be
entitled.

   In order to exercise appraisal rights, Dal-Tile stockholders are required to
follow the procedures set forth in Section 262 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, a copy of which is attached as Annex F to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus. Generally, a Dal-Tile stockholder wishing to exercise
appraisal rights must deliver a written demand for appraisal to Dal-Tile, not
vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and hold his shares until the
completion of the merger. Stockholders should carefully review Section 262 for
a more complete discussion of the procedures that they must follow in order to
exercise appraisal rights.

Certain Differences in Stockholders' Rights (See page 61)

   The rights of Mohawk stockholders are governed by Delaware law and by
Mohawk's certificate of incorporation and bylaws. The rights of Dal-Tile
stockholders are also governed by Delaware law, but are subject to Dal-Tile's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Upon completion of the merger, the
rights of both stockholder groups will be governed by Delaware law and Mohawk's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

Regulatory Approval and Other Conditions (See page 42)

   Pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, the merger cannot be completed until Mohawk and Dal-Tile have given
information and materials to the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of
Justice and the required waiting period has expired or been terminated. Mohawk
and Dal-Tile received notice of the early termination of the statutory waiting
period under the HSR Act on December 14, 2001. In addition, Mohawk is required
to provide information and materials to the Mexican Federal Competition
Commission, but prior approval of the commission is not required for completion
of the merger. Mohawk filed preliminary documentation with the Mexican Federal
Competition Commission on December 17, 2001. We expect to obtain all required
regulatory approvals before the special meetings, but we cannot assure this
will happen.

   In addition to the required regulatory approvals, the merger will be
completed only if various conditions, including the following, are met or
waived, if waivable:

   .  Dal-Tile's stockholders approve the adoption of the merger agreement at
the Dal-Tile special meeting;

   .  Mohawk's stockholders approve the issuance of Mohawk shares at the Mohawk
special meeting;

   .  Dal-Tile and Mohawk receive an opinion of their respective counsel that
the exchange of Dal-Tile common stock for Mohawk common stock in the merger
will be tax-free to the Dal-Tile stockholders; provided, that Dal-Tile has the
right to waive this requirement for both parties;

   .  there is no governmental or regulatory action or legislation prohibiting
the merger; and

   .  there must not have been a material adverse effect, as defined in Section
11.1 of the merger agreement attached as Annex A hereto on Mohawk or Dal-Tile.

   In addition to these conditions, the merger agreement, attached to this
joint proxy statement-prospectus as Annex A, describes other conditions that
must be met before the merger may be completed.

Amendment and Termination (See page 44)

   The parties may terminate the merger agreement under several circumstances.
Mohawk and Dal-Tile

may agree to terminate the merger agreement and elect not to complete the
merger at any time before the merger is completed, even if Dal-Tile's and
Mohawk's stockholders have already approved the adoption of the merger
agreement and the issuance of Mohawk shares. Each of the parties also can
terminate the merger agreement under other circumstances, including:

   .  if the merger is not completed by May 31, 2002, subject to extension to
July 31, 2002 if required regulatory approvals have not been received;

   .  if the parties have failed to receive any consent of any regulatory
authority required to complete the merger, or any law or order permanently
prohibiting the merger has become final and nonappealable;

   .  if the stockholders of Dal-Tile fail to approve the adoption of the
merger agreement or the stockholders of Mohawk fail to approve the issuance of
Mohawk shares in the merger at their respective special meetings, subject to
specified limitations contained in the merger agreement; or

   .  if there has been a material adverse effect on the other party as defined
in Section 11.1 of the merger agreement attached as Annex A hereto.

   In addition, Mohawk may terminate the merger agreement if the board of
directors of Dal-Tile fails to reaffirm its recommendation of the merger or
withholds, withdraws or modifies in a manner adverse to the merger its
recommendation of the merger, or proposes to do so.

   Dal-Tile may terminate the merger agreement if the board of directors of
Dal-Tile changes its recommendation in order to accept a superior offer,
provided that Mohawk has not made an offer that is as favorable as the superior
offer within three business days of its receipt of notice that the Dal-Tile
board of directors intends to change its recommendation.

   The merger agreement may be amended by the written agreement of Mohawk and
Dal-Tile. The parties can amend the merger agreement without stockholder
approval, even if you have already approved the merger, except in the limited
circumstances when further stockholder approval is required by law for the
amendment.

Solicitation Prohibitions (See page 47)

   The merger agreement prohibits Dal-Tile from soliciting other acquisition
proposals. Dal-Tile has agreed that it and its subsidiaries would immediately
cease any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any
third parties conducted prior to the date of the merger agreement with respect
to any acquisition proposal. If Dal-Tile receives an unsolicited acquisition
proposal, it must promptly notify Mohawk of the terms of such proposal.
Dal-Tile may respond, in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, to
unsolicited offers that are reasonably likely to result in superior offers.

Termination Fee (See page 52)

   Dal-Tile has agreed to pay Mohawk a termination fee of $45 million if the
merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances and Dal-Tile
enters into an acquisition agreement or closes an acquisition with another
party within twelve months of the termination of the merger agreement or the
Dal-Tile board of directors changes or withdraws its recommendation that
Dal-Tile stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and
Mohawk or Dal-Tile terminates the merger agreement.

   See "The Merger - Expenses and Fees" on page 52 for a more complete
discussion of circumstances under which Dal-Tile would be required pay the
termination fee to Mohawk.

Voting Agreements (See page 57)

   The directors and some of the executive officers of Dal-Tile, including
Dal-Tile's chairman and chief executive officer, Jacques R. Sardas, have
entered into voting agreements with Mohawk where they have agreed to vote those
shares of common stock that they or their affiliates own in favor of the
merger. As of the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, these
stockholders owned approximately 1.9% of Dal-Tile's outstanding common stock.
Each voting agreement also provides that any shares of Dal-Tile common stock
subsequently acquired by these stockholders will also be subject to the voting
agreement. As of the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, these
stockholders hold currently exercisable options to purchase an

additional     shares, or   %, based on the number of shares of Dal-Tile's
currently outstanding common stock.

   Aladdin Partners, L.P., an affiliate of Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum, Mohawk's
president and chief executive officer, has entered into a voting agreement with
Dal-Tile where it has agreed to vote those shares of common stock that it owns
in favor of the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger. As of the date of this
joint proxy statement-prospectus, Aladdin Partners owned approximately 18.8% of
Mohawk's outstanding common stock. Under some circumstances described in the
voting agreement, the number of shares voted by Aladdin Partners could be
reduced to approximately 15.2% of Mohawk's outstanding common stock.

Distribution of Mohawk Stock Certificates and Cash Payment (See page 41)

   Promptly after the merger is completed, each Dal-Tile stockholder will
receive a letter and instructions on how to surrender Dal-Tile stock
certificates in exchange for Mohawk stock certificates and the cash payment.
Each Dal-Tile stockholder will need to carefully review and complete these
materials and return them as instructed along with stock certificates for
Dal-Tile common stock. If you are a Dal-Tile stockholder, please do not send
Dal-Tile or Dal-Tile's transfer agent any stock certificates until you receive
these instructions. If, as a Dal-Tile stockholder, you elect to exercise your
appraisal rights, you should follow the procedures outlined in "The
Merger--Appraisal Rights" section beginning on page   .

Effect of the Merger on Dal-Tile Options (See page 48)

   In the merger, all outstanding options granted under Dal-Tile's stock option
plan, whether or not currently exercisable, will be converted into the right to
receive cash and Mohawk common stock. If an option holder consents, one-half of
his or her options will be cashed-out following the merger at $22.00 per share,
less the option exercise price, and the remaining one-half of his or her
options will immediately vest and become options to purchase Mohawk common
stock, subject to share and price adjustments based upon two times the exchange
ratio. If an option holder does not consent to the partial cash-out, each of
his or her options will immediately vest and be assumed by Mohawk as options to
receive the merger consideration of $11.00 per share and Mohawk common stock,
subject to share and price adjustments based upon the exchange ratio.

Board of Directors Following the Merger (See page 68)

   The merger agreement provides that two individuals designated by Dal-Tile
will serve on the Mohawk board of directors following the completion of the
merger. After the merger, the Mohawk board of directors will consist of nine
members.

Accounting Treatment (See page 52)

   Mohawk will account for the merger under the purchase method of accounting.

            Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data--Mohawk

   The following table sets forth the selected financial data of Mohawk for the
periods indicated, which information is derived from the historical
consolidated financial statements of Mohawk. On July 23, 1997, Mohawk acquired
certain assets of Diamond Rug and Carpet Mills, Inc. and other assets owned by
Diamond's principal shareholders using the purchase method of accounting. On
November 12, 1998, Mohawk acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of
World Carpets, Inc. in exchange for approximately 4.9 million shares of
Mohawk's common stock in a transaction recorded using the pooling-of-interests
method of accounting. On January 29, 1999, Mohawk acquired certain assets and
assumed certain liabilities of Image Industries, Inc. The acquisition was
recorded using the purchase method of accounting. On March 9, 1999, Mohawk
acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Durkan Patterned Carpets, Inc.
in exchange for approximately 3.1 million shares of Mohawk's common stock in a
transaction recorded using the pooling-of-interests method of accounting. On
November 14, 2000, Mohawk acquired certain fixed assets and inventory of Crown
Crafts, Inc. The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. All financial data have been restated to include the accounts and
results of operations of World and Durkan. The selected financial data should
be read in conjunction with Mohawk's "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Mohawk's consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto both of which are incorporated into this
document by reference. Interim financial information at or for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 and September 29, 2001 is derived from unaudited
historical consolidated financial statements. The financial information at or
for the nine months ended September 29, 2001 may not be representative of the
financial results that can be expected to be achieved for the entire year.

                                               At or for the Years Ended December 31,       At or for the Nine Months Ended
                                         -------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------
                                                                                            September 30,     September 29,
                                            1996      1997      1998      1999      2000        2000              2001
                                         ---------- --------- --------- --------- --------- -------------     -------------
                                                               (In thousands, except per share data)

Statement of earnings data:
Net sales............................... $2,239,471 2,429,085 2,744,620 3,083,264 3,255,846   2,456,405         2,441,697
Cost of sales...........................  1,726,765 1,869,221 2,063,333 2,306,405 2,432,997   1,835,740         1,826,309
                                         ---------- --------- --------- --------- ---------   ---------         ---------
  Gross profit..........................    512,706   559,864   681,287   776,859   822,849     620,665           615,388
Selling, general and administrative
 expenses...............................    367,251   383,523   432,191   482,062   505,734     378,979           385,814
Restructuring costs (a).................        700        --        --        --        --          --                --
Carrying value reduction of property,
 plant and equipment and other
 assets (b).............................      3,060     5,500     2,900        --        --          --                --
Class action legal settlement (c) . ....         --        --        --        --     7,000       7,000                --
Compensation expense for stock
 option exercises (d)...................         --     2,600        --        --        --          --                --
                                         ---------- --------- --------- --------- ---------   ---------         ---------
  Operating income......................    141,695   168,241   246,196   294,797   310,115     234,686           229,574
                                         ---------- --------- --------- --------- ---------   ---------         ---------
Interest expense........................     39,772    36,474    31,023    32,632    38,044      28,587            24,053
Acquisition costs--World Merger (e).....         --        --    17,700        --        --          --                --
Other expense, net......................      4,586       338     2,667     2,266     4,442       2,834             4,094
                                         ---------- --------- --------- --------- ---------   ---------         ---------
                                             44,358    36,812    51,390    34,898    42,486      31,421            28,147
                                         ---------- --------- --------- --------- ---------   ---------         ---------
  Earnings before income taxes..........     97,337   131,429   194,806   259,899   267,629     203,265           201,427
Income taxes............................     40,395    51,866    79,552   102,660   105,030      79,928            72,028
                                         ---------- --------- --------- --------- ---------   ---------         ---------
  Net earnings.......................... $   56,942    79,563   115,254   157,239   162,599     123,337           129,399
                                         ========== ========= ========= ========= =========   =========         =========
Basic earnings per share (f)............ $     0.96      1.33      1.91      2.63      3.02        2.28              2.47
                                         ========== ========= ========= ========= =========   =========         =========
Weighted-average common shares
 outstanding (f)........................     59,310    59,962    60,393    59,730    53,769      54,181            52,347
                                         ========== ========= ========= ========= =========   =========         =========
Diluted earnings per share (f) . . . . . $     0.95      1.32      1.89      2.61      3.00        2.26              2.44
                                         ========== ========= ========= ========= =========   =========         =========
Weighted-average common and
 dilutive potential common shares
 outstanding (f)........................     59,899    60,453    61,134    60,349    54,255      54,689            53,021
                                         ========== ========= ========= ========= =========   =========         =========

                                                                                              At or for the
                                                                                               Nine Months
                                                 At or for the Years Ended December 31,           Ended
                                           -------------------------------------------------- -------------
                                                                                              September 29,
                                              1996      1997      1998      1999      2000        2001
                                           ---------- --------- --------- --------- --------- -------------
                                                                     (In thousands)

Balance sheet data:
Working capital........................... $  390,889   389,378   438,474   560,057   427,192     438,390
Total assets..............................  1,226,959 1,233,361 1,405,486 1,682,873 1,795,378   1,834,529
Short-term note payable...................     21,200        --        --        --        --          --
Long-term debt (including current portion)    486,952   402,854   377,089   596,065   589,828     457,786
Stockholders' equity......................    409,616   493,841   611,059   692,546   754,360     884,054

- --------
(a) During 1996, Mohawk recorded pre-tax restructuring costs of $0.7 million,
    related to certain mill closings whose operations have been consolidated
    into other Mohawk facilities.
(b) During 1996, Mohawk recorded a charge of $3.1 million arising from the
    write-down of property, plant and equipment to be disposed of related to
    the closing of a manufacturing facility in 1996 and a revision in the
    estimate of fair value of certain property, plant and equipment based on
    current market conditions related to mill closings in 1995. During 1997,
    Mohawk recorded a charge of $5.5 million arising from a revision in the
    estimated fair value of certain property, plant and equipment held for sale
    based on current appraisals and other market information related to a mill
    closing in 1995. During 1998, Mohawk recorded a charge of $2.9 million for
    the write-down of assets to be disposed of relating to the acquisition of
    World.
(c) Mohawk recorded a one-time charge of $7.0 million in 2000, reflecting the
    settlement of two class action lawsuits.
(d) A charge of $2.6 million was recorded in 1997, for income tax
    reimbursements to be made to certain executives related to the exercise of
    stock options granted in 1988 and 1989 in connection with Mohawk's 1988
    leveraged buyout.
(e) Mohawk recorded a one-time charge of $17.7 million in 1998 for transaction
    expenses related to the World merger.
(f) The board of directors declared a 3-for-2 stock split on October 23, 1997,
    which was paid on December 4, 1997 to holders of record on November 4,
    1997. Earnings per share and weighted-average common share data have been
    restated to reflect the split.

           Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data--Dal-Tile

   The following table sets forth the selected financial data of Dal-Tile for
the periods indicated, which information is derived from the historical
consolidated financial statements of Dal-Tile for these periods. The selected
financial information should be read together with Dal-Tile's "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and
with Dal-Tile's consolidated financial statements, including the related notes,
previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated
herein by reference. Interim financial information at or for September 29, 2000
and September 28, 2001 is derived from Dal-Tile's unaudited historical
consolidated financial statements. The financial information for the nine
months ended September 28, 2001 may not be representative of the financial
results that can be expected to be achieved for the entire year.

                                                        At or for the Years Ended
                                    -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                    January 3,     January 2,    January 1, December 31, December 29,
                                       1997           1998          1999        1999         2000
                                    ----------     ----------    ---------- ------------ ------------

Statement of earnings
 data:
Net sales..........................  $720,236        676,637      751,785     850,568      952,156
Cost of goods sold.................   369,731        404,728 (c)  396,112     440,514      497,933
                                     --------       --------      -------     -------      -------
   Gross profit....................   350,505        271,909      355,673     410,054      454,223
Expenses:
Transportation.....................    47,125         58,425 (c)   55,988      57,124       64,549
Selling, general and
 administrative....................   190,911        277,515 (c)  222,790     232,845      247,099
Provisions for merger
 integration charges...............     9,000 (a)         --           --          --           --
Amortization of goodwill...........     5,605          5,605        5,604       5,607        5,512
                                     --------       --------      -------     -------      -------
Operating income (loss)............    97,864        (69,636)      71,291     114,478      137,063
Interest expense, net..............    44,653         40,381       44,923      36,999       29,998
Other (income) expense.............      (129)        (1,220)      (1,264)       (250)         444
                                     --------       --------      -------     -------      -------
                                       44,524         39,161       43,659      36,749       30,442
                                     --------       --------      -------     -------      -------
Earnings (loss) before
 income taxes and
 extraordinary item................    53,340       (108,797)      27,632      77,729      106,621
Income taxes.......................    18,914          1,439        3,604       3,966        5,864
                                     --------       --------      -------     -------      -------
Earnings (loss) before
 extraordinary item................    34,426       (110,236)      24,028      73,763      100,757
   Extraordinary
    item--loss on early
    retirement of debt,
    net of taxes...................   (29,072)            --           --          --           --
                                     --------       --------      -------     -------      -------
Net earnings (loss)................  $  5,354       (110,236)      24,028      73,763      100,757
                                     ========       ========      =======     =======      =======
Basic earnings (loss)
 per share.........................  $   0.11 (b)      (2.06)        0.45        1.36         1.83
                                     ========       ========      =======     =======      =======
Weighted-average common
 shares outstanding................    48,473         53,435       53,487      54,103       54,918
                                     ========       ========      =======     =======      =======
Diluted earnings (loss) per share..  $   0.11 (b)      (2.06)        0.45        1.35         1.82
                                     ========       ========      =======     =======      =======
Weighted-average common
 and dilutive potential
 shares outstanding................    50,053         53,435       53,983      54,539       55,396
                                     ========       ========      =======     =======      =======

                                      At or for the Nine Months Ended
                                     --------------------------------
                                     September 29,     September 28,
                                         2000              2001
                                     -------------     -------------

Statement of earnings
 data:
Net sales..........................     722,946           777,986
Cost of goods sold.................     376,883           410,793
                                        -------           -------
   Gross profit....................     346,063           367,193
Expenses:
Transportation.....................      48,432            51,627
Selling, general and
 administrative....................     190,743           200,666
Provisions for merger
 integration charges...............          --                --
Amortization of goodwill...........       4,134             4,134
                                        -------           -------
Operating income (loss)............     102,754           110,766
Interest expense, net..............      23,102            16,996
Other (income) expense.............         108             1,029
                                        -------           -------
                                         23,210            18,025
                                        -------           -------
Earnings (loss) before
 income taxes and
 extraordinary item................      79,544            92,741
Income taxes.......................       4,995            35,705
                                        -------           -------
Earnings (loss) before
 extraordinary item................      74,549            57,036
   Extraordinary
    item--loss on early
    retirement of debt,
    net of taxes...................          --                --
                                        -------           -------
Net earnings (loss)................      74,549            57,036
                                        =======           =======
Basic earnings (loss)
 per share.........................        1.36              1.02
                                        =======           =======
Weighted-average common
 shares outstanding................      54,869            55,819
                                        =======           =======
Diluted earnings (loss) per share..        1.35              0.98
                                        =======           =======
Weighted-average common
 and dilutive potential
 shares outstanding................      55,108            58,162
                                        =======           =======

                                                                                At or for the
                                                                                 Nine Months
                                     At or for the Years Ended                      Ended
                     ---------------------------------------------------------- -------------
                     January 3, January 2, January 1, December 31, December 29, September 28,
                        1997       1998       1999        1999         2000         2001
                     ---------- ---------- ---------- ------------ ------------ -------------
                                                  (In thousands)

Balance sheet data:
Working capital.....  $180,819   154,888    117,615      91,791      116,303       167,696
Total assets........   688,497   672,069    640,808     638,704      670,520       693,591
Total debt..........   465,858   557,091    500,432     410,673      331,778       261,697
Long-term debt......   433,035   537,830    453,923     353,877      276,017       242,500
Stockholders' equity   115,569     3,920     15,459     100,944      212,308       267,512

- --------
(a) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1996, Dal-Tile recorded a pre-tax $9.0
    million merger integration charge for closing duplicative sales centers and
    distribution centers, closing various manufacturing facilities and paying
    severance costs.
(b) Fiscal 1996 earnings per share information is presented after the
    extraordinary item of $29.1 million (loss on early retirement of debt, net
    of taxes).
(c) Fiscal 1997 includes charges totaling $90.1 million recorded principally
    for the write-down of obsolete and slow-moving inventories, uncollectible
    trade accounts receivable, other non-productive assets and costs for
    restructuring of manufacturing, store operations and corporate
    administrative functions. These charges are comprised of $36.5 million in
    cost of goods sold, $3.5 million in transportation expenses and $50.1
    million in selling, general and administrative expenses.

Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Consolidated Financial
                                  Information

   The following table sets forth the selected unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated financial information for Mohawk at or for the year ended
December 31, 2000 and the nine months ended September 29, 2001 which gives
effect to the merger with Dal-Tile using the purchase method of accounting as
if the merger occurred on January 1, 2000 for the statement of earnings data
and as of September 29, 2001 for the balance sheet data. The following table
should be read in conjunction with Mohawk's unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated financial information on page 72 of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus and the historical consolidated financial statements and
the related notes thereto of Mohawk and Dal-Tile included in the documents
described under "Where You Can Find More Information."

                                                       At or for the Year         At or for the Nine Months
                                                     Ended December 31, 2000       Ended September 29, 2001
                                                  ----------------------------- -----------------------------
                                                    Mohawk   Dal-Tile Pro Forma   Mohawk   Dal-Tile Pro Forma
                                                  ---------- -------- --------- ---------- -------- ---------
                                                             (In thousands, except per share data)

Statement of earnings data:
Net sales........................................ $3,255,846 952,156  4,143,453  2,441,697 777,986  3,168,056
Cost of sales....................................  2,432,997 497,933  2,936,530  1,826,309 410,793  2,241,302
                                                  ---------- -------  --------- ---------- -------  ---------
   Gross profit..................................    822,849 454,223  1,206,923    615,388 367,193    926,754
Selling, general and administrative expenses.....    505,734 317,160    752,833    385,814 256,427    586,480
Class action legal settlement....................      7,000      --      7,000         --      --         --
                                                  ---------- -------  --------- ---------- -------  ---------
   Operating income..............................    310,115 137,063    447,090    229,574 110,766    340,274
                                                  ---------- -------  --------- ---------- -------  ---------
Interest expense.................................     38,044  29,998    116,752     24,053  16,996     64,626
Other expense, net...............................      4,442     444      4,886      4,094   1,029      5,123
                                                  ---------- -------  --------- ---------- -------  ---------
   Earnings before income taxes..................    267,629 106,621    325,452    201,427  92,741    270,525
Income taxes.....................................    105,030   5,864    128,024     72,028  35,705     98,985
                                                  ---------- -------  --------- ---------- -------  ---------
   Net earnings.................................. $  162,599 100,757    197,428    129,399  57,036    171,540
                                                  ========== =======  ========= ========== =======  =========
Diluted earnings per share....................... $     3.00               2.96       2.44               2.62
                                                  ==========          ========= ==========          =========
Weighted-average common and dilutive potential
  common shares outstanding......................     54,255             66,684     53,021             65,450
                                                  ==========          ========= ==========          =========
Balance sheet data:
Working capital (deficit)........................                               $  438,390 167,696    (76,387)
Total assets.....................................                                1,834,529 693,591  4,009,193
Long-term debt (including current portion).......                                  457,786 261,697  1,426,944
Stockholders' equity.............................                                  884,054 267,512  1,699,575

              Historical and Pro Forma Comparative Per Share Data

                                                                    At or for the
                                                      At or for the  Nine Months
                                                       Year Ended       Ended
                                                      December 31,  September 29,
                                                        2000 (a)      2001 (a)
                                                      ------------- -------------

HISTORICAL MOHAWK:
 Basic net earnings per share........................    $ 3.02          2.47
 Diluted net earnings per share......................      3.00          2.44
 Book value per share................................     14.42         16.82
HISTORICAL DAL-TILE:
 Basic net earnings per share........................      1.83          1.02
 Diluted net earnings per share......................      1.82          0.98
 Book value per share................................      3.84          4.79
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED--MOHAWK:
 Pro forma basic net earnings per share..............      2.98          2.65
 Pro forma diluted net earnings per share............      2.96          2.62
 Pro forma book value per share......................                   26.16
UNAUDITED EQUIVALENT PRO FORMA COMBINED--DAL-TILE(b):
 Pro forma basic net earnings per share..............      0.66          0.59
 Pro forma diluted net earnings per share............      0.66          0.58
 Pro forma book value per share......................                    5.79

- --------
(a) Amounts for Dal-Tile are at or for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2000
    and the nine months ended September 28, 2001.

(b) The Dal-Tile equivalent pro forma per share data are calculated based on
    Mohawk pro forma per share data multiplied by an exchange ratio of .2213
    shares of Mohawk common stock for each share of Dal-Tile common stock
    outstanding. This ratio is based on the current measurement date for the
    merger of December 26, 2001, but is subject to change depending on the
    average closing price for Mohawk common stock. A change in the exchange
    ratio could have an impact on the pro forma per share amounts. See Notes to
    the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Consolidated Financial
    Information--Note 3(m). The pro forma book value per share for Dal-Tile
    does not reflect the $11 per share in cash that Dal-Tile stockholders will
    receive if the merger is completed.

                                 RISK FACTORS

   In addition to the other information included in this document, the risk
factors described below should be considered by you in determining how to vote
at the special meeting.

Dal-Tile stockholders will receive shares of Mohawk common stock based on an
exchange ratio that is determined based upon the market value of Mohawk common
stock at a later date.

   The number of shares of Mohawk common stock Dal-Tile stockholders will
receive in the merger for each Dal-Tile share will be calculated using an
exchange ratio that may change depending on the market price for Mohawk common
stock. The exchange ratio will be determined using the average closing price of
Mohawk shares for the twenty trading days ending on the third full trading day
prior to the completion of the merger.

   The exchange ratio adjusts based on the average closing price of Mohawk
common stock such that Dal-Tile stockholders receive the following:

    .  .2213 of a Mohawk share for each Dal-Tile share if the average closing
       price of the Mohawk shares at the time of the merger is greater than
       $54.67;

    .  that fraction of a Mohawk share for each Dal-Tile share determined by
       dividing $12.10 by the average closing price of Mohawk shares at the
       time of the merger if the average closing price of Mohawk shares at the
       time of the merger is greater than $50.12 per share, but less than or
       equal to $54.67;

    .  .2414 of a Mohawk share for each Dal-Tile share if the average closing
       price of the Mohawk shares at the time of the merger is equal to or
       greater than $41.00 per share, but less than or equal to $50.12;

    .  that fraction of a Mohawk share for each Dal-Tile share determined by
       dividing $9.90 by the average closing price of Mohawk shares at the time
       of the merger if the average closing price of Mohawk shares at the time
       of the merger is greater than or equal to $36.45 per share, but less
       than $41.00; or

    .  .2716 of a Mohawk share for each Dal-Tile share if the average closing
       price of the Mohawk shares at the time of the merger is less than $36.45.

   If the average closing price of Mohawk common stock is less than $36.45 or
more than $54.67, the exchange ratio will not change. As a result, to the
extent the value of Mohawk common stock is outside these limitations, the value
of the fraction of a share of Mohawk common stock represented by the exchange
ratio will vary. Neither Dal-Tile nor Mohawk has the right to terminate the
merger agreement based solely on changes in the average closing price of Mohawk
common stock.

   We cannot predict the market prices for the Mohawk common stock and we
encourage you to obtain current market quotations of the Mohawk common stock,
which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "MHK."

The exchange ratio will not be determined until shortly before the completion
of the merger.

   Because the exchange ratio will not be determined until the third trading
day before the completion of the merger, if you wish to vote by proxy and have
your vote counted at your special meeting, you may have to decide whether or
not to vote for adoption of the merger agreement or the issuance of Mohawk
shares in the merger before knowing the actual exchange ratio. Changes in the
price of Mohawk common stock between the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus and the third trading day before the completion of the
merger may cause the actual exchange ratio to vary significantly. Because the
date the merger is completed may be later than the dates of the special
meetings, Dal-Tile stockholders will not necessarily know the market value of
Mohawk common stock that they will receive in the merger.

Dal-Tile stockholders may not know at the time of the Dal-Tile special meeting
whether they will incur gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in
the merger.

   As a Dal-Tile stockholder, you may not know whether, for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, the receipt of Mohawk common stock in the merger will be a
taxable event to you at the time you vote at the Dal-Tile special meeting.

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile intend for the merger to qualify as a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. If the
merger qualifies as a reorganization, then the holders of Dal-Tile's common
stock will not recognize a gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as
a result of the merger, except that gain (but not loss) will be recognized to
the extent of cash received as part of the merger consideration, in lieu of
fractional shares or because of the exercise of appraisal rights.

   The completion of the merger as a Section 368(a) reorganization is
conditioned on, among other things, the receipt of opinions from counsel for
Dal-Tile and Mohawk, that the merger will qualify as a Section 368(a)
reorganization. The opinions are conditioned among other things on the value of
the Mohawk common stock issued in the merger being 40% or more of the value of
the combined merger consideration. If such condition is not met, the merger
will not be completed unless Dal-Tile elects to complete the merger in the form
of a taxable reverse merger. In addition to the market value of Mohawk common
stock, various factors affect whether the value of the Mohawk common stock
received by Dal-Tile stockholders in the merger is equal to at least 40% of the
combined value of the merger consideration as of the completion of the merger,
including:

    .  the amount, if any, to be paid to Dal-Tile stockholders who perfect
       their appraisal rights;

    .  whether prior to and in connection with the merger Dal-Tile (or certain
       parties related to Dal-Tile) redeems or acquires Dal-Tile stock or makes
       distributions to the Dal-Tile stockholders; and

    .  whether there will be any repurchases by Mohawk (or certain parties
       related to Mohawk) of the Mohawk common stock to be issued in the merger.

Accordingly, it is not possible to state with certainty the minimum trading
price of the Mohawk common stock at which the value of the Mohawk common stock
to be received in the merger will be equal to at least 40% of the value of the
combined merger consideration as of the completion of the merger. Assuming that
the $11.00 per share cash consideration is the only non-Mohawk common stock
consideration received or to be received by the Dal-Tile stockholders in the
merger, and assuming further that there are no stockholders exercising
appraisal rights, no cash to be paid in lieu of fractional share interests, no
distributions or redemptions made by Dal-Tile (or certain parties related to
Dal-Tile) in connection with the merger, and no repurchases or acquisitions by
Mohawk (or certain parties related to Mohawk) of the Mohawk common stock to be
issued in the merger, the minimum trading price of the Mohawk common stock at
which the value of the Mohawk common stock to be received in the merger will be
equal to at least 40% of the value of the combined merger consideration is
approximately $27.00 per share. If these assumptions prove to be inaccurate,
then the minimum trading price may be higher than $27.00 per share.

   There can be no assurance that the conditions will occur that are necessary
for the merger to be a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Internal Revenue Code. If the merger does not qualify as a Section 368(a)
reorganization, the issuance of Mohawk common stock to the Dal-Tile
stockholders will be a taxable event for the Dal-Tile stockholders.

The executive officers and directors of Dal-Tile will receive certain benefits
in the merger which other Dal-Tile stockholders will not receive.

   The directors and executive officers of Dal-Tile have interests in the
merger that are different from other Dal-Tile stockholders. These benefits
include:

    .  potential for positions as directors or executive officers of Mohawk
       following the merger;

    .  options to purchase Dal-Tile common stock, including any stock option
       held by any executive officer or director of Dal-Tile, will become fully
       exercisable and will be cashed-out in part (either upon completion of
       the merger or upon exercise) and converted in part into options to
       acquire Mohawk common stock;

    .  a number of Dal-Tile employees, including executive officers, have
       agreements with Dal-Tile that provide for severance payments (and
       continued insurance coverage) that may be triggered upon termination of
       their employment after completion of the merger; and

    .  directors and executive officers of Dal-Tile have customary rights to
       indemnification against specified liabilities, and Mohawk has agreed to
       maintain directors' and officers' liability insurance for them and has
       released them from certain liabilities under the merger agreement.

See "The Merger--Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger" on page 53 and
"The Merger--Effect of the Merger on Dal-Tile Options" on page 48.

The failure to integrate successfully Mohawk and Dal-Tile by managing the
challenges of that integration may result in the combined company not achieving
the anticipated potential benefits of the merger.

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile will face challenges in consolidating functions,
integrating their organizations, procedures, operations and product lines in a
timely and efficient manner and retaining key personnel.

   These challenges will result principally because the two companies currently:

    .  maintain executive offices in different locations;

    .  manufacture and sell different types of products through different
       distribution channels;

    .  conduct their businesses from various locations;

    .  maintain different operating systems and software on different computer
       hardware; and

     . have different employment and compensation arrangements for their
       employees.

   In addition, Dal-Tile has a significant manufacturing operation in Mexico
and Mohawk has not previously operated a manufacturing facility outside of the
United States. As a result, the integration of Mohawk and Dal-Tile will be
complex and will require additional attention from members of management. The
diversion of management attention and any difficulties encountered in the
transition and integration process could have a material adverse effect on the
revenues, level of expenses and operating results of the combined company.

The combined company's debt level may limit its financial flexibility.

   As of September 29, 2001, Mohawk had approximately $457.8 million of total
debt and a total debt to total capital ratio of 34.1%. After giving effect to
the acquisition of Dal-Tile, including Mohawk's intended financing of the cash
portion of the merger consideration, cash payments to be made to holders of
outstanding Dal-Tile options, Mohawk's repayment of Dal-Tile's existing
indebtedness and direct costs associated with the acquisition, as of September
29, 2001, the combined company would have had approximately $1.4 billion of
total debt and a total debt to total capital ratio of 45.6% on a pro forma
basis. The combined company may also incur additional debt in the future,
including in connection with other acquisitions. The level of the combined
company's debt could have several important effects on the combined company's
future operations, including, among others:

    .  an increased portion of the combined company's cash flow from operations
       will be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on the debt
       and will not be available for other purposes;

    .  covenants in Mohawk's existing debt arrangements and anticipated
       covenants related to the debt that Mohawk intends to incur in connection
       with the merger will require the combined company to meet financial
       tests that may affect the combined company's flexibility in planning for
       and reacting to changes in its business, including possible acquisition
       opportunities;

    .  the combined company's ability to obtain additional financing for
       working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate
       and other purposes may be limited;

    .  the combined company may be at a competitive disadvantage to similar
       companies that have less debt; and

    .  the combined company's vulnerability to adverse economic and industry
       conditions may increase.

If the merger does not occur, the companies will not benefit from the expenses
they have incurred in the pursuit of the merger.

   The merger may not be completed. If the merger is not completed, Mohawk and
Dal-Tile will have incurred substantial expenses for which no ultimate benefit
will have been received by either Mohawk or Dal-Tile. Additionally, if the
merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, Dal-Tile will be
required to pay Mohawk a $45 million termination fee. See "The Merger
Agreement--Fees and Expenses."

                             THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

General

   This joint proxy statement-prospectus is being furnished in connection with
the solicitation of proxies by each of the boards of directors of Mohawk and
Dal-Tile in connection with the proposed merger.

   This joint proxy statement-prospectus is first being furnished to
stockholders of Mohawk and Dal-Tile on or about        , 2002.

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meetings

   The special meetings are scheduled to be held as follows:

For Mohawk stockholders:  For Dal-Tile stockholders:

Purpose of the Special Meetings

   Mohawk.  The Mohawk special meeting is being held for Mohawk stockholders to
consider and vote upon the approval of the issuance of Mohawk shares in the
merger, pursuant to which Dal-Tile will merge into a wholly owned subsidiary of
Mohawk as contemplated by the merger agreement between Mohawk, Maverick Merger
Sub, Inc. and Dal-Tile. Collectively, the Dal-Tile stockholders will receive in
the merger between 12,412,274 and 18,401,198 shares of Mohawk common stock, or
between approximately 19% and 26% of the outstanding Mohawk common stock
immediately following the merger, depending on the exchange ratio and the
number of Dal-Tile options that are exercised prior to completion of the
merger. At the Mohawk special meeting, Mohawk stockholders may also consider
and vote on any motion submitted to a vote of the stockholders to adjourn or
postpone the special meeting to another time and place for the purpose of
soliciting additional proxies and the transaction of any other business
incident to the conduct of the Mohawk special meeting.

   Dal-Tile.  The Dal-Tile special meeting is being held for Dal-Tile
stockholders to consider and vote upon the approval of the adoption of the
merger agreement. Adoption of the merger agreement by the Dal-Tile stockholders
will constitute approval of the merger under either of the alternative
structures provided for in the merger agreement. At the Dal-Tile special
meeting, Dal-Tile stockholders may also consider and vote on any motion
submitted to a vote of the stockholders to adjourn or postpone the special
meeting to another time and place for the purpose of soliciting additional
proxies and the transaction of any other business incident to the conduct of
the Dal-Tile special meeting.

Stockholder Record Date for the Special Meetings

   Mohawk.  Mohawk's board of directors has fixed the close of business on
        , 2002 as the record date for determination of Mohawk stockholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. On the record date,
there were         shares of Mohawk common stock outstanding, held by
approximately        holders of record.

   Dal-Tile.  Dal-Tile's board of directors has fixed the close of business on
      , 2002 as the record date for determination of Dal-Tile stockholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. On the record date,
there were        shares of Dal-Tile common stock outstanding, held by
approximately        holders of record.

Vote Required

   Mohawk.  A majority of the outstanding shares of Mohawk common stock must be
represented, either in person or by proxy, to constitute a quorum at the Mohawk
special meeting. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Mohawk common stock present at the Mohawk special meeting is required
to approve the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger.

   As of the record date, Mohawk directors and executive officers and their
affiliates owned approximately    % of the outstanding shares of Mohawk common
stock.

   Dal-Tile.  A majority of the outstanding shares of Dal-Tile common stock
must be represented either in person or by proxy, to constitute a quorum at the
Dal-Tile special meeting. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
the shares of Dal-Tile common stock issued and outstanding is required to adopt
the merger agreement.

   As of the record date, Dal-Tile directors and executive officers and their
affiliates owned approximately     % of the outstanding shares of Dal-Tile
common stock.

Proxies

   All shares of Mohawk common stock represented by properly executed proxies
or voting instructions received before or at the Mohawk special meeting and all
shares of Dal-Tile common stock represented by properly executed proxies or
voting instructions received before or at the Dal-Tile special meeting will,
unless the proxies or voting instructions are revoked, be voted in accordance
with the instructions indicated on those proxies or voting instructions. If no
instructions are indicated on a properly executed proxy card or voting
instruction, the shares will be voted FOR approval of the issuance of Mohawk
shares in the merger or adoption of the merger agreement, for any motion to
adjourn or postpone the special meeting to another time and place for the
purpose of soliciting additional proxies and to approve those other matters
that may be incident to the conduct of the special meetings at the discretion
of the person named in the proxy. You are urged to mark the box on the proxy
card to indicate how to vote your shares.

   If a Mohawk stockholder returns a properly executed proxy card or voting
instruction and the stockholder has abstained from voting on the issuance of
Mohawk shares in the merger, the Mohawk common stock represented by the proxy
or voting instruction will be considered present at the special meeting for
purposes of determining a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted
in favor of the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger. If a Dal-Tile
stockholder returns a properly executed proxy card or voting instruction and
the stockholder has abstained from voting on adoption of the merger agreement,
the Dal-Tile common stock represented by the proxy or voting instruction will
be considered present at the special meeting for purposes of determining a
quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor of the adoption
of the merger agreement.

   If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm or bank, you must
instruct them on how to vote your shares with respect to the issuance of Mohawk
shares in the merger or the adoption of the merger agreement. For the Mohawk
special meeting, if an executed proxy card is returned by a broker or bank
holding shares which indicates that the broker or bank does not have
discretionary authority to vote on whether to approve the issuance of Mohawk
shares in the merger, the shares will be considered present for purposes of
determining the presence of a quorum, but will not be considered to have been
voted in favor of the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger. For the Dal-Tile
special meeting, if an executed proxy card is returned by a broker or bank
holding shares which indicates that the broker or bank does not have
discretionary authority to vote on adoption of the merger agreement, the shares
will be considered present at the meeting for purposes of determining the
presence of a quorum, but will not be considered to have been voted in favor of
adoption of the merger agreement.

   Since the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger and any motion to adjourn
or postpone the Mohawk special meeting to another time or place for the purpose
of soliciting additional votes requires the approval of a majority of the
shares of Mohawk common stock present at the Mohawk special meeting,
abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against
the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger. Because adoption of the merger
agreement by Dal-Tile requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares
of Dal-Tile common stock outstanding on the record date, abstentions, failures
to vote and broker non-votes by Dal-Tile stockholders will have the same effect
as votes against adoption of the merger agreement. The approval of a motion to
adjourn the Dal-Tile special meeting in order to solicit additional proxies
requires the approval of a majority of the votes cast at the special meeting
and therefor abstentions, failures to vote and broker non-votes by Dal-Tile
stockholders will not be counted as votes cast and will have no effect on the
outcome of a motion to adjourn.

   The Mohawk special meeting or the Dal-Tile special meeting may be adjourned
or postponed in order to permit further solicitation of proxies. No proxy voted
against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement or

against the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger will be voted on any
proposal to adjourn or postpone the special meeting that is submitted to the
stockholders for a vote. Neither Mohawk nor Dal-Tile expects that any matter
other than approval of the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger or adoption
of the merger agreement will be brought before its special meeting. If,
however, other matters incident to the conduct of the special meetings are
considered, the persons named as proxies will vote in accordance with their
judgment with respect to those matters, unless authority to do so is withheld
on the proxy card.

   A stockholder may revoke his or her proxy at any time before it is voted by:

    .  notifying in writing the Corporate Secretary of Mohawk Industries, Inc.
       at 160 S. Industrial Boulevard, Calhoun, Georgia 30703, if you are a
       Mohawk stockholder, or the Secretary of Dal-Tile International Inc. at
       7834 Hawn Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75217, if you are a Dal-Tile
       stockholder;

    .  granting a subsequently dated proxy; or

    .  appearing in person and voting at the special meeting if you are a
       holder of record.

Attendance at the special meeting will not in and of itself constitute
revocation of a proxy.

Voting Electronically or by Telephone

   Because Delaware, the state in which both Mohawk and Dal-Tile are
incorporated, permits electronic submission of proxies through the Internet or
by telephone, instead of submitting proxies by mail on the enclosed proxy card
or voting instructions, all holders of record and many other stockholders will
have the option to submit their proxies or voting instructions electronically
through the Internet or by telephone. Please note that there are separate
arrangements for using the Internet and telephone depending on whether you are
a record holder and your shares are registered in your company's stock records
in your name or your shares are registered in the name of a brokerage firm or
bank. Stockholders should check their proxy card or voting instructions
forwarded by their broker, bank or other holder of record to see which options
are available.

   The Internet and telephone procedures described below for submitting your
proxy or voting instructions are designed to authenticate stockholders'
identities, to allow stockholders to have their shares voted and to confirm
that their instructions have been properly recorded. Dal-Tile and Mohawk have
been advised by their respective counsel that the procedures that have been put
in place are consistent with the requirements of Delaware law. Stockholders
submitting proxies or voting instructions via the Internet should understand
that there may be costs associated with electronic access, such as usage
charges from Internet access providers and telephone companies, that would be
borne by the stockholder.

   Mohawk holders of record may submit their proxies:

    .  through the Internet by visiting a website established for that purpose
       at        and following the instructions; or

    .  by telephone by calling the toll-free number          in the United
       States, Canada or Puerto Rico on a touch-tone phone and following the
       recorded instructions.

   Dal-Tile holders of record may submit their proxies:

    .  through the Internet by visiting a website established for that purpose
       at                and following the instructions; or

    .  by telephone by calling the toll-free number                    in the
       United States, Canada or Puerto Rico on a touch-tone phone and following
       the recorded instructions.

Solicitation of Proxies

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile will equally share the expenses incurred in connection
with the printing and mailing of this joint proxy statement-prospectus. Mohawk
and Dal-Tile have each retained Georgeson Shareholder

Communications, Inc., each for a fee of $7,500, plus expenses, to assist in the
solicitation of proxies. Mohawk, Dal-Tile and Georgeson will also request
banks, brokers and other intermediaries holding shares of Mohawk or Dal-Tile
common stock beneficially owned by others to send this joint proxy
statement-prospectus to, and obtain proxies from, the beneficial owners and
will reimburse the holders for their reasonable expenses in so doing.
Solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, telegram and
other electronic means, advertisements and personal solicitation by the
directors, officers or employees of Mohawk and Dal-Tile. No additional
compensation will be paid to directors, officers or employees for such
solicitation.

   You should not send in any stock certificates with your proxy card. A
transmittal letter with instructions for the surrender of stock certificates
will be mailed to you as soon as practicable after completion of the merger.

                                  THE MERGER

   The following information describes material aspects of the merger. This
description does not provide a complete description of all the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement. It is qualified in its entirety by the text
of the merger agreement, which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus. The merger agreement is incorporated herein by reference.
You are urged to read all of the Annexes in their entirety.

General

   The merger agreement provides for the acquisition of Dal-Tile by Mohawk
pursuant to the merger of Dal-Tile by a forward merger with and into Maverick
Merger Sub, Inc., a newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of Mohawk created for
the purpose of the merger, with Merger Sub as the surviving corporation in the
merger. If it is determined prior to the completion of the merger that the
value of the Mohawk common stock to be received by Dal-Tile stockholders in the
merger is less than 40% of the value of the combined merger consideration,
Dal-Tile has the option to close the merger as a taxable reverse merger. If
Dal-Tile elects to close the merger as a taxable reverse merger, then Merger
Sub will merge with and into Dal-Tile, with Dal-Tile surviving the merger and
becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Mohawk. The forward merger and the
reverse merger materially differ only in their tax consequences to Dal-Tile
stockholders and in whether Merger Sub or Dal-Tile is the surviving corporation
in the merger. For a discussion of the tax consequences of the merger to
Dal-Tile stockholders, see "--Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger" below.

What Dal-Tile Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger

   Regardless of the structure of the merger, when we complete the merger, each
outstanding share of Dal-Tile common stock (other than shares held by Mohawk or
Dal-Tile or their respective subsidiaries and shares held by Dal-Tile
stockholders who perfect their statutory appraisal rights) will be converted
into and exchanged for the right to receive a cash payment of $11.00 (less any
required withholding of taxes) and a fraction of a share of Mohawk common stock
determined based on the average closing price of Mohawk common stock for the
twenty consecutive full trading days ending three full trading days prior to
the closing of the merger. Collectively, the Dal-Tile stockholders will receive
in the merger between 12,412,274 and 18,401,198 shares of Mohawk common stock,
or between approximately 19% and 26% of the outstanding Mohawk common stock
immediately following the merger, depending on the exchange ratio and the
number of Dal-Tile options that are exercised prior to completion of the
merger. Dal-Tile stockholders who perfect their appraisal rights will be
entitled to receive from the surviving corporation in the merger, the value of
their shares in cash as determined pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law. See "--Appraisal Rights."

   The fraction of a share of Mohawk common stock will be determined based on
the "average closing price," which is the average of the daily closing prices
for Mohawk common stock on the New York Stock Exchange during the twenty
consecutive full trading days ending on the trading day three full trading days
prior to the closing date of the merger. Specifically, for each share of
Dal-Tile common stock held at the effective time, Dal-Tile stockholders will be
entitled to receive the cash payment of $11.00 and:

    .  .2213 of a share of Mohawk common stock, if the average closing price is
       greater than $54.67 per share;

    .  that fraction of a share of Mohawk common stock equal to the quotient
       obtained by dividing $12.10 by the average closing price, if the average
       closing price is greater than $50.12 per share but less than or equal to
       $54.67 per share;

    .  .2414 of a share of Mohawk common stock, if the average closing price is
       equal to or greater than $41.00 per share but less than or equal to
       $50.12 per share;

    .  that fraction of a share of Mohawk common stock equal to the quotient
       obtained by dividing $9.90 by the average closing price, if the average
       closing price is greater than or equal to $36.45 per share but less than
       $41.00 per share; and

    .  .2716 of a share of Mohawk common stock, if the average closing price is
       less than $36.45 per share.

   We refer to the $11.00 cash payment as the "cash payment" and the conversion
rate used at the time of the completion of the merger as the "exchange ratio."
Based on an average closing price of $    for the twenty consecutive full
trading days ending on         , 2002, the exchange ratio would have been
    for each share of Dal-Tile common stock.

   Mohawk will not issue any fractional shares of common stock in the merger.
Rather, Mohawk will pay cash for any fractional share any Dal-Tile stockholder
otherwise would have received in the merger. The cash paid in lieu of
fractional shares will be in an amount equal to the fraction multiplied by the
average closing price.

   If Mohawk effects a stock split, stock dividend, or similar recapitalization
with respect to Mohawk common stock and the record date, in the case of a stock
dividend, or the effective date, in the case of a stock split or similar
recapitalization for which a record date is not established, is prior to the
completion of the merger, the exchange ratio and the average closing price will
be adjusted appropriately.

   If, prior to the completion of the merger, Mohawk consummates a merger,
consolidation, share exchange or other reorganization, or any other transaction
with another person pursuant to which the holders of Mohawk common stock
receive or become entitled to receive securities, cash or other assets or any
combination thereof, at the completion of the merger the holders of Dal-Tile
common stock will be entitled to receive the cash payment plus securities, cash
or other assets received by holders of Mohawk common stock in such transaction
adjusted to give effect to the exchange ratio as if the merger had occurred
immediately prior to the other transaction.

Background of the Merger

   In December 1999, David L. Kolb, chairman and then chief executive officer
of Mohawk, John D. Swift, chief financial officer of Mohawk, Jacques R. Sardas,
chairman, president and chief executive officer of Dal-Tile, and W. Christopher
Wellborn, chief financial officer of Dal-Tile, attended an investment banking
conference in New York, New York. At the conference, Mohawk and Dal-Tile each
gave presentations about their companies and their respective markets in the
floorcovering industry to potential equity investors. Following the
presentations, the parties introduced themselves and expressed mutual interest
in learning more about their respective companies. At that time, the parties
made no plans for additional meetings or discussions, and no further meetings
or discussions occurred until December 1, 2000.

   On December 1, 2000, Mr. Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum, president and current chief
executive officer of Mohawk, Mr. Swift, Mr. Kolb, Mr. Wellborn and Mr. Sardas
met at the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to discuss general business
matters, including each company's operations and potential marketing and sales
synergies that could be achieved by a business combination or another strategic
relationship between Mohawk and Dal-Tile. In particular, the parties discussed
potential synergies that could result from selling Dal-Tile's products through
the Mohawk distribution system and using Mohawk's transportation system to
deliver Dal-Tile products. At this meeting, the participants made no plans for
additional meetings or discussions, and no further meetings or discussions were
held until August 15, 2001.

   On August 15, 2001, Mr. Swift contacted Mr. Wellborn and suggested that they
meet in Dallas, Texas to discuss the benefits of a potential business
combination. After consultation with Mr. Sardas, Mr. Wellborn arranged to meet
Mr. Swift in Dallas on September 5, 2001. Following their discussions they
agreed to recommend a follow-up meeting. The parties subsequently scheduled a
meeting for September 12, 2001, between Mr. Sardas, Mr. Wellborn, Mr.
Lorberbaum and Mr. Swift in Atlanta, Georgia.

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile executed a confidentiality agreement on September 11,
2001. In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks, the companies postponed
their meeting scheduled for September 12, 2001 to October 29 and 30, 2001.

   On September 17, 2001, at a telephonic meeting of the Dal-Tile board of
directors at which all the directors were present, Mr. Sardas informed the
Dal-Tile board of the discussions with Mohawk regarding a potential business
combination and the confidentiality agreement entered into by the parties. At
the meeting the Dal-Tile board authorized the executive officers of Dal-Tile to
continue discussions with Mohawk regarding a potential business combination and
to consult with a financial advisor on an as-needed basis.

   On October 18, 2001, the regular quarterly meeting of the Mohawk board of
directors was held at the offices of Mohawk in Calhoun, Georgia. All members of
the board of directors were present. During that meeting, Mr. Lorberbaum
reviewed the previous contacts with Dal-Tile and advised that a meeting among
Mr. Lorberbaum, Mr. Swift, Mr. Sardas and Mr. Wellborn, originally scheduled
for September 12, 2001, had been rescheduled for October 29 and 30, 2001. Mr.
Lorberbaum and Mr. Swift discussed with the board information about Dal-Tile's
business and financial position. The potential business synergies, possible
cost savings and possible areas of integration presented by a possible
combination of the two companies were thoroughly discussed by the board and
management. The Dal-Tile management structure and change of control costs were
also reviewed. Mr. Lorberbaum, Mr. Swift and the board discussed a proposal to
acquire Dal-Tile for consideration comprised of 50% Mohawk common stock and 50%
cash at various price levels for the Dal-Tile common stock. The board
considered Mohawk's pro forma debt to capitalization ratio and diluted earnings
per share as well as the premium to Dal-Tile's stock price resulting from
various price levels. After a thorough discussion, the board authorized
management to continue discussions with Dal-Tile management. Mohawk's legal
counsel from Alston & Bird LLP reviewed with the board the legal obligations
and duties for the directors during the ongoing discussions.

   On October 26, Mr. Lorberbaum and Mr. Swift held separate telephonic
conversations with a majority of the members of the Mohawk board, in which they
discussed specific terms of a proposal for the acquisition of Dal-Tile for
consideration equal to $21.00 per share of Dal-Tile common stock to be
comprised of 50% Mohawk common stock and 50% cash.

   Mr. Sardas, Mr. Wellborn, Mr. Lorberbaum and Mr. Swift met in Atlanta for
dinner on October 29 and again on the morning of October 30, 2001. The parties
initially discussed the operating styles of their respective companies and
whether or not they would be compatible in a business combination. They also
discussed the potential for the combined company to extend each company's sales
into new geographic markets and the possibility of expanding the sales of
Dal-Tile's products through Mohawk's distribution networks. As part of these
initial discussions, Mr. Lorberbaum proposed the acquisition of Dal-Tile by
Mohawk in a merger for consideration equal to $21.00 per share of Dal-Tile
common stock to be comprised of 50% Mohawk common stock and 50% cash. Mr.
Sardas made a counterproposal of $23.00 per share of Dal-Tile common stock to
be comprised of 50% Mohawk common stock and 50% cash. After these discussions,
the parties agreed to present to their respective boards a proposal for the
merger of Dal-Tile with Mohawk for consideration equal to $22.00 per share of
Dal-Tile common stock to be comprised of 50% Mohawk common stock and 50% cash.
Mr. Lorberbaum also proposed that the stock component of the merger
consideration be valued at $45.56 per share of Mohawk common stock, the closing
price of Mohawk common stock on October 29, 2001. No agreement was reached on
this proposal and the parties deferred further discussions pending
presentations to their respective boards and financial advisors. The parties
agreed to a tentative negotiation schedule, assuming both companies decided to
proceed with negotiations, with a proposed signing of a definitive merger
agreement and announcement of a merger prior to the Thanksgiving holiday.

   On November 1, 2001, the Dal-Tile board held a telephonic meeting in which
all of the directors participated at which Mr. Sardas and Mr. Wellborn
recounted the discussions with Mohawk. Dal-Tile's legal counsel, Vinson &
Elkins L.L.P., discussed the legal obligations of the directors and other legal
considerations in connection with the proposed merger and the negotiation of
the merger agreement, including the ability to respond to unsolicited offers.
Also at this meeting, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston, Dal-Tile's
financial advisor, reviewed with the board Mohawk's business and financial
position relative to Dal-Tile's, and representatives of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
and Credit Suisse First Boston discussed with the board alternative structures
for the potential merger. The participants at the meeting also discussed the
schedule for completing the merger agreement, due diligence reviews and holding
a board meeting to review the merger agreement and receiving an opinion from
Credit Suisse First Boston regarding the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the merger consideration to be received by Dal-Tile stockholders in
the proposed merger. During the telephonic meeting, the Dal-Tile board
authorized the senior management to proceed with the negotiation of the terms
of a merger and a definitive merger agreement with Mohawk for consideration by
the board.

   The management of both companies arranged for mutual due diligence reviews.
On November 5 through November 7, 2001, legal counsel to Mohawk traveled to
Dallas to review Dal-Tile's corporate records and other information. On
November 8 and 9, 2001, Dal-Tile's legal counsel traveled to Atlanta and
Calhoun, Georgia to conduct a similar review of Mohawk. On November 6 and 7,
2001, accounting and tax advisors to Dal-Tile traveled to Atlanta and Calhoun
to read selected portions of Mohawk's independent auditor's working papers.
Also on November 7 and 8, 2001, Mohawk's accounting and tax advisors traveled
to Dallas to read selected portions of Dal-Tile's independent auditor's working
papers. On November 6, 2001, Mohawk retained Mexican legal counsel to begin a
due diligence review of Dal-Tile's Mexican subsidiary and its Mexican joint
venture. Mohawk's Mexican legal counsel conducted due diligence at Dal-Tile's
Mexico operations on November 13, 14 and 15, 2001.

   Mohawk submitted a draft merger agreement to Dal-Tile on November 6, 2001,
which proposed merger consideration comprised of a combination of Mohawk common
stock and cash, but did not contain a specific proposal as to the amount of
cash per Dal-Tile share or the exchange ratio to determine the number of shares
of Mohawk common stock per Dal-Tile share. The draft also contained provisions
for (1) reciprocal rights to terminate the merger agreement based on the
average closing price of Mohawk common stock during a period shortly before the
merger was completed, (2) the conversion of existing options to acquire
Dal-Tile common stock into cash and Mohawk stock options equal to the merger
consideration, (3) permitting Dal-Tile to designate an unspecified number of
persons to serve on the Mohawk board, (4) a Mohawk option to acquire shares of
Dal-Tile common stock, (5) voting agreements to support the merger from certain
holders of Dal-Tile common stock, (6) a termination fee, and (7) the
reimbursement of Mohawk's expenses incurred in connection with the merger, if
Dal-Tile's stockholders failed to approve the proposed merger. In a series of
telephone conversations between Mr. Swift and Mr. Wellborn on November 6 and 7,
2001, Mohawk proposed that Dal-Tile stockholders would receive $11 in cash and
 .2414 of a share of Mohawk common stock ($11 in value based on the October 29
closing price of $45.56) for each share of Dal-Tile common stock and that the
parties would have the right to terminate the agreement if the average closing
price of Mohawk common stock was above $53.00 or below $38.00 for a twenty
trading day period ending shortly prior to the closing. Mohawk also proposed
that Dal-Tile grant Mohawk an option to acquire 19.9% of the Dal-Tile common
stock and a termination fee of $50 million and that Dal-Tile board members and
senior management enter into voting agreements to support the merger and grant
Mohawk options to acquire their Dal-Tile common stock and options.

   On November 7, 2001, the Mohawk board of directors held a special telephonic
meeting with all directors attending. Mr. Lorberbaum discussed the progress of
discussions with Dal-Tile, reviewed the preliminary results of Mohawk's due
diligence review and explained the price structure and other terms for a merger
proposed by Mohawk. The board discussed a proposal for merger consideration
equal to $22.00 per share of Dal-Tile common stock to be comprised of 50%
Mohawk common stock valued at $45.56 per share and 50% cash. Under this
proposal, the Dal-Tile stockholders would receive $11 in cash and .2414 of a
share of Mohawk common stock for each share of Dal-Tile common stock, and the
parties would have a right to terminate the agreement if the average closing
price of Mohawk common stock was above $53.00 or below $38.00 for a 20 trading
day period ending prior to the closing. Other terms of the proposal included
the right by Dal-Tile to designate two persons to serve on the Mohawk board, an
option for Mohawk to acquire 19.9% of the Dal-Tile common stock, voting
agreements and options to support the merger from Dal-Tile senior management
and board members, a termination fee of $50 million and the conversion of
existing options to acquire Dal-Tile common stock into cash and Mohawk stock
options equal to the merger consideration. The board discussed the initial
dilution of Mohawk earnings per share and the opportunities for accretion
through potential synergies. The board and Mr. Swift discussed sources of
financing for the cash portion of the merger consideration, including Mohawk's
current debt facilities, a potential privately placed bridge loan and public
debt. The board discussed Dal-Tile management and a plan for integration of the
businesses. The board authorized the management to proceed with negotiations. A
schedule for negotiating the merger agreement and financing was discussed, and
the board tentatively scheduled a board meeting for November 26, 2001 to review
and consider the merger and the merger agreement.

   On November 8, 2001, Mohawk and Dal-Tile held a telephone conference with
their respective legal counsel and financial advisors to address Mohawk's
proposal and Dal-Tile's primary issues. Dal-Tile proposed to

Mohawk a fixed exchange ratio for the stock component of the merger
consideration of .2414 of a share of Mohawk common stock if the Mohawk average
closing price was between $41.00 and $50.12, and outside of that range a ratio
that adjusted so that Dal-Tile stockholders would receive a fraction of a share
of Mohawk common stock having a value equal to $9.90 if the average closing
price was below $41.00 and equal to $12.10 if the average closing price was
above $50.12. Additionally, Dal-Tile proposed a termination fee of $30 million
and that voting agreements to support the merger be obtained from Dal-Tile
senior management and board members and from entities controlled by the
Lorberbaum family, the largest stockholders in Mohawk. Dal-Tile also indicated
that it was not willing to grant Mohawk options to acquire any of its common
stock or to require as a part of the transaction that any of its management
team grant Mohawk any rights to acquire shares or options held by such
executives or enter into similar arrangements regarding their equity interests
in Dal-Tile. Mohawk responded by suggesting a termination fee of $60 million.
Dal-Tile also proposed that one-half of Dal-Tile stock options be cashed out
for two times $11 less their respective exercise prices, allocated pro-rata
among grants of options having different exercise prices and that the remaining
one-half be converted into options exercisable solely for Mohawk common stock
at a conversion rate equal to two times the exchange ratio. Finally, Dal-Tile
indicated that it was unwilling to reimburse Mohawk for Mohawk's expenses in
the event that Dal-Tile's stockholders failed to approve the proposed merger.
After discussion of Dal-Tile's proposals, the parties held internal discussions.

   In a series of telephone calls on November 8 and 9, 2001, representatives of
Mohawk and Dal-Tile and their respective legal and financial advisors attempted
to resolve these primary outstanding issues in anticipation of the plant visits
and management presentations that were scheduled to begin on Sunday, November
11. The primary issue discussed was the structure of the exchange ratio,
specifically whether there would be reciprocal termination rights if the
average closing price of Mohawk common stock is greater or less than specified
amounts as proposed by Mohawk in the November 6, 2001 draft of the merger
agreement and in the telephone conversations on November 6 and 7, 2001. Fixing
the exchange ratio if the average closing price of Mohawk common stock is
greater or less than specified amounts was proposed by Mohawk as an alternative
to reciprocal termination rights. Voting agreements, rights of termination
under various circumstances and the amount of the termination fee were also
discussed without reaching agreement. Dal-Tile's proposal as to treatment of
Dal-Tile stock options, how to deal with third party consents and termination
of Dal-Tile's employee stock purchase plan were also discussed.

   On November 9, 2001, representatives of Mohawk and Dal-Tile agreed to
Dal-Tile's proposal of a floating exchange ratio outside a range of average
closing prices of Mohawk common stock from $41.00 to $50.12 per share, but with
the exchange ratio becoming fixed again at .2213 of a share of Mohawk common
stock if the average closing price of Mohawk common stock is greater than
$54.67 per share and at .2716 of a share of Mohawk common stock if the average
closing price of Mohawk common stock is less than $36.45 per share. Although
the parties did not reach agreement with respect to voting agreements, rights
of termination under various circumstances and the amount of the termination
fee, it was decided that sufficient progress had been made to justify
proceeding with the plant visits and management presentations as scheduled on
November 11, 2001.

   On November 9, 2001, the Dal-Tile board held a telephonic meeting to receive
an update from Dal-Tile senior management and its legal and financial advisors
on the status of the merger agreement negotiations. All of the Dal-Tile
directors except Mr. Danforth participated in the meeting. Dal-Tile's legal
counsel reviewed with the board the results of its due diligence. Also at this
meeting, Dal-Tile's financial advisor reviewed with the board the structure of
the stock components of the merger consideration that Dal-Tile had proposed to
Mohawk.

   From November 11 through November 13, 2001, senior management of Mohawk and
Dal-Tile, together with representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston and
Wachovia Securities, traveled together to inspect their respective
manufacturing facilities in Texas, Mexico and Georgia and discuss the
respective companies' operations. At the direction of Dal-Tile, Dal-Tile's
financial advisor met with Mohawk's senior management in Calhoun, Georgia to
obtain additional information about Mohawk's business and financial position.

   In a series of conference calls between November 9 and November 15, 2001,
the senior management, legal counsel and financial advisors of both companies
continued negotiations of the terms of the merger agreement, the voting
agreements and other ancillary documents.

   On November 15, 2001, Dal-Tile's board held a telephonic board meeting at
which all directors were present to receive an update on the progress of the
negotiations with Mohawk. The Dal-Tile senior management reported that the
parties agreed upon a $45 million termination fee. Dal-Tile senior management
also reported that it received a copy of the draft commitment letter Mohawk
received from First Union Investors, Inc. and SunTrust Bank and informed the
board of directors that senior management was working with Mohawk to strengthen
the terms of the commitment letter. Dal-Tile board members indicated to senior
management that they wished to see a strong commitment from Mohawk's lenders
prior to proceeding with the transaction. At the conclusion of the meeting, the
Dal-Tile board agreed to meet in Dallas on November 17, 2001, in order to
entertain a full presentation of the terms of the proposed transaction by
Dal-Tile's senior management, its legal counsel, financial advisor and
accountants. Because Dal-Tile and Mohawk anticipated that the merger agreement
would be ready for execution on November 19, 2001, the Dal-Tile board
tentatively agreed that it would schedule a telephonic board meeting for
November 19, 2001 to review and vote to approve the merger and the merger
agreement.

   On November 17, 2001, the Dal-Tile board held a special meeting at
Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport in Texas at which all directors were
present and it discussed in detail with its senior management, legal counsel
and financial advisor the terms of the proposed merger agreement and related
documents and with its accounting and tax advisors, the results of their
procedures. Subsequently, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed with the board its financial analysis of the proposed merger
consideration. Dal-Tile's legal counsel advised the board of its fiduciary
duties and obligations in considering the proposed transaction, updated the
board with respect to the remaining issues to be resolved in connection with
the merger agreement and described proposed resolutions that it recommended to
the Dal-Tile board.

   A special telephonic meeting of the board of directors of Mohawk was held at
3:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on November 19, 2001. All directors were
present. The meeting began with an explanation by a representative of Alston &
Bird LLP of the fiduciary duties of directors relating to the approval of a
transaction such as the acquisition of Dal-Tile to be considered at the
meeting. Mr. Lorberbaum and Mr. Swift then outlined the proposed acquisition,
including the structure of the merger consideration, and the strategic
opportunities it would present to Mohawk. They reviewed and explained the
principal terms of the proposed transaction, its financial impact on Mohawk and
the terms of commitments for financing the transaction obtained from First
Union Investors, Inc., Goldman Sachs Credit Partners, L.P. and SunTrust Bank.
The terms of the proposed merger agreement were reviewed and discussed. At this
meeting, Wachovia Securities delivered to the board its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed in writing, dated November 19, 2001, to the effect that
the merger consideration to be paid and stock option and cash payments to be
made to holders of Dal-Tile stock options by Mohawk was fair, from a financial
point of view, to Mohawk. After further deliberation and discussion, the board
unanimously approved the merger and related transactions and agreements and
instructed the management of Mohawk and legal counsel to finalize and execute
the merger agreement and related agreements on behalf of Mohawk. The board also
unanimously voted to recommend that the Mohawk stockholders approve the
issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger. In addition, the board unanimously
approved the financing for the transaction and authorized Mohawk to enter into,
borrow under and perform all obligations under the financing documents.

   On November 19, 2001, beginning at 4:30 p.m. Central Standard Time, the
Dal-Tile board held a telephonic meeting at which all directors were present
and during which management and legal counsel updated the board regarding the
resolution of the remaining issues with respect to the merger agreement. Also
at this meeting, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the board an oral
opinion which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated
November 19, 2001, to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based
upon and subject to the matters described in the opinion, the merger
consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
Dal-Tile common stock. After further deliberation and discussion, the board
unanimously

approved the merger agreement and related transactions and instructed
Dal-Tile's senior management to finalize and execute the merger agreement and
related agreements on behalf of Dal-Tile. Additionally, the board unanimously
voted to recommend that the Dal-Tile common stockholders adopt the merger
agreement with Mohawk.

   Subsequent to the Mohawk and Dal-Tile telephonic board meetings, on the
evening of November 19, 2001, Mohawk and Dal-Tile executed the merger agreement
and the various related agreements. The transaction was announced prior to the
commencement of trading on November 20, 2001.

Recommendation of the Mohawk Board and Reasons for the Merger

   Mohawk's board of directors voted unanimously to approve and adopt the
merger agreement and determined that the merger agreement and the merger are
advisable, fair to and in the best interest of Mohawk and its stockholders.
ACCORDINGLY, THE MOHAWK BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT MOHAWK STOCKHOLDERS
VOTE TO APPROVE THE ISSUANCE OF MOHAWK SHARES IN THE MERGER.

   In reaching its decision to recommend the issuance of shares in the merger,
Mohawk's board concluded that combining Dal-Tile's ceramic tile business with
Mohawk's existing carpet and rug business provides a unique opportunity to help
Mohawk achieve its strategic goal of becoming one of the world's leading
floorcovering manufacturers and distributors. The Mohawk board believes that
because of this, the merger provides an opportunity for achieving enhanced
financial performance and increasing stockholder value.

   In concluding that the merger of Mohawk and Dal-Tile is in the best interest
of Mohawk and its stockholders, the Mohawk board consulted with senior members
of Mohawk management regarding the strategic and operational aspects of the
merger and the satisfactory results of due diligence efforts undertaken by
management. In addition, the Mohawk board consulted with Wachovia Securities
about the fairness to Mohawk, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration to be paid together with the stock option and cash payments to be
made to holders of outstanding Dal-Tile options by Mohawk in the merger. The
board of directors also consulted with Alston & Bird LLP, legal counsel to
Mohawk, regarding the duties of the members of the board of directors, legal
due diligence matters and the terms of the merger agreement and related
agreements. In concluding that the merger and the issuance of shares is in the
best interest of Mohawk and fair to Mohawk and its stockholders, the Mohawk
board considered, among other things, the following factors that supported its
decision to approve the merger and recommend that Mohawk stockholders vote to
approve the issuance of Mohawk shares in the merger:

    .  the ability to combine Mohawk's current efforts in the hard-flooring
       business with Dal-Tile's larger, more established ceramic tile and
       natural stone business;

    .  the opportunity to use Mohawk and Dal-Tile's existing customer
       relationships to increase sales of both carpets and hard floorcoverings;

    .  the opportunity to further develop Mohawk's various brands and increase
       sales by distributing its products through Dal-Tile's distribution
       network;

    .  the potential to reduce overhead and other costs by adding Dal-Tile's
       distribution network to Mohawk's logistical and distribution system;

    .  the potential to reduce manufacturing costs and increase quality by
       identifying manufacturing best practices from Dal-Tile's operations and
       applying them to Mohawk's manufacturing operations and vice-versa;

    .  the potential to reduce general administrative, overhead and other
       miscellaneous costs by spreading fixed costs over a larger business;

    .  reports from management and counsel regarding the satisfactory results
       of their due diligence investigation of Dal-Tile;

    .  the terms of the merger agreement and the structure of the merger,
       including the conditions of each party's obligations to complete the
       merger;

    .  the merger agreement's prohibition against Dal-Tile soliciting another
       acquisition, and the agreement by Dal-Tile to pay Mohawk a termination
       fee of $45 million under circumstances in which Dal-Tile enters into an
       acquisition agreement or closes an acquisition with another party within
       twelve months of the termination of the merger agreement or the Dal-Tile
       board of directors changes or withdraws its recommendation that the
       Dal-Tile stockholders vote in favor of the merger;

    .  the ability of Mohawk and Dal-Tile to complete the merger, including
       their ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals and their
       obligations to attempt to obtain those approvals;

    .  the terms of the binding commitment letter received by Mohawk to finance
       a portion of the cash merger consideration; and

    .  Wachovia Securities' financial analyses and presentation to the board,
       and the opinion of Wachovia Securities to the board, dated November 19,
       2001, as to the fairness to Mohawk, from a financial point of view, of
       the merger consideration to be paid, together with the stock option and
       cash payments to be made to holders of outstanding Dal-Tile options, by
       Mohawk in the merger.

   The Mohawk board also considered the potential adverse consequences of other
factors including:

    .  the increased level of indebtedness that Mohawk would have to incur in
       order to finance the merger and repay Dal-Tile's existing indebtedness;

    .  the risk that benefits sought in the merger would not be obtained;

    .  the risk that the merger would not be completed;

    .  the effect of the public announcement of the merger on Mohawk's customer
       relations, operating results and ability to retain employees, and the
       trading price of Mohawk common stock;

    .  the substantial management time and effort that will be required to
       consummate the merger and integrate the operations of the two companies;
       and

    .  other risks described in this joint proxy statement-prospectus under
       "Risk Factors."

In the judgment of the Mohawk board of directors, the potential benefits of the
merger substantially outweighed the risks inherent in the merger.

   The foregoing discussion of factors considered by the Mohawk board is not
exhaustive, but Mohawk believes it includes the material factors considered by
the Mohawk board. The Mohawk board did not quantify or otherwise attempt to
assign relative weights to the specific factors the Mohawk board considered in
reaching its determination to recommend the issuance of Mohawk shares in the
merger. Rather, the Mohawk board viewed its position and recommendation as
being based on the total information presented to and considered by the Mohawk
board.

Recommendation of the Dal-Tile Board and Reasons for the Merger

   THE DAL-TILE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT DAL-TILE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

   The Dal-Tile board believes that the terms of the merger agreement and the
merger are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Dal-Tile and its
stockholders. Accordingly, the members of the Dal-Tile board have unanimously
approved the merger agreement and the merger, and the Dal-Tile board recommends
that Dal-Tile stockholders approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve
the merger. In reaching its determination to

recommend the merger agreement, the board considered a number of factors,
including the following material factors:

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered the value of the consideration to be
       received by Dal-Tile stockholders in the merger. The board considered
       the historical market prices and trading information for the common
       stock of Dal-Tile and Mohawk, the price per share offered by Mohawk, the
       certainty of value provided by the cash portion of the merger
       consideration, and the opportunity for Dal-Tile stockholders to
       participate, as holders of Mohawk common stock, in a larger, more
       diversified floorcovering company, including participating in the value
       that may be generated through the combination of the two companies.

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered that the per share merger consideration
       represented a significant premium over the market prices at which
       Dal-Tile common stock had previously traded, including the fact that the
       targeted merger consideration of $22.00 represented a 31.3% premium over
       the closing price on November 19, 2001, the last full trading day before
       the announcement of the merger.

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered information concerning Dal-Tile's
       financial performance, financial condition, business operations and
       prospects, including Dal-Tile's recent revenue and earnings growth and
       its decreasing level of indebtedness. The board considered the
       possibility that continuing to operate Dal-Tile as an independent public
       company might not in the foreseeable future lead to a trading price for
       Dal-Tile common stock having a higher present value than the merger
       consideration.

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered the terms and conditions of the merger and
       related agreements, including:

       -  the amount and form of consideration to be received by Dal-Tile
          stockholders;

       -  the voting agreements;

       -  the restrictions relating to solicitation of third party proposals
          and the board's ability to consider and accept an unsolicited
          superior acquisition proposal;

       -  the termination provisions, including that Dal-Tile has no right to
          terminate the merger agreement if the average trading price of Mohawk
          common stock decreases to a level at which there is no adjustment to
          the exchange ratio; and

       -  the size, nature and events that would trigger the payment of the $45
          million termination fee under the merger agreement, and the impact
          that the termination fee provision and the provisions limiting
          Dal-Tile from soliciting or encouraging alternative proposals could
          have on the likelihood that a third party would make a competing
          offer to acquire Dal-Tile.

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered the financial condition, cash flows and
       results of operations of Mohawk, on both a historical and prospective
       basis, and the historical market prices and trading information with
       respect to Mohawk common stock.

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered the terms of the binding commitment letter
       received by Mohawk to finance a portion of the cash merger consideration.

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered the consents and approvals required to
       consummate the merger, including regulatory clearance under the HSR Act
       and foreign competition laws, and the prospects for receiving those
       consents and approvals.

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered that Dal-Tile stockholders would benefit
       from the combined company's ability to take advantage of various
       synergies to increase revenues and cash flow of the combined company,
       including selling Dal-Tile products through the Mohawk distribution
       system, using Mohawk's transportation system to deliver Dal-Tile
       products, combining warehouses, systems and back room operations, and
       leveraging customer relationships across the carpet and ceramic tile
       industries.

    .  The Dal-Tile board considered the financial presentation of Credit
       Suisse First Boston to the Dal-Tile board, including its opinion as to
       the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
       consideration to be received by the holders of Dal-Tile common stock, as
       described below under the caption "The Merger--Opinion of Dal-Tile's
       Financial Advisor."

   The Dal-Tile board also considered, among other factors:

    .  the risk that benefits sought in the merger would not be obtained;

    .  the risk that the merger would not be completed;

    .  the nature and extent of the interests of Dal-Tile executive management
       and certain stockholders in the transaction that were different from or
       in addition to the interests of the stockholders in general;

    .  the effect of the public announcement of the merger on Dal-Tile's
       customer relations, operating results and ability to retain employees,
       and the trading price of Dal-Tile common stock;

    .  the substantial management time and effort that will be required to
       consummate the merger and integrate the operations of the two companies;
       and

    .  other risks described in this joint proxy statement-prospectus under
       "Risk Factors."

   In the judgment of the Dal-Tile board of directors, the potential benefits
of the merger substantially outweighed the risks inherent in the merger.

   In its deliberations with respect to the merger and the merger agreement,
the Dal-Tile board consulted with Dal-Tile's management and the financial,
legal and accounting advisors to Dal-Tile. The foregoing discussion of factors
considered by the Dal-Tile board is not exhaustive, but Dal-Tile believes it
includes the material factors considered by the Dal-Tile board. The Dal-Tile
board did not quantify or otherwise attempt to assign relative weights to the
specific factors the Dal-Tile board considered in reaching its determination to
recommend the merger. Rather, the Dal-Tile board viewed its position and
recommendation as being based on the total information presented to and
considered by the Dal-Tile board.

Opinion of Mohawk's Financial Advisor

   Mohawk retained First Union Securities, Inc., trading under the name
Wachovia Securities ("Wachovia Securities"), to act as its financial advisor in
connection with the merger. On November 19, 2001, Mohawk's board of directors
held a meeting, in which Wachovia Securities participated, to evaluate the
proposed merger. At that meeting, Wachovia Securities rendered its oral opinion
that, as of that date and based upon and subject to factors and assumptions set
forth in its opinion, the merger consideration to be paid together with the
stock option and cash payments to be made to holders of outstanding Dal-Tile
options by Mohawk pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial
point of view, to Mohawk. This opinion was subsequently confirmed in writing.
In determining the value of the merger consideration for purposes of its
analysis, Wachovia Securities assumed that each outstanding share of Dal-Tile
common stock (other than certain excluded shares specified in the merger
agreement) would be converted into the right to receive from Mohawk (i) a cash
payment in the amount of $11.00 (less any required withholding of taxes) and
(ii) (A) .2213 of a share of Mohawk common stock if the average closing price
is greater than $54.67 per share; or (B) that fraction of a share of Mohawk
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing $12.10 by the average
closing price, if the average closing price is greater than $50.12 and less
than or equal to $54.67; or (C) .2414 of a share of Mohawk common stock, if the
average closing price is equal to or greater than $41.00 per share and less
than or equal to $50.12 per share; or (D) that fraction of a share of Mohawk
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing $9.90 by the average
closing price, if the average closing price is less than $41.00 and greater
than or equal to $36.45; or (E) .2716 of a share of Mohawk common stock if the
average closing price is less than $36.45 per share.

   The full text of Wachovia Securities' opinion, which describes, among other
things, the assumptions made, matters considered, and qualifications and
limitations on the review undertaken by Wachovia Securities, is attached as
Annex D to this joint proxy statement-prospectus and is incorporated in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus by reference. Wachovia Securities' opinion is
directed to the Mohawk board of directors and addresses only the fairness to
Mohawk, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to be paid

together with the stock option and cash payments to be made to holders of
outstanding Dal-Tile options by Mohawk pursuant to the merger agreement. The
opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger or any related
transaction, nor does it constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to
how to vote on the issuance of shares in the merger or any other matter related
thereto. Mohawk stockholders are urged to, and should, read Wachovia
Securities' opinion carefully and in its entirety.

   In arriving at its opinion, Wachovia Securities, among other things:

    .  reviewed the merger agreement, including the financial terms of the
       merger;

    .  reviewed certain business, financial and other information regarding
       Mohawk and Dal-Tile that was publicly available;

    .  reviewed certain business, financial and other information regarding
       Mohawk and its prospects that was furnished to Wachovia Securities by,
       and that Wachovia Securities discussed with, management of Mohawk;

    .  reviewed certain business, financial and other information regarding
       Dal-Tile and its prospects that was furnished to Wachovia Securities by,
       and that Wachovia Securities discussed with, management of Dal-Tile;

    .  reviewed the current and historical market prices of Mohawk common stock
       and Dal-Tile common stock;

    .  compared the publicly available business, financial and other
       information regarding Mohawk and Dal-Tile with similar information
       regarding certain other publicly traded companies that Wachovia
       Securities' deemed to be relevant;

    .  compared the proposed financial terms of the merger with the financial
       terms of certain other business combinations and transactions that
       Wachovia Securities deemed to be relevant;

    .  developed discounted cash flow models of Mohawk and Dal-Tile;

    .  reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger on Mohawk's
       financials;

    .  analyzed the premiums paid for certain other business combinations and
       transactions that Wachovia Securities deemed to be relevant; and

    .  considered other information such as financial studies, analyses and
       investigations, as well as financial, economic and market criteria that
       Wachovia Securities deemed to be relevant.

   In rendering its opinion, Wachovia Securities assumed and relied, without
independent verification, upon the accuracy and completeness of all financial
and other information and data publicly available or furnished to, or otherwise
reviewed or discussed with, it. With respect to financial forecasts, Wachovia
Securities relied on publicly available forecasts and estimates prepared by
Wachovia Securities and other investment banking firms and discussed such
forecasts and estimates, as well as the assumptions upon which they are based,
with management of Mohawk or Dal-Tile, as the case may be. Wachovia Securities
assumed that the estimates and judgments expressed by management of Mohawk or
Dal-Tile in such discussions had been reasonably formulated and that they were
the best available estimates and judgments of management of Mohawk or Dal-Tile
at that time regarding such publicly available forecasts and estimates.
Wachovia Securities assumes no responsibility for and expressed no view as to
any such publicly available forecasts or estimates or the assumptions upon
which they were based. In arriving at its opinion, Wachovia Securities did not
incorporate any conclusions resulting from its limited inspection of certain
Dal-Tile facilities and did not make and was not provided with any evaluations
or appraisals of the assets or liabilities of Mohawk or Dal-Tile.

   For purposes of rendering its opinion, Wachovia Securities assumed that the
merger will be consummated on the terms described in the merger agreement,
without waiver of any material terms or conditions, and that in the course of
obtaining any necessary legal, regulatory or third party consents and/or
approvals, no restrictions will be imposed that will have a material adverse
effect on the merger or other actions contemplated by the merger agreement.
Wachovia Securities' opinion was based upon economic, market, financial and
other conditions and the information made available to Wachovia Securities as
of the date of its opinion. Although developments subsequent to the date of
Wachovia Securities' opinion may affect its opinion, Wachovia Securities does
not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.

   Wachovia Securities' opinion does not address the merits of the underlying
decision by Mohawk to enter into the merger agreement nor does it address the
relative merits of the merger compared with other business strategies that may
have been considered by Mohawk's management and/or board of directors. Wachovia
Securities did not consider, nor did it express any opinion with respect to,
the prices at which Mohawk common stock or Dal-Tile common stock will trade
following the announcement of the merger or the price at which Mohawk common
stock will trade following the consummation of the merger.

   The consideration to be received by the Dal-Tile stockholders in the merger
was determined by arms-length negotiations between Dal-Tile and Mohawk.
Wachovia Securities did not participate in those negotiations.

  Analyses of Wachovia Securities

   In performing its analyses, Wachovia Securities made numerous assumptions
with respect to industry performance, general business, economic, market and
financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of
Wachovia Securities, Mohawk and Dal-Tile. Any estimates contained in the
analyses performed by Wachovia Securities are not necessarily indicative of
actual values or future results, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than suggested by these analyses. Additionally, estimates of the
value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect
the prices at which those businesses or securities might actually be sold.
Accordingly, these analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty. The Wachovia Securities opinion was among several factors taken
into consideration by Mohawk's board of directors in making its determination
to enter into the merger agreement. In addition, Mohawk's board of directors
did not rely on any single analysis in making its determination. Consequently,
the analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative of the
decision of Mohawk's board or management with respect to the merger or the
merger consideration.

   The summary that follows is not a complete description of the analyses
underlying the Wachovia Securities opinion or the presentation made by Wachovia
Securities to Mohawk's board of directors but summarizes the material analyses
performed and presented in connection with its opinion. The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving various determinations
as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances. Therefore, a
fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description.

   In arriving at its opinion, Wachovia Securities did not attribute any
particular weight to any analysis or factor that it considered, but rather made
qualitative judgements as to the significance and relevance of each analysis
and factor. The financial analyses summarized below include information
presented in tabular format. Accordingly, Wachovia Securities believes that its
analyses and the summary of its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on the information
presented below in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors
or the full narrative description of the financial analysis, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and
opinion. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses.

   Comparable Companies Trading Multiples Comparison.  Wachovia Securities
compared financial, operating and stock market data of Mohawk, Dal-Tile and the
following five publicly traded companies in the home furnishings industry:

   The Dixie Group, Inc.
   Furniture Brands International, Inc.
   Interface, Inc.
   La-Z-Boy, Inc.
   Masco Corporation

   For each of the comparable companies, Wachovia Securities calculated, among
other things, the multiples, based on closing stock prices on November 16,
2001, of:

   Adjusted market value to revenue for the company's most recently reported
preceding 12 months ("LTM");
   Adjusted market value to LTM earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization ("EBITDA");
   Adjusted market value to LTM earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT"); and
   Equity market value to LTM net income.

   The multiples for the median multiples for the selected comparable companies
were as follows:

                                   Median
Valuation Metric                  Multiple
- ----------------                  --------

Adjusted market value to revenue.   0.7x
Adjusted market value to EBITDA..   9.5x
Adjusted market value to EBIT....  11.7x
Equity market value to net income  24.6x

   Based on the foregoing median multiples, Wachovia Securities determined a
reference range for an implied value per Mohawk common share of $31.78 to
$77.12 with a median of $57.86, and an implied value per Dal-Tile common share
of $6.83 to $33.89 with a median of $23.15. To calculate the trading multiples
utilized in the analysis of selected comparable publicly traded companies,
Wachovia Securities used publicly available information concerning the
historical financial performance of Mohawk, Dal-Tile and the comparable
companies.

   With regard to the comparable public company analysis summarized above,
Wachovia Securities selected comparable public companies on the basis of
various factors, including the size of the public company and the similarity of
the lines of business. No public company used as a comparison, however, is
identical to Mohawk or Dal-Tile. Accordingly, these analyses are not purely
mathematical, but also involve complex considerations and judgments concerning
the differences in financial and operating characteristics of the comparable
companies and other factors. These considerations and judgments include, but
are not limited to, analyses of relative revenue size, gross margins, EBITDA
margins, EBIT margins, historical growth rates, leverage ratios, book values,
product offerings, distribution channels and equity research coverage. These
factors could affect the public trading value of the comparable companies to
which Mohawk and Dal-Tile are being compared.

   Comparable Transactions Analysis.  Using publicly available information,
Wachovia Securities considered selected transactions in the home furnishings
industry that Wachovia Securities deemed to be relevant. Using publicly
available information, Wachovia Securities considered selected transactions in
the home furnishings industry. The criteria for selecting these transactions
were based on length of time since the closing date, the product offerings of
the target companies, size of the transaction, and the ability to obtain
complete financial information. Specifically, Wachovia Securities reviewed the
following transactions that it deemed to be comparable:

Acquiror                         Target
- --------                         ------

Berkshire Hathaway, Inc.         Shaw Industries, Inc.
The Dixie Group, Inc.            Fabrica International, Inc.
La-Z-Boy Furniture, Inc.         LADD Furniture, Inc.
Illinois Tool Works, Inc.        Premark International, Inc.
Warburg Pincus & Co., LLC        Knoll, Inc.
Collins & Aikman Floorcoverings  Monterey Carpets
Mohawk Industries, Inc.          World Carpets, Inc.
Shaw Industries, Inc.            Queen Carpet Corporation
Armstrong World Industries, Inc. Triangle Pacific Corporation

   Using publicly available information concerning each of the target
companies, Wachovia Securities calculated, based on historical financial
information for the latest reported twelve months immediately preceding the
announcement of each of the respective transactions, the following median
multiples.

                                   Median
Valuation Metric                  Multiple
- ----------------                  --------

Adjusted market value to revenue.   0.9x
Adjusted market value to EBITDA..   7.0x
Adjusted market value to EBIT....   9.7x
Equity market value to net income  13.3x

   Based on the foregoing, Wachovia Securities determined a reference range for
an implied value per Mohawk common share of $41.14 to $48.07 with a median of
$43.46, and an implied value per Dal-Tile common share of $11.33 to $18.67 with
a median of $16.94. No company utilized in the selected comparable

transaction analysis is identical to Mohawk or Dal-Tile, nor is any transaction
identical to the contemplated merger. Therefore, a purely quantitative
comparable transaction analysis would not be dispositive in the context of this
merger and an appropriate use of such analysis involves qualitative judgments
concerning the differences between the characteristics of these transactions
and the merger of Mohawk and Dal-Tile that would affect the value of the target
companies and of Mohawk and Dal-Tile. Such qualitative judgments are reflected
in the Wachovia Securities opinion.

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  Wachovia Securities performed a discounted
cash flow analysis to estimate a range of present values per share of Mohawk
common stock and Dal-Tile common stock, respectively, assuming each such
company continued to operate as a stand-alone entity. Wachovia Securities
determined the range of present values of each company by calculating the sum
of (i) the present value of projected free cash flows of each company over the
five year period 2002 through 2006, and (ii) the present value of the estimated
terminal value of each company in year 2006. In calculating a terminal value
for each company, Wachovia Securities applied multiples of that company's
projected 2006 EBITDA ranging from 7.5x to 9.5x. This range of multiples
represented the current public market values of Mohawk, Dal-Tile, and the
selected comparable public companies. The projected free cash flows and EBITDA
of Mohawk and Dal-Tile used by Wachovia Securities in its analysis was derived
from publicly available forecasts and estimates prepared by Wachovia Securities
and other investment banking firms and discussions of such forecasts and
estimates, as well as the assumptions upon which they were based, with
management of Mohawk or Dal-Tile, as the case may be. The free cash flows and
terminal value for each company were discounted to present value using discount
rates ranging from 9.88% to 11.88%. Wachovia Securities viewed this range of
discount rates as appropriate for companies with the risk characteristics of
Mohawk and Dal-Tile.

   Based on the foregoing, Wachovia Securities determined a reference range for
an implied value per Mohawk common share of $44.74 to $60.40, and an implied
value per Dal-Tile common share of $19.56 to $27.02. The discounted cash flow
analyses of Mohawk and Dal-Tile do not necessarily indicate actual values or
actual future results and do not purport to reflect the prices at which any
securities may trade at the present or at any time in the future. The range of
discount rates applied to Mohawk and Dal-Tile referred to in the above
paragraphs were based on several factors, including Wachovia Securities'
knowledge of each of Mohawk and Dal-Tile and the industry in which they
operate, the business risk of each company, and the overall interest rate
environment as of November 19, 2001. Discounted cash flow analysis is a widely
used valuation methodology, but the results of this methodology are highly
dependent on the numerous assumptions that must be made, including earnings
growth rates, terminal values, and discount rates.

   Leveraged Buyout Analysis.  Using the same financial projections employed in
its discounted cash flow analyses described above, Wachovia Securities
performed leveraged buyout analyses for Mohawk and Dal-Tile, respectively. In
both such analyses, Wachovia Securities assumed that a financial sponsor
investing in Mohawk or Dal-Tile would expect a 25% annual internal rate of
return for five years on its invested equity and that a subordinated debt
holder would expect a 10% annual internal rate of return for five years on its
investment. Wachovia Securities also assumed that the leveraged buyout of
Mohawk or Dal-Tile could be financed with senior debt (at a 7% interest rate)
and subordinated debt of 2.5x and 1.5x the LTM EBITDA of each such company,
respectively.

   Based on the foregoing, Wachovia Securities determined an implied value per
Mohawk common share of $31.27 (a plus-or-minus 15% reference range of $35.96 to
$26.58), and an implied value per Dal-Tile common share of $19.00 (a
plus-or-minus 15% reference range of $21.85 to $16.15). The leveraged buyout
analyses of Mohawk and Dal-Tile do not necessarily indicate actual values or
actual future results and do not purport to reflect the prices at which any
securities may trade at the present or at any time in the future. The expected
annual internal rates of return and leverage ratios referred to in the above
paragraph were based on several factors, including Wachovia Securities'
knowledge of each of Mohawk and Dal-Tile and the industry in which they
operate, the business risk of each company, and the overall lending and private
equity markets as of November 19, 2001. The results of this methodology are
highly dependent on the numerous assumptions that must be made, including
earnings growth rates, expected internal rates of return, and leverage ratios.

   Premiums Paid Analysis.  Wachovia Securities prepared its premiums paid
analysis by multiplying Dal-Tile's historical closing stock price by the median
premium paid in all 109 transactions involving U.S. targets

announced between January 1, 2000 and November 16, 2001 with enterprise values
between $1 billion and $5 billion. For Dal-Tile and each of the 109 U.S.
targets, Wachovia Securities determined the premium paid by comparing the
merger consideration offered to Dal-Tile and each of the 109 U.S. targets with
the closing stock price of each such company one day, one week, and four weeks
prior to the announcement date of each transaction, respectively. For purposes
of its premiums paid analysis, Wachovia Securities assumed that the merger
would be announced on November 19, 2001.

Premium to:                      Median
- -----------                      ------

One Day Prior to Announcement... 27.1%
One Week Prior to Announcement.. 31.7%
Four Weeks Prior to Announcement 41.3%

   Based on the foregoing, Wachovia Securities determined a reference range for
an implied value per Dal-Tile common share of $21.48 to $22.70. No target
company utilized in the premiums paid analysis is identical to Dal-Tile, nor is
any transaction identical to the contemplated merger. Therefore, a purely
quantitative premiums paid analysis would not be dispositive in the context of
this merger and an appropriate use of such analysis involves qualitative
judgments concerning the differences between the characteristics of these
transactions and the merger of Mohawk and Dal-Tile that would affect the value
of the target companies and of Mohawk and Dal-Tile. Such qualitative judgments
are reflected in the Wachovia Securities opinion.

   Pro Forma Financial Impact.  Based on the exchange ratio proposed as part of
the merger consideration, Wachovia Securities analyzed the pro forma financial
impact of the merger on Mohawk's GAAP earnings per share. For purposes of this
analysis, Wachovia Securities assumed the effectiveness of certain anticipated
modifications to GAAP that are expected to take effect at the end of 2001. The
anticipated modifications to GAAP assume that all new and existing goodwill
will cease being amortized and instead be reviewed for impairment when an event
or series of events occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired. Wachovia
Securities also analyzed the pro forma financial impact of the merger on EBITDA
per share, cash earnings per share, EBIT to interest expense coverage ratios,
and net debt to total capitalization ratios.

   This analysis was based on the projected financial performance of Mohawk and
Dal-Tile for 2001 and 2002 and was derived from publicly available forecasts
and estimates prepared by Wachovia Securities and other investment banking
firms and discussions of such forecasts and estimates, as well as the
assumptions upon which they were based, with management of Mohawk or Dal-Tile,
as the case may be. Wachovia Securities also based its analysis on discussions
with management of Mohawk and Dal-Tile regarding their assumptions relating to
the estimated fair market value purchase accounting adjustments to the tangible
and intangible assets of Dal-Tile and the goodwill they expected to result from
the merger. While Wachovia Securities assumed the merger would not result in
any synergies, Wachovia Securities also prepared an analysis of the pro forma
financial impact of the merger on Mohawk's GAAP earnings per share assuming the
full possible range of exchange ratios set forth in the proposed merger
consideration and assuming estimated synergies ranging from $0 to $50 million
per year. Based on the foregoing, Wachovia Securities determined that the
merger would be accretive to Mohawk's pro forma projected 2001 and 2002
financial results under each of the contemplated scenarios.

  Miscellaneous

   Mohawk retained Wachovia Securities based upon its experience and expertise.
Wachovia Securities is a nationally recognized investment banking and advisory
firm. As part of its investment banking business, Wachovia Securities is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers, acquisitions, tender offers, divestitures, leveraged buyouts,
negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, and private placements.

   Wachovia Securities is a trade name of First Union Securities, Inc., an
investment banking subsidiary and affiliate of Wachovia Corporation. In the
ordinary course of its business, Wachovia Securities or one of its affiliates
may actively trade or hold the securities of Mohawk or Dal-Tile for its own
account and/or the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in such securities. Wachovia Securities does not
hold any of these shares as principal, which means that the voting and
disposition power generally is held by the retail owner of the shares. In
addition, Wachovia Securities and its affiliates (including

Wachovia Corporation and its affiliates) currently have certain relationships
with Mohawk and Dal-Tile, including a $75 million commitment as a lender under
and Co-Documentation Agent for Dal-Tile's $400 million syndicated credit
facility. An affiliate of Wachovia Securities, together with two other
financial institutions, has entered into a commitment letter with Mohawk with
respect to financing the merger. These financial institutions have agreed, on
the terms and subject to conditions in the commitment letter, to provide to
Mohawk a 364-day term loan facility of up to $700 million. See "--Financing."

   Pursuant to a letter agreement between Mohawk and Wachovia Securities dated
November 16, 2001, Mohawk agreed to pay, and subsequently did pay, Wachovia
Securities customary fees for its financial advisory services in rendering its
opinion. Mohawk also agreed, among other things, to reimburse Wachovia
Securities for certain expenses incurred in connection with the services
provided by Wachovia Securities, and to indemnify Wachovia Securities and its
affiliates from and against certain liabilities and expenses, which may include
certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, in connection with its
engagement. During the past two years, Wachovia Securities and its affiliates
have received total fees of $3.5 million from Mohawk related to the following
services, including rendering the fairness opinion on the merger: capital
management, securitization programs, treasury services, trust services, M&A
advisory services and bridge financing.

Opinion of Dal-Tile's Financial Advisor

   Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Dal-Tile's exclusive financial
advisor in connection with the merger. Dal-Tile selected Credit Suisse First
Boston based on Credit Suisse First Boston's experience, expertise and
reputation, and its familiarity with Dal-Tile and its business. Credit Suisse
First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking firm and is
regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings,
competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes.

   In connection with Credit Suisse First Boston's engagement, Dal-Tile
requested that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of Dal-Tile common stock of the merger
consideration provided for in the merger. On November 19, 2001, at a meeting of
the Dal-Tile board of directors held to evaluate the merger, Credit Suisse
First Boston rendered to the Dal-Tile board of directors an oral opinion, which
opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated November 19, 2001,
to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to the matters
described in its opinion, the merger consideration was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Dal-Tile common stock.

   The full text of Credit Suisse First Boston's written opinion, dated
November 19, 2001, to the Dal-Tile board of directors, which sets forth the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on
the review undertaken, is attached as Annex E and is incorporated into this
joint proxy statement-prospectus by reference. Holders of Dal-Tile common stock
are encouraged to read this opinion carefully and in its entirety. Credit
Suisse First Boston's opinion is addressed to the Dal-Tile board of directors
and relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration, does not address any other aspect of the proposed merger or any
related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder
as to any matter relating to the merger. The summary of Credit Suisse First
Boston's opinion in this joint proxy statement-prospectus is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

   In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the merger
agreement and related documents, as well as publicly available business and
financial information relating to Dal-Tile and Mohawk. Credit Suisse First
Boston also reviewed other information relating to Dal-Tile and Mohawk provided
to or discussed with Credit Suisse First Boston by Dal-Tile and Mohawk,
including publicly available financial forecasts relating to Dal-Tile and
Mohawk, and met with the managements of Dal-Tile and Mohawk to discuss the
businesses and prospects of Dal-Tile and Mohawk. Credit Suisse First Boston
considered financial and stock market data of

Dal-Tile and Mohawk, and compared those data with similar data for other
publicly held companies in businesses similar to Dal-Tile and Mohawk, and
considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of other
business combinations and other transactions announced or effected. Credit
Suisse First Boston also considered other information, financial studies,
analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria that it
deemed relevant.

   In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume any
responsibility for independent verification of any of the information that it
reviewed or considered and relied on that information being complete and
accurate in all material respects. With respect to the publicly available
financial forecasts relating to Dal-Tile and Mohawk, Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed and discussed the forecasts with the managements of Dal-Tile and
Mohawk, including adjustments to the forecasts, and was advised, and assumed,
that the forecasts, including the adjustments, represented reasonable estimates
and judgments as to the future financial performance of Dal-Tile and Mohawk. In
addition, Credit Suisse First Boston assumed, with Dal-Tile's consent, that in
the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory and third party approvals and
consents for the proposed merger, no modification, condition, restriction,
limitation or delay would be imposed that would have a material adverse effect
on Dal-Tile or Mohawk or the contemplated benefits of the proposed merger.
Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and did not, make an
independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities, contingent or
otherwise, of Dal-Tile or Mohawk, and Credit Suisse First Boston was not
furnished with any evaluations or appraisals.

   Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion was necessarily based on information
available to it, and financial, economic, market and other conditions as they
existed and could be evaluated, on the date of Credit Suisse First Boston's
opinion. Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to what the
value of Mohawk common stock actually would be when issued in the merger or the
prices at which Mohawk common stock would trade at any time after the merger.
Although Credit Suisse First Boston evaluated the merger consideration from a
financial point of view, Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and
did not, recommend the specific consideration payable in the merger, which
consideration was determined between Dal-Tile and Mohawk. In connection with
its engagement, Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and did not,
solicit third party indications of interest in the possible acquisition of all
or a part of Dal-Tile. Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion did not address the
relative merits of the merger as compared to other business strategies that
might have been available to Dal-Tile, and also did not address the underlying
business decision of Dal-Tile to proceed with the merger. Except as described
above, Dal-Tile imposed no other limitations on Credit Suisse First Boston with
respect to the investigations made or procedures followed in rendering its
opinion.

   In preparing its opinion to the Dal-Tile board of directors, Credit Suisse
First Boston performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses,
including those described below. The summary of Credit Suisse First Boston's
analyses described below is not a complete description of the analyses
underlying its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and
relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to
the particular circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its
opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston made qualitative judgments as to the
significance and relevance of each analysis and factor that it considered.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors
or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all
analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and
opinion.

   In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry performance,
general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of Dal-Tile and Mohawk. No company,
transaction or business used in Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses as a
comparison is identical to Dal-Tile, Mohawk or the proposed merger, and an
evaluation of the results of those analyses is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning
financial

and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies, business segments
or transactions analyzed. The estimates contained in Credit Suisse First
Boston's analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of
future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than those suggested by the analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the
value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect
the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Accordingly,
Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses and estimates are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty.

   Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion and financial analyses were only one of
many factors considered by the Dal-Tile board of directors in its evaluation of
the proposed merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of
the Dal-Tile board of directors or management with respect to the merger or the
merger consideration.

   The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion dated November 19, 2001 delivered to the
Dal-Tile board of directors in connection with the merger. The financial
analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular format. In
order to fully understand Credit Suisse First Boston's financial analyses, the
tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do
not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. Considering
the data in the tables below without considering the full narrative description
of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions
underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of Credit
Suisse First Boston's financial analyses.

  Introduction

   Credit Suisse First Boston performed a "Discounted Cash Flow Analysis,"
"Comparable Companies Analysis" and "Comparable Acquisitions Analysis" for
Dal-Tile and a "Discounted Cash Flow Analysis," and "Comparable Companies
Analysis" for Mohawk as described below. Based on the valuation methodologies
for Dal-Tile, Credit Suisse First Boston derived the following aggregate
implied per share equity reference ranges for Dal-Tile common stock, as
compared to the merger consideration, assuming $11.00 in cash consideration and
stock consideration resulting from the exchange ratio of 0.2372 based on the
closing price of Mohawk common stock on November 16, 2001 of $51.02:

                                  Aggregate Implied   Implied Merger
                                  Per Share Equity  Consideration as of
                                   Reference Range   November 16, 2001
                                  ----------------- -------------------

           Dal-Tile Common Stock.  $18.25 - $24.75        $23.10

   Based on the valuation methodologies for Mohawk, Credit Suisse First Boston
also derived the following aggregate implied per share equity reference range
for Mohawk common stock, as compared to the closing price of Mohawk common
stock on November 16, 2001:

                                          Mohawk Closing
                        Aggregate Implied Stock Price on
                        Per Share Equity   November 16,
                         Reference Range       2001
                        ----------------- --------------

   Mohawk Common Stock.  $45.50 - $56.50      $51.02

  Dal-Tile

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston estimated the
present value of the stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that
Dal-Tile could generate for the fiscal years 2002 to 2006. Credit Suisse First
Boston performed this analysis based on three scenarios, Dal-Tile base case,
Dal-Tile alternate case I and Dal-Tile alternate case II. Dal-Tile base case
was based on publicly available research analysts' estimates, as

adjusted by the management of Dal-Tile. Dal-Tile alternate case I included
adjustments to Dal-Tile base case to reflect, among other things, the potential
for increased revenue and profitability for Dal-Tile. Dal-Tile alternate case
II included adjustments by the management of Dal-Tile to Dal-Tile base case to
reflect, among other things, the potential for decreased revenue and
profitability for Dal-Tile.

   Credit Suisse First Boston calculated a range of estimated terminal values
for Dal-Tile by applying selected EBITDA multiples ranging from 7.5x to 8.5x to
Dal-Tile's estimated calendar year 2006 earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization, commonly referred to as EBITDA. The estimated
free cash flows and terminal values were then discounted to present value using
selected discount rates ranging from 10.0% to 11.0%.

   This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range for
Dal-Tile of approximately $1,239 million to $1,489 million, based on Dal-Tile
base case, approximately $1,389 million to $1,639 million, based on Dal-Tile
alternate case I, and approximately $1,039 million to $1,289 million, based on
Dal-Tile alternate case II. Using these aggregate equity reference ranges,
Credit Suisse First Boston then derived implied per share equity
reference ranges for Dal-Tile common stock under the Dal-Tile base case,
Dal-Tile alternate case I and Dal-Tile alternate case II. This analysis
indicated the following implied per share equity reference range:

                        Implied Per Share    Implied Per Share Equity   Implied Per Share Equity
                      Equity Reference Range      Reference Range           Reference Range
                        Dal-Tile Base Case   Dal-Tile Alternate Case I Dal-Tile Alternate Case II
                      ---------------------- ------------------------- --------------------------

Dal-Tile Common Stock    $20.00 - $24.00          $22.25 - $26.25           $16.75 - $20.75

   Comparable Companies Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston compared
financial, operating and stock market data of Dal-Tile to corresponding data
for the following 12 publicly traded companies, excluding Dal-Tile, in the
flooring products and other building products industries, which operate in
markets and have businesses and product offerings similar to those of Dal-Tile:

         Flooring Products Companies Other Building Products Companies
         --------------------------- ----------------------------------

           . Dal-Tile                . Black & Decker Corporation
           . Mohawk                  . Elcor Corporation
           . The Dixie Group, Inc.   . Ethan Allen Interiors Inc.
           . Interface, Inc.         . Fortune Brands, Inc.
                                     . Masco Corporation
                                     . Royal Group Technologies Limited
                                     . Sherwin-Williams Company
                                     . The Stanley Works

   Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed enterprise values, calculated as equity
value plus net debt, as multiples of the latest 12 months and estimated
calendar year 2001 revenue, EBITDA and earnings before interest and taxes,
commonly known as EBIT. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed equity values
as multiples of estimated calendar years 2001 and 2002 net income. Credit
Suisse First Boston then applied a range of selected multiples derived from the
selected companies of estimated calendar year 2001 revenue, EBITDA, EBIT and
net income and estimated calendar year 2002 net income to corresponding
financial data of Dal-Tile. All multiples were based on closing stock prices on
November 16, 2001. Estimated financial data for Dal-Tile were based on publicly
available research analysts' estimates, as adjusted by the management of
Dal-Tile, and estimated financial data for the selected companies were based on
publicly available research analysts' estimates. This analysis indicated an
aggregate implied equity reference range for Dal-Tile of approximately $1,039
million to $1,239 million. Using this aggregate equity reference range, Credit
Suisse First Boston then derived implied per share equity reference ranges for
Dal-Tile common stock. This analysis indicated the following implied per share
equity reference range:

                        Implied Per
                       Share Equity
                      Reference Range
                      ---------------

Dal-Tile Common Stock $17.25 - $20.75

   Comparable Acquisitions Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the
implied transaction multiples in 28 selected comparable merger and acquisition
transactions in the flooring products and other building products industries
since February 17, 1998, which transactions involved companies with businesses
and product offerings similar to those of Dal-Tile. Credit Suisse First Boston
compared enterprise values in the selected transactions as multiples of latest
12 months revenue, EBITDA and EBIT. Credit Suisse First Boston also compared
equity values in the selected transactions as multiples of latest 12 months net
income and book value. Credit Suisse First Boston then applied a range of
selected multiples derived from the selected transactions of latest 12 months
revenue, EBITDA, EBIT and net income to corresponding financial data of
Dal-Tile. All multiples for the selected transactions were based on publicly
available information at the time of announcement of the relevant transaction.
Historical financial data for Dal-Tile were based on publicly available filings
of Dal-Tile. This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference
range for Dal-Tile of approximately $1,139 million to $1,539 million. Using
this aggregate equity reference range, Credit Suisse First Boston then derived
implied per share equity reference ranges for Dal-Tile common stock. This
analysis indicated the following implied per share equity reference range:

                        Implied Per
                       Share Equity
                      Reference Range
                      ---------------

Dal-Tile Common Stock $18.25 - $24.75

  Mohawk

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston estimated the
present value of the stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that
Mohawk could generate for the fiscal years 2002 to 2006. Credit Suisse First
Boston performed this analysis based on two scenarios, Mohawk base case and
Mohawk alternate case. Mohawk base case was based on publicly available
research analysts' estimates provided to or discussed with Mohawk's management.
Mohawk alternate case included adjustments to Mohawk base case to reflect,
among other things, the potential for decreased revenue and profitability for
Mohawk.

   Credit Suisse First Boston calculated a range of estimated terminal values
for Mohawk by applying selected EBITDA multiples ranging from 7.0x to 8.0x to
Mohawk's estimated calendar year 2006 EBITDA. The estimated free cash flows and
terminal values were then discounted to present value using selected discount
rates ranging from 10.0% to 11.0%.

   This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range for
Mohawk of approximately $2,742 million to $3,242 million, based on Mohawk base
case, and approximately $2,142 million to $2,542 million, based on Mohawk
alternate case. Using these aggregate equity reference ranges, Credit Suisse
First Boston then derived implied per share equity reference ranges for Mohawk
common stock under both Mohawk base case and the Mohawk alternate case. This
analysis indicated the following implied per share equity reference range:

                                      Implied Per Share Equity Implied Per Share Equity
                                          Reference Range          Reference Range
                                          Mohawk Base Case      Mohawk Alternate Case
                                          ----------------      ---------------------

          Mohawk Common Stock........     $51.00 - $60.25          $39.75 - $47.25

   Comparable Companies Analysis.  Credit Suisse First Boston compared
financial, operating and stock market data of Mohawk to corresponding data for
the 12 publicly traded companies, excluding Mohawk, described above under the
caption "Dal-Tile--Comparable Companies Analysis," which operate in markets and
have businesses and product offerings similar to those of Mohawk. Credit Suisse
First Boston reviewed enterprise values as multiples of the latest 12 months
and estimated calendar year 2001 revenue, EBITDA and EBIT. Credit Suisse First
Boston also reviewed equity values as multiples of estimated calendar years
2001 and 2002 net income. Credit Suisse First Boston then applied a range of
selected multiples derived from the selected companies' estimated calendar year
2001 revenue, EBITDA, EBIT and net income and estimated calendar year 2002 net
income to corresponding financial data of Mohawk. All multiples were based on
closing stock prices on

November 16, 2001. Estimated financial data for Mohawk and the selected
companies were based on publicly available research analysts' estimates. This
analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range for Mohawk of
approximately $2,342 million to $2,842 million. Using this aggregate equity
reference range, Credit Suisse First Boston then derived implied per share
equity reference ranges for Mohawk common stock. This analysis indicated the
following implied per share equity reference range:

                                      Implied Per Share Equity
                                          Reference Range
                                          ---------------

          Mohawk Common Stock........     $44.00 - $53.25

   Other Factors.  In the course of preparing its opinion, Credit Suisse First
Boston also reviewed and considered other information and data, including:

     .   the pro forma effect of the merger on Mohawk's estimated earnings per
         share, assuming no synergies or one-time charges relating to the
         merger or amortization of goodwill, for calendar years 2001 and 2002;

     .   the credit ratings and selected credit statistics for Dal-Tile and
         Mohawk as compared to the corresponding data for selected investment
         grade and high yield comparable companies in the flooring products and
         other building products industries; and

     .   historical price performance and trading characteristics of Mohawk
         common stock.

   Miscellaneous.  Dal-Tile has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston for
its financial advisory services, upon completion of the merger, an aggregate
fee equal to 0.45% of the total consideration, including the assumption of
outstanding debt, payable in connection with the merger. Dal-Tile also has
agreed to reimburse Credit Suisse First Boston for its reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, including reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel and any other
advisor retained by Credit Suisse First Boston, and to indemnify Credit Suisse
First Boston and related parties against liabilities, including liabilities
under the federal securities laws, arising out of its engagement.

   Credit Suisse First Boston acted as lead manager in connection with
Dal-Tile's secondary equity offering in May 2001, for which it received
underwriting fees of approximately $4.3 million and also participated in, and
is currently participating in, a bank credit facility to Dal-Tile, for which
Credit Suisse First Boston has received aggregate fees of approximately
$545,000 since December 1999. Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates in
the past have provided financial services to Mohawk unrelated to the proposed
merger, for which services Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates have
received compensation. In the ordinary course of business, Credit Suisse First
Boston and its affiliates may actively trade the securities of Dal-Tile and
Mohawk for their own accounts and for the accounts of customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold long or short positions in those securities.

Completion of the Merger

   Subject to the conditions to the obligations of the parties to effect the
merger, the merger will be completed on the date and at the time specified in
the certificate of merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware. Unless Mohawk and Dal-Tile agree otherwise, they will use
reasonable efforts to complete the merger on the first business day after the
last to occur of:

    .  the effective date of the last required consent of any regulatory
       authority having authority over the merger; and

    .  the date or dates on which both the stockholders of Dal-Tile and Mohawk
       approve the merger agreement.

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile anticipate that the merger will become effective on or
about       , 2002. However, delays could occur. Mohawk and Dal-Tile cannot
assure you that they will be able to obtain necessary stockholder and
regulatory approvals for the merger or that they will be able to satisfy other
conditions to

completion of the merger. Either Dal-Tile or Mohawk may terminate the merger
agreement if the merger is not completed by May 31, 2002, unless the merger has
not been completed because of the breach of the merger agreement by the party
seeking termination. This date will be extended to July 31, 2002, if the merger
has not been consummated as a result of the failure of the parties to have
received a material required consent of any regulatory authority, or if a court
or governmental or other regulatory authority has enacted legislation or taken
or threatened to take any other action which prohibits or would prohibit the
consummation of the merger. See "--Conditions to Completion of the Merger" and
"--Waiver, Amendment, and Termination."

Distribution of Mohawk Stock Certificates and Cash Payment

   Promptly after the merger is completed, each Dal-Tile stockholder at the
time of completion of the merger will be mailed a letter of transmittal and
instructions for the exchange of the certificates representing shares of
Dal-Tile common stock for certificates representing shares of Mohawk common
stock and the cash payment.

  You should not send in your certificates until you receive a letter of
  transmittal and instructions.

   After you surrender to the exchange agent your certificates for Dal-Tile
common stock with a properly completed letter of transmittal, the exchange
agent will mail you a certificate or certificates representing the number of
shares of Mohawk common stock to which you are entitled and a check for the
cash payment and the cash amount to be paid in lieu of any fractional share, if
any, without interest, together with all undelivered dividends or distributions
in respect of the shares of Mohawk common stock, if any, without interest.
Mohawk will not be obligated to deliver the merger consideration to you, as a
former Dal-Tile stockholder, until you have surrendered your Dal-Tile common
stock certificates.

   Whenever a dividend or other distribution is declared by Mohawk on Mohawk
common stock with a record date after the date on which the merger is
completed, the declaration will include dividends or other distributions on all
shares of Mohawk common stock that may be issued in the merger. However, Mohawk
will not pay any dividend or other distribution that is payable after the
completion of the merger to any former Dal-Tile stockholder who has not
surrendered his or her Dal-Tile stock certificates until the holder surrenders
the certificates. If any Dal-Tile stockholder's stock certificate has been
lost, stolen, mislaid or destroyed, the exchange agent will issue the shares of
Mohawk common stock, the cash payment and any cash in lieu of fractional shares
upon the stockholder's submission of an affidavit claiming the certificate to
be lost, stolen, mislaid or destroyed, the posting of a bond in such amount as
Mohawk and the exchange agent may reasonably require as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against Mohawk with respect to the certificate, and
submission of any other documents necessary to effect the exchange of the
shares represented by the certificate.

   At the time the merger is completed, the stock transfer books of Dal-Tile
will be closed to Dal-Tile stockholders and no transfer of shares of Dal-Tile
common stock by any stockholder will thereafter be made or recognized. If
certificates for shares of Dal-Tile common stock are presented for transfer
after the merger is completed, they will be canceled and exchanged for shares
of Mohawk common stock, a check for the cash payment, the cash amount due in
lieu of fractional shares, if any, and any undelivered dividends on the Mohawk
common stock, if any.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile are required to complete the merger only after the
satisfaction of various conditions. These conditions include:

    .  the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Dal-Tile common
       stock must have approved the adoption of the merger agreement;

    .  the holders of a majority of the shares of Mohawk common stock present
       at the Mohawk special meeting and entitled to vote must have approved
       the issuance of the shares of Mohawk common stock in the merger;

    .  the waiting period under the HSR Act must have expired or been
       terminated and the parties must have received all other material
       required consents of any regulatory authority, and these consents must
       not be conditioned or restricted in a manner which Mohawk determines to
       be material to Mohawk or to the benefits of the merger;

    .  there must not be any legislation enacted by a court or governmental or
       other regulatory authority or any other action taken or threatened to be
       taken by a court or governmental or other regulatory authority which
       prohibits the completion of the merger;

    .  the registration statement, of which this joint proxy
       statement-prospectus is a part, must continue to be effective under the
       Securities Act, and all necessary approvals under state or federal
       securities laws must have been obtained;

    .  the shares of Mohawk common stock to be issued in the merger and the
       shares of Mohawk common stock to be issued upon the exercise of Dal-Tile
       options being rolled over into Mohawk options in the merger must be
       approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to official
       notice of issuance;

    .  Mohawk and Dal-Tile must receive written opinions of their respective
       counsel as to the tax-free nature of the exchange of Dal-Tile common
       stock for shares of Mohawk common stock in the merger;

    .  as of the date the merger is completed there must not be inaccuracies in
       the representations and warranties with respect to the capitalization of
       Dal-Tile and Mohawk contained in the merger agreement, there must not be
       material inaccuracies in other specified representations and warranties
       of Dal-Tile and Mohawk, and there must not be inaccuracies in the other
       representations and warranties of Dal-Tile and Mohawk contained in the
       merger agreement as of the date of the merger agreement such that the
       aggregate effect of such inaccuracies (without regard to materiality or
       material adverse effect qualifiers) has, or is reasonably likely to
       have, a material adverse effect on such party;

    .  Dal-Tile and Mohawk must have performed all agreements and complied with
       all covenants set forth in the merger agreement in all material respects;

    .  there must not have been a material adverse effect, as defined in
       Section 11.1 of the merger agreement attached as Annex A hereto, on
       Mohawk or Dal-Tile that has occurred from the date of the merger
       agreement to the date the merger is completed and is continuing; and

    .  other conditions must be satisfied, including the receipt of various
       certificates from the officers of Dal-Tile and Mohawk.

   We cannot assure you as to when or if all of the conditions to the merger
can or will be satisfied or waived by the party permitted to do so. If the
merger is not effected on or before May 31, 2002, either Dal-Tile or Mohawk may
terminate the merger agreement and abandon the merger, unless the merger has
not been completed because of the breach of the merger agreement by the party
seeking termination. This date will be extended to July 31, 2002, if the merger
has not been consummated as a result of the failure of the parties to have
received a material required consent of any regulatory authority or if a court
or governmental or other regulatory authority has enacted legislation or taken
or threatened to take any other action which prohibits the consummation of the
merger. See "--Waiver, Amendment, and Termination."

Regulatory Approval

   Dal-Tile and Mohawk are not aware of any material governmental approvals or
actions that are required to complete the merger, except as described below.
Should any other approval or action be required, Mohawk and Dal-Tile have
agreed that they will seek such approval or action.

   Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended,
and the related rules, the merger may not be completed until notifications have
been given and certain information has been furnished to the Federal Trade
Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the
applicable waiting period has expired or been terminated. Mohawk and Dal-Tile
filed notification and report forms under the HSR Act with the FTC and the
Antitrust Division on December 4, 2001. Mohawk and Dal-Tile received notice of
the early termination of the statutory waiting period under the HSR Act on
December 14, 2001. At any time before

or after completion of the merger, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take
such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or
seeking divestiture of substantial assets of Mohawk or Dal-Tile. At any time
before or after the completion of the merger, and even after the expiration or
termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act, any state could take such
action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the
public interest. Such action could include seeking to enjoin the completion of
the merger or seeking divestiture of substantial assets of Mohawk or Dal-Tile.
Private parties may also seek to take legal action under the antitrust laws
under certain circumstances.

   Mohawk is also required to make a filing relating to the merger under the
Mexican Federal Law of Economic Competition. Mohawk filed preliminary
documentation with the Mexican Federal Competition Commission on December 17,
2001. There is no statutory waiting period, but the clearance procedure will
take between 30 and 200 days. The merger may be completed at any time after
filing, but the Mexican Federal Competition Commission could take action under
these laws to order divestiture or otherwise enjoin the completion of the
transaction prior to clearance.

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile believe that the merger can be effected in compliance
with the federal and state antitrust laws; however, there can be no assurance
that a challenge to the completion of the merger on antitrust grounds will not
be made or that, if such a challenge were made, Mohawk and Dal-Tile would
prevail or would not be required to accept certain adverse conditions in order
to complete the merger. Pursuant to the merger agreement, Mohawk is not
required to divest any of its businesses, product lines or assets, or to take
or agree to take any other action or agree to any limitation, that Mohawk
reasonably determines to be material to it or to the benefits of the merger as
a result of any governmental or regulatory approval.

Representations and Warranties

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile have made customary representations and warranties
relating to their businesses and the merger in the merger agreement, including
representations and warranties relating to the following:

    .  the proper organization of their companies and their subsidiaries and
       similar corporate matters;

    .  the proper authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the
       merger agreement by the companies and the absence of conflicts with
       their organizational documents, other material agreements or laws due to
       executing the merger agreement;

    .  their capital structure;

    .  the accuracy of information in Securities and Exchange Commission
       filings made by each company and the accuracy of the financial
       statements and their compliance with generally accepted accounting
       principles;

    .  the absence of undisclosed liabilities;

    .  the absence of occurrences which have had material adverse effects, as
       defined in Section 11.1 of the merger agreement, on the companies;

    .  the filing of required tax returns and payment of taxes by the companies;

    .  the companies' intellectual property rights;

    .  environmental matters affecting the companies;

    .  compliance with laws by the companies;

    .  Dal-Tile's relations with its employees;

    .  Dal-Tile's employee benefit plans;

    .  material contracts;

    .  the absence of involvement in material litigation by the companies;

    .  the accuracy of information provided by the companies for inclusion in
       this joint proxy statement-prospectus;

    .  state takeover laws and board approval;

    .  the identification of each company's financial advisor and the receipt
       of the financial advisor's opinion; and

    .  recommendations of the boards of directors of the companies concerning
       the merger.

The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

   Mohawk has agreed to use its reasonable efforts to take all actions
necessary to consummate the merger as soon as reasonably practicable and not to
take any action that would materially adversely affect any party's ability to
obtain any consents required for the merger or materially adversely affect any
party's ability to perform its covenants and agreements under the merger
agreement. The merger agreement also obligates Mohawk to continue to conduct
its business in a manner designed in its reasonable judgment to enhance the
long-term value of Mohawk common stock and the business prospects of Mohawk
before the merger is completed and imposes certain limitations on the
operations of Mohawk and its subsidiaries. These items are contained in Article
7 of the merger agreement that is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.

   Dal-Tile has agreed to use its reasonable efforts to take all actions
necessary to consummate the merger as soon as reasonably practicable after the
date of the merger agreement and not to take any action that would adversely
affect any party's ability to obtain any consents required for the merger or
adversely affect any party's ability to perform their covenants and agreements
under the merger agreement. The merger agreement also obligates Dal-Tile to
conduct its business only in the usual, regular, and ordinary course before the
merger is completed and imposes certain limitations on the operations of
Dal-Tile and its subsidiaries. These items are contained in Article 7 of the
merger agreement that is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.

Waiver, Amendment, and Termination

   To the extent permitted by law, Mohawk and Dal-Tile may agree in writing to
amend the merger agreement, whether before or after the stockholders of
Dal-Tile and Mohawk have approved it, provided that after any such stockholder
approval, the parties will make no amendment that pursuant to applicable law
requires further approval by their respective stockholders without the further
approval of their respective stockholders. In addition, before or at the time
the merger is completed, either Dal-Tile or Mohawk, or both, may waive any
default in the performance of any term of the merger agreement by the other
party or may waive or extend the time for the compliance or fulfillment by the
other party of any and all of its obligations under the merger agreement. In
addition, either Mohawk or Dal-Tile may waive any of the conditions precedent
to its obligations under the merger agreement, unless a violation of any law or
governmental regulation would result. To be effective, a waiver must be in
writing and signed by an authorized officer of Dal-Tile or Mohawk, as the case
may be.

   At any time before the completion of the merger, the boards of directors of
Mohawk and Dal-Tile may agree by mutual written consent to terminate the merger
agreement. In addition, either Mohawk or Dal-Tile may terminate the merger
agreement by written notice of termination to the other party specifying the
reason for termination in the following circumstances:

    .  if the merger is not completed by May 31, 2002 (which date will be
       extended to July 31, 2002, if the merger has not been completed as a
       result of the failure of the parties to have received a material
       required consent of any regulatory authority, or if a court or
       governmental or other regulatory authority

       has enacted legislation or taken or threatened to take any other action
       which prohibits the completion of the merger), unless the merger has not
       been completed because of the breach of the merger agreement by the
       party seeking termination (we refer to this date as the "end date");

    .  if a breach by the other party of any representation, warranty, covenant
       or agreement contained in the merger agreement would permit that party
       to refuse to complete the merger pursuant to the conditions discussed in
       "--Conditions to Completion of the Merger"; provided that if a breach in
       the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements is curable
       prior to the end date by the exercise of reasonable efforts and the
       breaching party exercises reasonable efforts to cure the breach, then
       the non-breaching party may not terminate the merger agreement prior to
       30 days following the receipt by the breaching party of written notice
       of such breach; further provided that the terminating party is not then
       in material breach of any covenant or other agreement contained in the
       merger agreement and has not willfully breached any of such party's
       representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement;

    .  if any consent of any regulatory authority required to complete the
       merger has been denied by final nonappealable action, or if any action
       taken by such authority is not appealed within the time limit for
       appeal, or any law or order permanently restraining, enjoining or
       otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger has become final
       and nonappealable;

    .  if the stockholders of Dal-Tile fail to adopt and approve the merger
       agreement and the merger or the stockholders of Mohawk fail to approve
       the issuance of Mohawk common stock in the merger at their respective
       special meetings; provided that the failure to obtain stockholder
       approval of the terminating party has not been caused by the action or
       failure to act by that party where the action or failure to act
       constitutes a material breach by the party of the merger agreement; and

    .  if there has been a material adverse effect on the other party as
       defined in Section 11.1 of the merger agreement attached as Annex A
       hereto.

      In addition, Mohawk may also terminate the merger agreement by written
   notice of termination to Dal-Tile, if:

    .  the board of directors of Dal-Tile fails to reaffirm publicly its
       approval of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger
       agreement, as soon as reasonably practicable, and in no event later than
       two business days after Mohawk's request for such reaffirmation, or if
       the Dal-Tile board of directors resolve not to reaffirm the merger;

    .  the board of directors of Dal-Tile withholds, withdraws, amends or
       modifies, or proposes publicly to withdraw, qualify or modify, in a
       manner adverse to Mohawk, its recommendation to Dal-Tile's stockholders
       that they approve and adopt the merger agreement and approve the merger;
       or

    .  the board of directors of Dal-Tile makes a change of recommendation
       adverse to the merger (as discussed in "--Solicitation Prohibitions")
       or, within ten business days after commencement of any tender or
       exchange offer for any shares of Dal-Tile common stock, the board of
       directors of Dal-Tile fails to recommend against acceptance of the
       tender or exchange offer by its stockholders or takes no position with
       respect to the acceptance of the tender or exchange offer by its
       stockholders.

We refer to a termination by Mohawk as a result of any of the immediately
foregoing as a "Dal-Tile withdrawal termination."

   In addition, Dal-Tile may also terminate the merger agreement by written
notice of termination to Mohawk, provided that Dal-Tile is not then in material
breach of any covenant or other agreement contained in the merger agreement and
has not willfully breached any of its representations and warranties contained
in the merger agreement, if the board of directors of Dal-Tile has made a
change of recommendation adverse to the merger (as

discussed in "--Solicitation Prohibitions") in order to approve and permit
Dal-Tile to accept a superior offer (as discussed in "--Solicitation
Prohibitions"); provided that

    .  Mohawk does not make, within three business days after receipt of
       Dal-Tile's written notice of a superior offer, an offer that the board
       of directors of Dal-Tile concludes in good faith (following consultation
       with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel) is as favorable,
       from a financial point of view, to the Dal-Tile's stockholders as the
       superior offer; and

    .  Dal-Tile shall have paid Mohawk $45 million concurrently with delivery
       of notice of termination.

We refer to a termination by Dal-Tile as a result of the immediately foregoing
as a "Dal-Tile superior offer termination."

   If the merger is terminated, the merger agreement will become void and have
no effect, except that certain provisions of the merger agreement, including
those relating to the obligations to share certain expenses and maintain the
confidentiality of certain information obtained, will survive. Termination of
the merger agreement will not relieve any breaching party from liability for
any willful breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement
contained in the merger agreement.

Board Recommendation

   The boards of directors of Mohawk and Dal-Tile have unanimously approved the
merger agreement and unanimously agreed to recommend and, subject to the
conditions discussed below, not to withdraw, amend or modify in a manner
adverse to the other party, the recommendation that their respective
stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement, in the case of the Dal-Tile
stockholders, and vote to approve the issuance of Mohawk shares in the Merger,
in the case of the Mohawk stockholders.

   However, in response to the receipt of a "superior offer" the board of
directors of Dal-Tile may withhold, withdraw, amend or modify, or propose or
resolve to withdraw, amend or modify, its recommendation in favor of the
merger, and, in the case of a superior offer that is a tender or exchange offer
made directly to its stockholders, may recommend that its stockholders accept
the tender or exchange offer (we refer to any of the foregoing actions, whether
by a board of directors or a committee thereof, as a "change of
recommendation"). However, the Dal-Tile board of directors may effect a change
in recommendation only if all of the following conditions are met:

    .  a superior offer has been made and has not been withdrawn;

    .  Dal-Tile's special meeting has not occurred;

    .  Dal-Tile must have

       -  provided to Mohawk written notice stating expressly (a) that it has
          received a superior offer, (b) the material terms and conditions of
          the superior offer and the identity of the person or group making the
          superior offer and (c) that it intends to effect a change of
          recommendation and the manner in which it intends to do so;

       -  provided to Mohawk a copy of all written materials delivered to the
          person or group making the superior offer in connection with such
          superior offer;

       -  made available to Mohawk all materials and information made available
          to the person or group making the superior offer in connection with
          such superior offer; and

       -  Dal-Tile must have complied in all material respects with the terms
          of the covenant requiring the calling and conducting of a special
          meeting of its stockholders and the recommendation of its board of
          directors and the covenant prohibiting the solicitation of
          acquisition proposals described below in "--Solicitation
          Prohibitions."

   A "superior offer" is defined in the merger agreement to mean:

    .  an unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third party to
       acquire, directly or indirectly, pursuant to a tender offer, exchange
       offer, merger, consolidation or other business combination, all or
       substantially all of the assets of Dal-Tile or substantially all of the
       total outstanding voting securities of Dal-Tile; and

    .  an offer on terms that the board of directors of Dal-Tile has in good
       faith concluded (following the receipt of advice of its outside legal
       counsel and its financial adviser), taking into account, among other
       things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the offer
       and the person making the offer, to be more favorable, from a financial
       point of view, to Dal-Tile's stockholders (in their capacities as
       stockholders) than the terms of the merger and is reasonably capable of
       being completed.

   The obligation of Dal-Tile to call, give notice of, convene and hold its
stockholders' meeting is not affected by the commencement, disclosure,
announcement or submission to Dal-Tile of any acquisition proposal with respect
to it, or by any change of recommendation. Dal-Tile has agreed not to submit or
prepare to submit to the vote of its stockholders any acquisition proposal
unless the board of directors of Dal-Tile has made a change of recommendation
and consequently has terminated the merger agreement as discussed under
"--Waiver, Amendment, and Termination."

Solicitation Prohibitions

   The merger agreement restricts Dal-Tile's ability to solicit other
acquisition proposals. Dal-Tile has agreed that it and its subsidiaries will
immediately cease any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations
with any third parties conducted prior to the date of the merger agreement with
respect to any "acquisition proposal," which is defined in the merger agreement
to mean any offer or proposal relating to any transaction or series of related
transactions involving:

    .  any purchase from Dal-Tile, or acquisition by any person or group, of
       more than a 15% interest in the total outstanding voting securities of
       Dal-Tile or any of its subsidiaries;

    .  any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in
       any person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of the total
       outstanding voting securities of Dal-Tile or any of its subsidiaries;

    .  any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
       involving Dal-Tile or any of its subsidiaries;

    .  any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of business),
       exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of
       business), acquisition or disposition of more than 15% of the assets of
       Dal-Tile and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or

    .  any liquidation or dissolution of Dal-Tile or any of its subsidiaries.

   The merger agreement also provides that neither Dal-Tile nor any of its
affiliates or representatives will solicit any competing acquisition proposal.
If Dal-Tile receives an acquisition proposal it must promptly notify Mohawk of
the terms of such proposal. Dal-Tile may provide third parties with
confidential information, have discussions and negotiations with, or otherwise
facilitate an effort or attempt by a third party to make or implement an
acquisition proposal not solicited in violation of the merger agreement if:

    .  Dal-Tile's board of directors determines in good faith (following the
       receipt of advice from its legal and financial advisors) that the
       acquisition proposal could result in a superior offer that is likely to
       be consummated;

    .  prior to providing any information, its board of directors notifies
       Mohawk of its intent to provide such information and Dal-Tile receives
       from such third party an executed confidentiality agreement with
       provisions at least as stringent as those contained in the
       confidentiality agreement between Mohawk and Dal-Tile;

    .  contemporaneously with providing such information to the third party,
       Dal-Tile provides such information to Mohawk; and

    .  Dal-Tile notifies Mohawk of its intent to engage in negotiations with
       the third party.

Effect of the Merger on Dal-Tile Options

   Mohawk will ask each holder of options granted under Dal-Tile's stock option
plan to consent to a partial cash-out of their options upon completion of the
merger. If an option holder consents in a timely fashion, one-half of his or
her options, whether or not currently exercisable, will be cancelled, and he or
she will receive a cash payment for each cancelled option equal to the
difference between $22.00 and the exercise price for the option. The remaining
one-half of his or her options will immediately vest and become options to
purchase Mohawk common stock. Mohawk will assume each such option in accordance
with the terms of Dal-Tile's stock option plan and the stock option agreement
that evidences the option and will deliver Mohawk common stock upon the
exercise of each assumed option. After the merger is completed:

    .  Mohawk and its compensation committee will be substituted for Dal-Tile
       and the committee of Dal-Tile's board of directors administering
       Dal-Tile's plan;

    .  each option assumed by Mohawk may be exercised only for shares of Mohawk
       common stock;

    .  the number of shares of Mohawk common stock subject to the assumed
       option will be equal to the number of shares of Dal-Tile common stock
       subject to the option immediately before the merger is completed
       multiplied by two times the exchange ratio; and

    .  the per share exercise price of each assumed option will be adjusted by
       dividing it by two times the exchange ratio and rounding up to the
       nearest cent.

   In determining which options will be cashed out and which options will be
assumed by Mohawk, each particular grant of Dal-Tile options to an option
holder having different exercise prices and terms will be split evenly (with
any remaining odd option being cashed out).

   If an option holder does not timely consent to the partial cash-out of their
Dal-Tile options, all of his or her options, whether or not currently
exercisable, will immediately vest and be assumed by Mohawk as options to
receive the merger consideration. Options of Dal-Tile option holders who do not
consent will be adjusted as described above, except that the per share exercise
price of each option will be adjusted by dividing it by the exchange ratio and
rounding up to the nearest cent, and upon exercise of these options, the option
holder will receive, for each option:

    .  a cash payment equal to the number of shares of Dal-Tile common stock
       subject to the option immediately before the merger is completed
       multiplied by $11.00; and

    .  a number of shares of Mohawk common stock equal to the number of shares
       of Dal-Tile common stock subject to the option immediately before the
       merger is completed multiplied by the exchange ratio.

   Mohawk will not issue any fractional shares of common stock upon exercise of
an option. Rather, Mohawk will pay cash for any fractional share based upon the
last sale price per share of Mohawk common stock on the trading day immediately
preceding the date of exercise.

   Mohawk has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-8 within five
business days of the completion of the merger to register the issuance of the
shares of Mohawk common stock upon the exercise of the assumed Dal-Tile options.

   For information with respect to stock options held by Dal-Tile's directors
and executive officers, see "--Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger."

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

   The following summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences
of the merger applicable to a person that exchanges shares of Dal-Tile common
stock for shares of Mohawk common stock and cash pursuant to the merger
constitutes the opinion of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., counsel to Dal-Tile. This
discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code, Treasury Regulations,
judicial authorities, published positions of the IRS and other applicable
authorities, all as in effect on the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus and all of which are subject to change or differing
interpretations (possibly with retroactive effect). This discussion is limited
to U.S. persons that hold their shares of Dal-Tile common stock as capital
assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes and does not address the tax
treatment to stockholders who hold their shares through a partnership or other
pass-through entity. This discussion does not address all aspects of United
States federal income taxation that may be relevant to Dal-Tile stockholders in
light of their particular circumstances or Dal-Tile stockholders subject to
special treatment under United States federal income tax laws. Furthermore,
this summary does not address any aspect of state, local or foreign taxation.
No assurance can be given that the IRS would not assert, or that a court would
not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax aspects set forth below.
Holders of shares of Dal-Tile common stock are encouraged to consult their own
tax advisors as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, as
well as the effects of state, local and foreign tax laws.

   The U.S. federal income tax consequences resulting from the merger will
differ depending on whether a forward merger structure or a reverse merger
structure is used. See "--General" above for a description of the forward
merger and reverse merger structures.

    .  If the forward merger structure is used, and assuming certain conditions
       described below are satisfied, then Dal-Tile will receive an opinion
       from its counsel, Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. and Mohawk will receive an
       opinion from its counsel, Alston & Bird LLP, substantially to the effect
       that the merger will qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of
       the Internal Revenue Code.

    .  If the reverse merger structure is used, the merger will not constitute
       a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
       Instead, it will be treated as a sale of Dal-Tile common stock, fully
       taxable to the Dal-Tile stockholders.

   We may not know until the closing of the merger whether the transaction will
be completed as a forward merger or a reverse merger. As a result, Dal-Tile
stockholders will not know the tax consequences to them of the merger at the
time they vote on it.

   One of the requirements that must be satisfied in order for the forward
merger to qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) is the continuity of
interest requirement. This requirement will be satisfied if the Dal-Tile
stockholders exchange a substantial portion of their proprietary interest in
Dal-Tile for proprietary interests in Mohawk. The IRS takes the position for
advance ruling purposes that the continuity of interest requirement is
satisfied in a reorganization if the value of the acquiring corporation's stock
received in the reorganization by the acquired corporation's stockholders
equals or exceeds 50% of the total consideration paid for the stock of the
acquired corporation in a tax-free reorganization. In the opinion of Vinson &
Elkins L.L.P. and of Alston & Bird LLP, the continuity of interest requirement
will be satisfied under applicable case law if, as of the effective time of the
merger, the value of the Mohawk common stock received in connection with the
merger by the Dal-Tile stockholders equals or exceeds 40% of the total
consideration paid or deemed paid for the Dal-Tile common stock in the
reorganization. An opinion of counsel represents counsel's best legal judgment
and is not binding on the IRS, and there can be no assurance that following the
merger the IRS will not challenge the qualification of the merger as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

   Various factors affect whether the value of the Mohawk common stock received
by Dal-Tile stockholders in the merger is equal to at least 40% of the combined
value of the merger consideration as of the completion of the merger, including:

    .  the amount, if any, to be paid to Dal-Tile stockholders who perfect
       their appraisal rights;

    .  whether prior to and in connection with the merger Dal-Tile (or certain
       parties related to Dal-Tile) redeems or acquires Dal-Tile stock or makes
       distributions to the Dal-Tile stockholders; and

    .  whether there will be any repurchases by Mohawk (or certain parties
       related to Mohawk) of the Mohawk common stock to be issued in the merger.

Accordingly, it is not possible to state with any certainty the minimum trading
price of the Mohawk common stock at which the value of the Mohawk common stock
to be received in the merger will be equal to at least 40% of the value of the
combined merger consideration as of the completion of the merger. Assuming that
the $11.00 per share cash consideration is the only non-Mohawk common stock
consideration received or to be received by the Dal-Tile stockholders in the
merger, and assuming further that there are no stockholders exercising
appraisal rights, no cash to be paid in lieu of fractional share interests, no
distributions or redemptions made by Dal-Tile (or certain parties related to
Dal-Tile) in connection with the merger, and no repurchases or acquisitions by
Mohawk (or certain parties related to Mohawk) of the Mohawk common stock to be
issued in the merger, the minimum trading price of the Mohawk common stock at
which the value of the Mohawk common stock to be received in the merger will be
equal to at least 40% of the value of the combined merger consideration is
approximately $27.00 per share. If such assumptions prove to be inaccurate,
then such minimum trading price may be higher than $27.00 per share.

   The purpose of using the reverse merger structure is to avoid the
substantial corporate level tax that would result if the merger were to be
structured as a forward merger and were to fail to satisfy the requirements of
a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code. There should not be
a corporate level tax resulting from the failure of a reverse merger to qualify
as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code.

   Tax Consequences of the Forward Merger Structure.   If the merger is
effected as a forward merger, then the forward merger will qualify as a
"reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code, and the U.S. federal income tax consequences will generally be as follows:

    .  Exchange of Dal-Tile Common Stock for Mohawk Common Stock and Cash. A
       stockholder of Dal-Tile who exchanges his, her or its shares of Dal-Tile
       common stock for shares of Mohawk common stock and cash in the forward
       merger will recognize gain (but not loss) in an amount equal to the
       lesser of (1) the amount of cash received pursuant to the forward
       merger, and (2) an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of
       the fair market value of the Mohawk common stock received in the forward
       merger and the amount of cash received pursuant to the forward merger
       over (b) the stockholder's adjusted tax basis in its shares of Dal-Tile
       common stock. The gain recognized will be capital gain unless the
       receipt of cash by the stockholder has the effect of a distribution of a
       dividend, in which case the gain will be treated as ordinary dividend
       income to the extent of the stockholder's ratable share of Dal-Tile's
       accumulated earnings and profits as calculated for U.S. federal income
       tax purposes. For purposes of determining whether the receipt of cash by
       the stockholder has the effect of a distribution of a dividend, a
       stockholder will be treated as if the stockholder first exchanged all of
       its shares of Dal-Tile common stock solely for shares of Mohawk common
       stock and then Mohawk immediately redeemed a portion of the common stock
       for cash that the stockholder actually received pursuant to the forward
       merger. The IRS has indicated in rulings that any reduction in the
       interest of a minority stockholder that exercises no control over
       corporate affairs would receive capital gains (as opposed to dividend)
       treatment. In determining whether the receipt of cash has the effect of
       a distribution of a dividend, certain constructive ownership rules must
       be taken into account. Any recognized capital gain will be long-term
       capital gain if your holding period with respect to your Dal-Tile common
       stock exceeds one year, and if you are a natural person, will be subject
       to a maximum tax rate of 20%.

    .  Tax Basis for Mohawk Common Stock. As a Dal-Tile stockholder, you will
       have an aggregate tax basis in the shares of Mohawk common stock you
       receive pursuant to the forward merger equal to your aggregate adjusted
       tax basis in your shares of Dal-Tile common stock surrendered pursuant
       to the forward merger, (1) reduced by (a) the portion of your adjusted
       tax basis in your shares of Dal-Tile common stock surrendered in the
       merger that is allocable to a fractional share of Mohawk common stock
       for which cash is received and (b) the amount of cash received by you
       pursuant to the forward

       merger, and (2) increased by the amount of gain (including the portion
       of such gain that is treated as a dividend as described above)
       recognized by the stockholder (but not by gain recognized upon the
       receipt of cash in lieu of a fractional share of Mohawk common stock
       pursuant to the forward merger).

    .  Holding Period for Mohawk Common Stock. The holding period for shares of
       Mohawk common stock received by a stockholder of Dal-Tile pursuant to
       the forward merger will include the holding period for the shares of
       Dal-Tile common stock surrendered.

    .  Cash Received in Lieu of a Fractional Share of Mohawk Common Stock. If,
       as a Dal-Tile stockholder, you receive cash in lieu of a fractional
       share of Mohawk common stock in the forward merger, then you will
       generally recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between
       the amount of cash received in lieu of the fractional share and the
       portion of your adjusted tax basis in your shares of Dal-Tile common
       stock that is allocable to the fractional share. The capital gain or
       loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if your holding period for
       the portion of the shares deemed exchanged for the fractional share is
       more than one year.

    .  Treatment of the Entities. No gain or loss will be recognized by Mohawk,
       Merger Sub or Dal-Tile as a result of the forward merger.

    .  Reporting Requirements. Dal-Tile stockholders receiving Mohawk common
       stock in the merger should file a statement with their United States
       federal income tax returns setting forth their adjusted tax basis in the
       Dal-Tile common stock exchanged in the forward merger and the fair
       market value of the Mohawk common stock and the amount of cash received
       in the forward merger. In addition, Dal-Tile stockholders will be
       required to retain permanent records of these facts relating to the
       forward merger.

   Under the merger agreement, each of Mohawk and Dal-Tile have agreed to use
their reasonable best efforts to cause the forward merger to qualify as a
reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Code, and Dal-Tile
has agreed to obtain an opinion from its counsel, Vinson & Elkins L.L.P., and
Mohawk has agreed to obtain an opinion from its counsel, Alston & Bird LLP, at
the closing of the merger that, based upon, among other things, the facts
described herein and customary representations and assumptions, the forward
merger will be treated as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code. The obligation of each of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. and Alston
& Bird LLP to deliver closing tax opinions is conditioned upon:

    .  the receipt by each of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. and Alston & Bird LLP of
       certain representation letters from each of Mohawk and Dal-Tile relating
       to the facts surrounding the forward merger; and

    .  the receipt by the Dal-Tile stockholders in the forward merger, in the
       aggregate, of Mohawk common stock with a value as of the effective time
       equal to at least 40% of the combined value of all merger consideration,
       taking into account the amount of cash paid or deemed paid to Dal-Tile
       stockholders in connection with the merger (including cash paid to
       Dal-Tile stockholders who perfect their dissenters rights, redemptions
       or acquisitions of Dal-Tile common stock by Dal-Tile or certain parties
       related to Dal-Tile in connection with the forward merger, extraordinary
       distributions made by Dal-Tile or parties related to Dal-Tile prior to
       and in connection with the forward merger, and certain repurchases or
       acquisitions of Mohawk common stock issued in the merger by Mohawk or
       certain parties related to Mohawk).

If Dal-Tile and Mohawk are not able to obtain the closing tax opinions, then
the merger will not close as a forward merger, and Dal-Tile will have the
option to change the merger in form from a forward merger to a reverse merger,
which as summarized below, will be fully taxable transaction for all the
stockholders of Dal-Tile, but not for Mohawk, Merger Sub or Dal-Tile.

   Tax Consequences of the Reverse Merger Structure.  In the event a reverse
merger takes place, the tax consequences to stockholders of Dal-Tile common
stock will differ materially from those summarized above. In general, as a
stockholder of Dal-Tile, you will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount
equal to (1) the sum of the fair market value of the Mohawk common stock you
receive in the reverse merger, and the amount of the

cash you receive in the reverse merger minus (2) your adjusted tax basis in
your shares of Dal-Tile common stock surrendered in the reverse merger. The
capital gain will be long term capital gain or loss if you have held your
shares for more than one year (and in the case of stockholders who are natural
persons, the long term capital gain will be subject to a maximum tax rate of
20% at the effective time of the merger).

   Depending on the value of the Mohawk common stock as of the effective time
of the merger, it is possible that Dal-Tile and Mohawk will not be able to
obtain the closing tax opinions. Thus, no assurance can be given that the
structure of the merger will be effected, and if effected will take the form of
a forward merger as opposed to a reverse merger.

   The foregoing discussion is intended only as a summary and does not purport
to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential federal income tax
consequences of the merger. Dal-Tile stockholders are urged to consult their
tax advisors concerning the United States federal, state, local and foreign tax
consequences of the merger to them.

Accounting Treatment

   Mohawk will account for the merger under the purchase method of accounting
for business combinations. See "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Consolidated Financial Information."

Stock Exchange Listing

   The shares of Mohawk common stock to be issued in the merger have been
approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange, subject to approval of
their issuance by Mohawk stockholders.

Expenses and Fees

   Except as discussed below, each of Mohawk and Dal-Tile will pay all expenses
incurred by it or on its behalf in connection with the merger. Mohawk and
Dal-Tile have agreed, however, to share equally the expenses incurred in
relation to the printing and filing of the registration statement and this
joint proxy statement-prospectus and the filing fee for the filing under the
HSR Act.

   In addition, Dal-Tile has agreed to pay Mohawk a termination fee of $45
million, in the following circumstances:

    .  either Mohawk or Dal-Tile terminates the merger agreement because
       Dal-Tile's stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement and approve
       the merger and prior to the termination of the merger agreement there
       has been publicly announced an acquisition proposal (other than the
       merger) and within twelve months of such termination Dal-Tile shall
       either (a) complete a transaction involving an acquisition proposal
       relating to 50% of its or one of its subsidiaries' capital stock or
       assets or (b) enter into an agreement with respect to such transaction,
       whether or not the transaction is subsequently completed;

    .  Dal-Tile terminates the merger agreement as a result of the failure to
       complete the merger by the end date and prior to the termination of the
       merger agreement there has been publicly announced an acquisition
       proposal (other than the merger) and within twelve months of the
       termination Dal-Tile shall either (a) complete a transaction involving
       an acquisition proposal relating to 50% of its or one of its
       subsidiaries' capital stock or assets or (b) enter into an agreement
       with respect to the transaction, whether or not the transaction is
       subsequently completed;

    .  Mohawk terminates the merger agreement because Dal-Tile has failed to
       perform and comply in all material respects with any of its obligations,
       agreements or covenants required by the merger agreement and prior to
       the termination of the merger agreement there has been publicly
       announced an

       acquisition proposal (other than the merger) and within twelve months of
       the termination Dal-Tile shall either (a) complete a transaction
       involving an acquisition proposal relating to 50% of its or one of its
       subsidiaries' capital stock or assets or (b) enter into an agreement
       with respect to such transaction, whether or not the transaction is
       subsequently completed;

    .  Mohawk terminates the merger agreement pursuant to a Dal-Tile withdrawal
       termination discussed above under "--Waiver, Amendment, and
       Termination"; or

    .  Dal-Tile terminates the merger agreement pursuant to a Dal-Tile superior
       offer termination discussed above under "--Waiver, Amendment, and
       Termination."

   If the termination fee is payable as a result of one of the first three
reasons above, the termination fee must be paid at or prior to the earlier of
the date of completion of the acquisition transaction or the date of execution
of an agreement with respect to the acquisition transaction. If the termination
fee is payable as a result of the fourth reason above, the termination fee must
be paid no later than two business days from the date of termination of the
merger agreement. If the termination fee is payable as a result of the final
reason above, the termination fee must be paid concurrently with the delivery
of the notice of termination of the merger agreement.

   In the event the termination fee is paid to Mohawk pursuant to the terms of
the merger agreement, Mohawk has agreed pursuant to the terms of the
commitments for the proposed financing for the merger to pay the committed
financial institutions 10% of any such termination fee.

   The parties have agreed that the payment of the fees and expenses discussed
above are not to be deemed liquidated damages for the willful breach by
Dal-Tile of the terms of the merger agreement and do not otherwise limit the
rights of Mohawk, except that, if Mohawk is entitled to receive a termination
fee as a result of the third reason above, Mohawk must elect to either (i)
receive the termination fee and, upon receipt of the termination fee, dismiss
with prejudice any pending litigation against Dal-Tile, or release Dal-Tile
from any liability, relating to a breach by Dal-Tile of its covenants and
agreements under the merger agreement or (ii) waive its right to receive the
termination fee.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger

   In considering the recommendation of the Dal-Tile board to vote for approval
of the merger and the recommendation of the Mohawk board to vote in favor of
the issuance of Mohawk common stock in the merger, you should be aware that
members of Dal-Tile's executive management and its directors have interests in
the merger that are different from, and in addition to, the interests of other
Mohawk and Dal-Tile stockholders.

   Change in Control Agreements--Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer.  Dal-Tile has entered into change in control agreements with Mr.
Sardas and Mr. Wellborn. Each of the agreements has a term that runs until
December 31, 2005, and will automatically be extended by one year beginning on
January 1, 2004 (and each following year) unless the employer provides six
months' prior notice of non-renewal. Under the agreements, following a change
in control of Dal-Tile, the executive's base salary and target bonus cannot be
reduced and will continue through the term of the agreement, and benefits will
continue in substantially the same form and amount. Both agreements provide for
severance payments following a change in control if (i) they are terminated
within two years after such change in control, or (ii) with respect to Mr.
Sardas, he elects to terminate his employment between 90 and 365 days, after
such change in control, and with respect to Mr. Wellborn, he elects to
terminate his employment between 180 and 365 days, after such change in
control. The payments to each executive are to be made in a lump sum amount
equal to three times his annual salary plus bonus (calculated as the higher of
his target bonus for the termination year or his average bonus over the prior
two years). Additionally, each is entitled to a lump sum pro rata payment of
his target bonus for the year of termination, continuation of medical and
dental benefits for three years from termination, an excise tax gross-up if he
is impacted by Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code (unless the applicable
amounts exceed the cap limit by less than $50,000), tax preparation services
provided and paid for by Dal-Tile for tax years affected by the change in
control, and payment of legal fees and expenses associated with the termination
or enforcement of the agreement. The merger will constitute a change in control
under the agreements.

   Change in Control Agreements--Vice Presidents.  Dal-Tile has also entered
into change in control agreements with its 13 vice presidents. The agreements
generally have the same terms as the Sardas and Wellborn agreements, except
that severance is calculated as 21/2 times salary and bonus (rather than 3
times salary and bonus), and benefit continuation lasts for 30 months following
termination (rather than 36 months). In addition, severance following a change
in control is only triggered upon termination by the employer without cause (as
defined in the agreement) or by the executive for "good reason" (as described
below). Unlike the Sardas and Wellborn agreements, severance is not paid upon
death or disability, and the executives cannot collect severance for voluntary
termination unless it is for good reason. Under the vice president agreements,
"good reason" includes the following:

    .  Failure by the employer to maintain salary, target bonus opportunities,
       and benefits;

    .  Any purported termination of employment that does not comply with the
       applicable notice provisions;

    .  Failure to elect or maintain the employee in the same (or a
       substantially equivalent) office or position; or removal as a director
       if employee was a director prior to the change in control;

    .  A significant adverse change in the nature or scope of the executive's
       authorities, responsibilities, or duties that is not remedied within 10
       days of employee's written notice;

    .  A relocation of the company's principal offices, or requiring employee
       to have his principal location of work changed, in excess of 50 miles,
       or to travel away from his office significantly more (in terms of either
       consecutive days or aggregate days in any calendar year) than was
       required of him before the change in control, in either case without his
       prior written consent; or

    .  The cessation of the company's status as a corporation the stock of
       which is publicly traded on a national securities exchange.

   The merger will constitute a change in control under the agreements.

   Stock Options.  All unvested options to purchase Dal-Tile common stock
granted under Dal-Tile's stock plans will become fully exercisable upon
completion of the merger. At the time of the merger, each unexercised option
will be cashed out in part and converted in part (either upon completion of the
merger or upon exercise) into options to acquire shares of Mohawk common stock.
See "The Merger--Effect of the Merger on Dal-Tile Options" for a more detailed
discussion of the treatment of Dal-Tile's options under the merger agreement.

   Directors' and Officers' Liability.  Mohawk and Dal-Tile have agreed that
the officers, directors and other affiliates of each of the companies shall not
be liable for breaches of the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement, except for (a) instances of actual, intentional
misrepresentation of facts by Dal-Tile to its independent auditors or of any
item reflected in Dal-Tile's reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission
since January 1, 1998, to the extent any such misrepresentations have caused
such filings to materially misstate Dal-Tile's financial position, and (b)
actions taken by such affiliates of Dal-Tile that would violate the
non-solicitation provisions of Section 8.3 of the merger agreement to the
extent Mohawk elects to specifically enforce such provision.

   Indemnification and Release.  Mohawk and Dal-Tile have agreed that all
rights to indemnification and limitations on liability under the Dal-Tile
charter documents and indemnification agreements will survive the merger.
Subject to limitations, directors' and officers' liability insurance coverage
substantially equivalent to levels of coverage currently in effect under
Dal-Tile's existing directors' and officers' liability insurance will be
maintained for six years. Mohawk has agreed to release directors, officers and
affiliates of Dal-Tile from any liability or obligation in connection with or
under the merger agreement or voting agreements except to the extent that any
person is an express signatory party and except for claims for specific
intentional misrepresentations and violations of the non-solicitation
provisions described above.

   New Directors of Mohawk Following the Merger.  In accordance with the merger
agreement,         and         have each been selected by Dal-Tile to serve as
directors of Mohawk after the completion of the merger.

Employee Benefits and Contracts

   The merger agreement requires Mohawk to provide Dal-Tile employees with
employee benefits under the Dal-Tile benefit plans (other than benefits under
the stock option plan) which when taken as a whole are substantially similar to
those provided by Dal-Tile prior to the effective time of the merger. However,
the merger agreement also allows Mohawk, at its option, to provide Dal-Tile
employees with employee benefits under the Mohawk benefit plans (other than
benefits under the stock option plan) which when taken as a whole are
substantially similar to those currently provided by Mohawk to its similarly
situated employees.

   If Mohawk chooses to provide benefits under its own benefit plans, then, for
purposes of participation, vesting and, except with respect to Mohawk
retirement plans, benefit accrual, credit under such plans will be given for
past service with Dal-Tile. Additionally, Mohawk has agreed to waive any
waiting periods and restrictions on pre-existing conditions for Dal-Tile
employees to be covered by Mohawk welfare benefit plans. Mohawk has also agreed
to cause any deductible made by such Dal-Tile employees under Dal-Tile welfare
benefit plans to be credited to such employees under the Mohawk welfare benefit
plans. All employment and severance, consulting or other compensation
agreements disclosed to Mohawk will be expressly assumed by Mohawk.

Resales of Mohawk Common Stock

   The shares of Mohawk common stock to be issued in the merger will be
registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of Mohawk stock issued to any
person who is deemed to be an "affiliate" of either Mohawk or Dal-Tile at the
time of the special meetings. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates
include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under
the common control of either Mohawk or Dal-Tile and may include our respective
executive officers and directors, as well as our significant stockholders.
Affiliates may not sell their shares of Mohawk common stock acquired in
connection with the merger except pursuant to:

    .  an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
       the resale of those shares;

    .  an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

    .  any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

   Mohawk's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
statement-prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of
Mohawk common stock to be received by affiliates of Dal-Tile in the merger.

Appraisal Rights

   Delaware law entitles the holders of record of shares of Dal-Tile common
stock who follow the procedures specified in Section 262 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law to have their shares appraised by the Delaware Court of
Chancery and to receive the "fair value" of those shares as of the completion
of the merger as determined by the court in place of the merger consideration.
In order to exercise these rights, a stockholder must demand and perfect the
rights in accordance with Section 262. The following is a summary of the
material provisions of Section 262 and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to Section 262, a copy of which is attached as Annex F to this joint
proxy statement-prospectus. Dal-Tile stockholders should carefully review
Section 262 as well as the information discussed below.

   If a stockholder of Dal-Tile elects to exercise the right to an appraisal
under Section 262, that stockholder must do all of the following:

    .  deliver to Dal-Tile at its main office in Dallas, Texas, a written
       demand for appraisal of shares of Dal-Tile common stock held, which
       demand must reasonably inform Dal-Tile of the identity of the
       stockholder and that the demanding stockholder is demanding appraisal,
       before the vote is taken on the merger agreement at the Dal-Tile special
       meeting; this written demand for appraisal must be in

       addition to and separate from any proxy or vote against the merger
       agreement; neither voting against, abstaining from voting nor failing to
       vote on the merger agreement will constitute a demand for appraisal
       within the meaning of Section 262;

    .  not vote in favor of the merger agreement; a failure to vote or
       abstaining from voting will satisfy this requirement, but a vote in
       favor of the merger agreement, by proxy or in person, or the return of a
       signed proxy that does not specify an abstention or a vote against
       adoption of the merger agreement, will constitute a vote in favor of the
       merger agreement, a waiver of the stockholder's right of appraisal and
       will nullify any previously filed written demand for appraisal; and

    .  continuously hold the shares of record until the completion of the
       merger.

   All written demands for appraisal should be addressed to Dal-Tile
International Inc., 7834 Hawn Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75217, Attention: Mark A.
Solls, before the vote is taken on the merger agreement at the Dal-Tile special
meeting. The demand must reasonably inform Dal-Tile of the identity of the
stockholder and that the stockholder is demanding appraisal of his, her or its
shares of Dal-Tile common stock.

   The written demand for appraisal must be executed by or for the record
holder of shares of Dal-Tile common stock, fully and correctly, as the holder's
name appears on the certificate(s) for their shares. If the shares of Dal-Tile
common stock are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee,
guardian or custodian, execution of the demand must be made in that capacity,
and if the shares are owned of record by more than one person, such as in a
joint tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand must be executed by or for all
joint owners. An authorized agent, including one of two or more joint owners,
may execute the demand for appraisal for a holder of record; however, the agent
must identify the record owner(s) and expressly disclose the fact that, in
executing the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the record owner(s).

   A beneficial owner of shares of Dal-Tile common stock held in "street name"
who desires appraisal should take actions as may be necessary to ensure that a
timely and proper demand for appraisal is made by the record holder of the
shares. Shares of Dal-Tile common stock held through brokerage firms, banks and
other financial institutions are frequently deposited with and held of record
in the name of a nominee of a central security depository, such as Cede & Co.
and others. Any beneficial owner desiring appraisal who holds shares of
Dal-Tile common stock through a brokerage firm, bank or other financial
institution is responsible for ensuring that the demand for appraisal is made
by the record holder. The beneficial holder of the shares should instruct the
firm, bank or institution that the demand for appraisal should be made by the
record holder of the shares, which may be the nominee of a central security
depository if the shares have been so deposited. As required by Section 262, a
demand for appraisal must reasonably inform Dal-Tile of the identity of the
holder(s) of record, which may be a nominee as described above, and of the
holder's intention to seek appraisal of the shares of Dal-Tile common stock.

   A record holder, such as a broker, fiduciary, depository or other nominee,
who holds shares of Dal-Tile common stock as a nominee for others, may exercise
appraisal rights with respect to the shares held for all or less than all
beneficial owners of the shares as to which the person is the record owner. In
that case, the written demand must set forth the number of shares of Dal-Tile
common stock covered by the demand. Where the number of shares is not expressly
stated, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares of Dal-Tile common
stock outstanding in the name of the record owner.

   Within ten days after the completion of the merger, the surviving
corporation of the merger will give written notice of the date of the
completion of the merger to each stockholder of Dal-Tile who has properly
demanded appraisal and satisfied the requirements of Section 262, referred to
in this document as a dissenting stockholder. Within 120 days after the
completion of the merger, the surviving corporation or any dissenting
stockholder may file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a
determination of the fair value of the shares of Dal-Tile common stock that are
held by all dissenting stockholders. The surviving corporation is under no
obligation to and has no present intention to file such a petition.
Accordingly, it is the obligation of former stockholders of Dal-Tile seeking
appraisal rights to initiate all necessary actions to perfect appraisal rights
within the time prescribed by Section 262.

   If a petition for appraisal is timely filed, the court will determine which
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and will determine the fair value
of the shares of Dal-Tile common stock held by dissenting stockholders,
exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger, together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be
paid on the amount determined to be fair value. In determining fair value, the
court shall take into account all relevant factors. The Delaware Supreme Court
has stated, among other things, that "proof of value by any techniques or
methods which are generally acceptable in the financial community and otherwise
admissible in court'' should be considered in an appraisal proceeding. In
addition, Delaware courts have decided that the statutory appraisal remedy may
or may not be, depending on the factual circumstances, the stockholder's
exclusive remedy in connection with transactions such as the merger. The court
may determine fair value to be more than, less than or equal to the
consideration that the dissenting stockholder would otherwise be entitled to
receive pursuant to the merger agreement. If a petition for appraisal is not
timely filed, then the right to an appraisal shall cease. The costs of the
appraisal proceeding shall be determined by the court and taxed against the
parties as the court determines to be equitable under the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal
proceeding, including reasonable attorneys' fees and the fees and expenses of
experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all shares of Dal-Tile
common stock entitled to appraisal.

   From and after the completion of the merger, no dissenting stockholder shall
have any rights of a Dal-Tile stockholder with respect to that holder's shares
for any purpose, except to receive payment of fair value and to receive payment
of dividends or other distributions on the holder's shares of Dal-Tile common
stock, if any, payable to Dal-Tile stockholders of record as of a date prior to
the completion of the merger. If a dissenting stockholder delivers to the
surviving corporation a written withdrawal of the demand for an appraisal
within 60 days after the completion of the merger or subsequently with the
written approval of the surviving corporation, or, if no petition for appraisal
is filed within 120 days after the completion of the merger, then the right of
that dissenting stockholder to an appraisal will cease and the dissenting
stockholder will be entitled to receive only the merger consideration. Once a
petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware court, the appraisal
proceeding may not be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of
the court.

   If you wish to exercise your appraisal rights, you must not vote in favor of
the merger agreement and must strictly comply with the procedures set forth in
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

   If you fail to take any required step in connection with the exercise of
appraisal rights, it will result in the termination or waiver of these rights.

Voting Agreements

   The following summary of the Dal-Tile voting agreements and the Mohawk
voting agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of each
voting agreement, each of which are incorporated by reference. The form of
voting agreement executed by Dal-Tile stockholders is attached as Annex B and
the voting agreement executed by Aladdin Partners, L.P. is attached as Annex C
to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

   In connection with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement, all
of the members of the Dal-Tile board of directors and several Dal-Tile
executive officers entered into a voting agreement with Mohawk under which
these stockholders agreed to vote all their shares of Dal-Tile common stock in
favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. These stockholders also agreed
to vote all their shares of Dal-Tile common stock against the approval of any
transaction made in opposition to or in competition with the merger. As of the
date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, these stockholders owned shares
of Dal-Tile common stock representing approximately 1.9% of the total voting
power of the outstanding shares of Dal-Tile common stock.

   The voting agreement executed by the Dal-Tile stockholders prohibits,
subject to limited exceptions, any stockholder from transferring or making an
arrangement to transfer any shares, except to a person who agrees to be bound
by the terms of the voting agreement. Each voting agreement executed by the
Dal-Tile stockholders also provides that any shares of Dal-Tile stock that are
subsequently acquired will also be subject to the voting

agreement. As of the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, these
stockholders hold currently exercisable options to purchase an additional
shares or     %, based on the number of shares of Dal-Tile currently
outstanding common stock.

   Also in connection with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement,
Aladdin Partners, L.P., a partnership controlled by Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum,
president and chief executive officer of Mohawk, entered into a voting
agreement with Dal-Tile under which Aladdin Partners agreed to vote all of its
shares of Mohawk common stock in favor of the issuance of Mohawk shares in the
merger. Aladdin Partners also agreed to vote all of its shares of Mohawk common
stock against any other action that could impede or otherwise adversely affect
the consummation of the merger. As of the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus, Aladdin Partners owned shares of Mohawk common stock
representing approximately 18.8% of the total voting power of the outstanding
shares of Mohawk common stock.

   Under the voting agreement, Aladdin Partners may transfer 1,900,000, or
approximately 3.6% of the total voting power of the outstanding shares, of
Mohawk common stock without restriction. Otherwise, the voting agreement
prohibits Aladdin Partners from transferring or making an arrangement to
transfer any shares, except to a person who agrees to be bound by the terms of
the voting agreement.

   All voting agreements terminate upon the earlier to occur of the completion
of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its
terms.

Financing

   The total amount of cash and borrowings required to complete the merger,
including payment of the cash merger consideration, payments in respect of the
cash-out of one-half of the Dal-Tile options, refinancing of the existing
indebtedness of Dal-Tile and transaction fees and expenses is estimated to be
approximately $869.2 million based on the pro forma combined balance sheet of
Mohawk and Dal-Tile at September 29, 2001. Mohawk has entered into a commitment
letter with First Union Investors, Inc. (and one of its affiliates), Goldman
Sachs Credit Partners L.P. and SunTrust Bank with respect to financing the
merger. These financial institutions have severally agreed, on the terms and
subject to the conditions in the commitment letter, to provide a 364-day term
loan facility of up to $700 million. At the option of these financial
institutions, but without limiting their several commitments to provide the
entire facility, portions of the term loan facility may be provided by other
financial institutions. In addition, Mohawk intends to borrow up to $169.2
million under its existing revolving credit facility and to continue Dal-Tile's
existing $100 million receivables securitization facility, which it expects to
replace in the future with a new $100 million receivables securitization
facility through a multi-selling conduit for which SunTrust Bank is expected to
serve as an agent. If the commitment letter is terminated or if the funding
under the commitment letter is reasonably likely to be unavailable at closing,
Mohawk will use its best efforts to obtain financing from other sources. Mohawk
is obligated to complete the merger regardless of whether it obtains the
financing contemplated by the commitment letter or alternative financing.

   The commitment is conditioned on, among other things:

    .  there being no adverse conditions in the financial, banking or capital
       markets (including the loan syndication and bond markets) that would
       impair or prevent the syndication of the term loan facility or the
       placement or issuance of securities which are to replace the term loan
       facility as determined by any of the financial institutions in their
       sole discretion;

    .  Mohawk not entering into alternate financing arrangements;

    .  the completion of definitive documentation relating to the term loan
       facility (and satisfaction of any conditions in those documents) and the
       merger;

    .  there being no material omissions from or inaccuracies in information
       Mohawk provided to the financial institutions; and

    .  compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

The commitment expires on March 31, 2002 if the merger has not been completed
by that time. The commitment will also terminate on the occurrence of any event
or the awareness of any fact or condition not previously disclosed to any of
these financial institutions that has, or could reasonably be expected to have,
a material adverse effect on the business, properties, prospects, operations or
condition (financial or otherwise) of Mohawk and its subsidiaries taken as a
whole, or Dal-Tile and its subsidiaries taken as a whole.

   Term Loan Facility.  Mohawk's obligations under the term loan facility will
not be secured by Mohawk's assets but, if the rating on Mohawk's senior,
unsecured debt falls below investment grade, the lenders will have the right to
require Mohawk to provide security. The term loan facility will mature 364 days
from the funding date. Mohawk may prepay amounts borrowed under the facility at
any time, without premium or penalty (other than customary yield maintenance
payments).

   The interest rate applicable to the term loan facility will be, at Mohawk's
option, the London interbank offered rate, or LIBOR, plus a margin or the
alternate base rate, or ABR, plus a margin. The ABR is the higher of the First
Union prime rate or the federal funds rate plus .5%.

   The applicable margin will also vary depending on the rating on Mohawk's
senior, unsecured debt. Also, in the case of either LIBOR loans or ABR loans,
the applicable margin will increase by .25% as of the end of each 90-day period
after the funding date that amounts under the applicable loan remain
outstanding.

   Further, the commitment requires Mohawk to pay the financial institutions
10% of any termination fee that Dal-Tile pays to Mohawk pursuant to the terms
of the merger agreement. See "--Expenses and Fees."

   The credit documents evidencing the term loan facility will contain, among
other things, customary:

    .  representations and warranties;

    .  affirmative, negative, and financial covenants; and

    .  events of default.

   These terms have not yet been agreed upon. In addition, Mohawk will
indemnify the lenders for costs, expenses and liabilities, including fees and
expenses of counsel, relating to the term loan facility and the transactions
contemplated by the credit documents.

   Mohawk intends to refinance the term loan as soon as practicable after
completion of the merger through the private placement of senior, unsecured
notes.

Stockholder Lawsuit Challenging the Merger

   On or about November 27, 2001, Frank Steinle, an individual stockholder of
Dal-Tile, purporting to represent a class of holders of Dal-Tile common stock,
filed a putative Class Action Complaint against Dal-Tile International Inc.,
Martin C. Murrer, John F. Fiedler, Norman E. Wells, Jr., Jacques R. Sardas,
Charles J. Pilliod, Jr., Douglas D. Danforth and Vincent A. Mai in the 162/nd/
Judicial District Court, Dallas County, Texas, Cause No. 01-10231. The
complaint alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by
agreeing to the merger. The complaint seeks injunctive relief and costs and
disbursements of the action, including attorneys' and experts' fees. The
defendants in this action believe that the complaint is without merit.

                           INFORMATION ABOUT MOHAWK

   Mohawk is a leading producer of tufted and woven broadloom carpet and rugs
for residential and commercial applications. Mohawk is the second largest
carpet and rug manufacturer in the United States, with net sales of
approximately $3.3 billion in 2000.

   Mohawk designs, manufactures and markets hundreds of styles of carpet, rugs
and mats in a broad range of colors, textures and patterns, as well as carpet
padding. In addition, Mohawk sells hard surface floorcovering products, which
include tile, laminate, vinyl and wood products. Mohawk positions its products
in all price ranges and emphasizes quality, style, performance and service.
Mohawk is widely recognized through its premier brand names, "Mohawk,"
"Aladdin," "American Rug Craftsmen," "American Weavers," "Mohawk Home,"
"Bigelow," "Bigelow Commercial," "Crown Crafts," "Custom Weave," "Durkan,"
"Galaxy," "Harbinger," "Helios," "Horizon," "Image," "Karastan," "Karastan
Contract," "Mohawk Commercial," "Newmark Rug," "World" and "WundaWeve" and
markets its products primarily through carpet retailers, home centers, mass
merchandisers, department stores, commercial dealers, and commercial end users.
Some products are also marketed through private labeling programs.

   Mohawk's manufacturing operations are vertically integrated and include the
extrusion of resin and post-consumer plastics into other materials used in the
manufacturing process like polypropylene, polyester and nylon fiber, yarn
processing, tufting, weaving, dyeing, coating and finishing.

   Mohawk is a Delaware corporation located at 160 S. Industrial Boulevard,
Calhoun, Georgia 30703, and its telephone number is (706) 629-7721.

                          INFORMATION ABOUT DAL-TILE

   Dal-Tile believes it is the leading manufacturer, marketer and distributor
of ceramic tile and natural stone in the United States and one of the largest
in the world. Dal-Tile produces a broad line of wall, floor, quarry and mosaic
tile products used in the residential and commercial markets for both new
construction and remodeling. Most of Dal-Tile's products are marketed under its
daltile and American Olean brand names.

   Dal-Tile is organized into three strategic business units: company-operated
sales and service centers, independent distributors and home center retailers.
Dal-Tile's company-operated sales center unit maintains over 200 sales and
service centers in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. Dal-Tile's
independent distributor unit distributes the American Olean brand through
approximately 200 independent distributor locations and five company-operated
sales and service centers serving a variety of residential and commercial
customers. Dal-Tile's home center retailer unit supplies products to more than
1,600 home center retail outlets operating in the do-it-yourself and
buy-it-yourself markets. Each business unit has a dedicated sales force
supporting that unit.

   Dal-Tile has three regional distribution centers located in California,
Maryland and Texas. Additionally, Dal-Tile has showroom and design centers in
Atlanta, Georgia and Dallas, Texas, where customers of local builders,
remodelers, architects, designers and contractors may view and select ceramic
tile and natural stone for their building projects.

   Dal-Tile is a Delaware corporation located at 7834 Hawn Freeway, Dallas,
Texas 75217, and its telephone number is (214) 398-1411.

                      DESCRIPTION OF MOHAWK CAPITAL STOCK

   Mohawk is authorized by its certificate of incorporation to issue up to
150,060,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (a) 150,000,000 shares of
common stock, $.01 par value per share and (b) 60,000 shares of preferred
stock, $.01 par value per share (none of which have been issued). The holders
of shares of Mohawk common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all
matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of
directors, and the holders of such shares exclusively possess all voting power.
The Mohawk certificate of incorporation provides for a classified board of
directors and does not provide for cumulative voting for the election of
directors. The holders of shares of Mohawk common stock are entitled to such
dividends as

may be declared from time to time by the board of directors from funds legally
available therefor, and are entitled to receive pro rata all assets of Mohawk
available for distribution to those holders upon liquidation. No shares of
Mohawk common stock have any preemptive, redemption or conversion rights, or
the benefits of any sinking fund. The Mohawk certificate of incorporation
authorizes the board of directors, without further stockholder approval, to
issue preferred stock and to fix, with respect to any series of preferred
stock, the dividend rights and terms, conversion rights, voting rights,
redemption rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking funds and any
other rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions applicable to each
series of preferred stock issued. See "Effect of the Merger on Rights of
Stockholders."

                EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile are both organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware. Any differences, therefore, in the rights of holders of Mohawk
capital stock and Dal-Tile capital stock arise primarily from differences in
their respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws. Upon completion of
the merger, holders of Dal-Tile common stock will become holders of Mohawk
common stock and their rights will be governed by Delaware law, the Mohawk
certificate of incorporation and the Mohawk bylaws. The rights of Mohawk
stockholders after completion of the merger will not differ from their rights
as they previously existed.

   This section of the joint proxy statement-prospectus describes the material
differences between the rights of Mohawk stockholders and Dal-Tile
stockholders. All Mohawk stockholders and Dal-Tile stockholders are urged to
read carefully the relevant provisions of Delaware law, as well as the
certificates of incorporation and bylaws of each of Mohawk and Dal-Tile. Copies
of the certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Mohawk and Dal-Tile will be
sent to Mohawk stockholders and Dal-Tile stockholders, as applicable, upon
request. See "Where You Can Find More Information."

Capitalization

   Mohawk.  The authorized capital stock of Mohawk consists of:

    .  150,000,000 shares of Mohawk common stock; and

    .  60,000 shares of Mohawk preferred stock.

   Dal-Tile.  The authorized capital stock of Dal-Tile consists of:

    .  200,000,000 shares of Dal-Tile common stock; and

    .  11,100,000 shares of Dal-Tile preferred stock.

Voting Rights

   Mohawk.  Each holder of Mohawk common stock has the right to cast one vote
for each share of Mohawk common stock held of record on all matters submitted
to a vote of stockholders of Mohawk, including the election of directors.
Holders of Mohawk common stock do not have cumulative voting rights.

   Dal-Tile.  Each holder of Dal-Tile common stock has the right to cast one
vote for each share of Dal-Tile common stock held of record on matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders of Dal-Tile, including the election of
directors. Holders of Dal-Tile common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights.

Number and Election of Directors

   Mohawk.  The board of directors of Mohawk currently has seven members. The
Mohawk certificate of incorporation provides that the number of directors of
Mohawk will not be less than two or more than 11, with the exact number of
directors to be fixed from time to time by the Mohawk board of directors by a
resolution approved by a majority of the directors.

   The Mohawk board of directors is divided into three classes, as nearly equal
in size as possible, with one class being elected each year. Members of the
Mohawk board of directors are elected to serve a term of three years, and until
their successors are elected and qualified.

   The Mohawk bylaws provide for directors to be elected by a plurality of the
votes cast by Mohawk stockholders entitled to vote in the election of directors
at a meeting at which a quorum is present.

   Dal-Tile.  The Dal-Tile bylaws provide that the Dal-Tile board of directors
will consist of five directors. The number of directors may be changed only by
amendment of the bylaws.

   Neither the Dal-Tile certificate of incorporation nor the Dal-Tile bylaws
provides for a staggered board of directors.

   The Dal-Tile bylaws provide for directors to be elected by a plurality of
the votes cast by Dal-Tile stockholders entitled to vote in the election of
directors at a meeting at which a quorum is present.

Removal of Directors and Vacancies on the Board of Directors

   General.  Delaware law provides that, except in the case of a classified
board of directors or where cumulative voting applies, a director, or the
entire board of directors, of a corporation may be removed, with or without
cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of the corporation
entitled to vote at an election of directors.

   Delaware law also provides that if, at the time of the filling of any
vacancy or newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute
less than a majority of the authorized number of directors, the Delaware Court
of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at
least 10% of the outstanding stock of the corporation having the right to vote
for such directors, order an election to be held to fill the vacancy or replace
the directors selected by the directors then in office.

   Mohawk.  Because Mohawk has a classified board and the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws do not provide otherwise, Mohawk's directors may only
be removed for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of the shares then entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors.

   Vacancies on the board of directors of Mohawk, including vacancies resulting
from an increase in the authorized number of directors or from the death,
resignation or removal of a director, may be filled only by a majority vote of
the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole
remaining director. Pursuant to Delaware law, directors elected to fill any
vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of directors of their class
and until their successors are elected and qualified.

   Dal-Tile.  Pursuant to the Dal-Tile bylaws, and Delaware law, Dal-Tile's
stockholders may, at a special meeting, remove any member of the board of
director with or without cause by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
shares of Dal-Tile common stock entitled to vote at an election of directors.
The stockholders also have the right to fill the vacancy created by such
removal at such special meeting. If the stockholders do not fill the vacancy at
the special meeting, the majority of the directors then in office, although
less than a quorum, may fill the vacancy. Additionally the majority of the
directors then in office, although less than a quorum, may fill any vacancies
created by the death or resignation of any director or for any other reason or
by an increase in the size of the board. Directors elected to fill vacancies
shall serve until their successors are elected and qualified or until their
earlier resignation or removal.

Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation

   General.  Under Delaware law, an amendment to the certificate of
incorporation of a corporation requires the approval of the corporation's board
of directors and the approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding stock
entitled to vote upon the proposed amendment, unless a higher vote is required
by the corporation's certificate of incorporation.

   Mohawk.  Mohawk's certificate of incorporation requires that the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by the
holders of all then outstanding shares of capital stock, voting together as a
single class, in order to make, alter, amend, change, add to or repeal any
provision of the certificate relating to the number of members of the board of
directors, board classification, vacancies and removal of directors or to amend
any other provision of the certificate of incorporation in a manner
inconsistent with these provisions. Other amendments to the certificate of
incorporation are governed by Delaware law and, therefore, require the approval
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote upon the
proposed amendment.

   Dal-Tile.  Dal-Tile's certificate of incorporation does not impose a higher
vote requirement than the requirement imposed by Delaware law to amend any
provision of the certificate.

Amendments to the Bylaws

   General.  Under Delaware law, stockholders entitled to vote have the power
to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws. In addition, a corporation may, in its
certificate of incorporation, confer this power on the board of directors. The
stockholders always have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws, even
though the board may also be delegated the power.

   Mohawk.  Mohawk's certificate of incorporation authorizes the Mohawk board
of directors to adopt, alter, amend or repeal any provision of Mohawk's bylaws
except as otherwise provided in the bylaws. Mohawk's bylaws provide that they
may be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors
then in office. Mohawk's bylaws further provide that any provision of Mohawk's
bylaws may be amended or repealed by a vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of capital stock entitled to vote.

   Dal-Tile.  Dal-Tile's certificate of incorporation authorizes the Dal-Tile
board of directors to make, alter, amend or repeal Dal-Tile's bylaws.
Dal-Tile's bylaws provide that they may be altered, amended or repealed or new
bylaws adopted if approved by a majority of all of the members of the board of
directors or by the holders of a majority of the total outstanding shares of
Dal-Tile voting stock entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders.

Action by Written Consent

   General.  Delaware law provides that, unless otherwise stated in the
certificate of incorporation, any action which may be taken at an annual
meeting or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, if a
consent in writing is signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having the
minimum number of votes necessary to authorize the action at a meeting of
stockholders.

   Mohawk.  The Mohawk certificate of incorporation limits the ability of its
stockholders to act by written consent by requiring any action by written
consent to be unanimous.

   Dal-Tile.  The Dal-Tile bylaws authorize stockholder action without a
meeting if a consent in writing is signed by the holders of outstanding stock
having the minimum number of votes necessary to authorize or take the action at
a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote are present and voted.

Ability to Call Special Stockholder Meetings

   Mohawk.  Special meetings of Mohawk stockholders may be called by Mohawk's
board of directors or by the chairman of the board. Stockholders do not have
the right to call a special meeting or to propose any business to be conducted
at a special meeting.

   Dal-Tile.  Special meetings of Dal-Tile stockholders may be called by
Dal-Tile's board of directors, the chairman of the board, or the president.
Additionally, a special meeting will be called if requested in writing by the
stockholders holding together at least 50% of the number of shares of stock
entitled to vote at the meeting. Stockholders do not have the right to propose
any business to be conducted at a special meeting.

Notice of Stockholder Action

   Mohawk.  Under the Mohawk bylaws, in order for a stockholder to nominate
candidates for election to Mohawk's board of directors at any annual meeting of
stockholders or any special stockholder meeting at which directors will be
elected, timely written notice must be given to the Secretary of Mohawk before
the annual or special meeting. Similarly, in order for a stockholder to propose
business to be brought before any annual stockholder meeting, timely written
notice must be given to the Secretary of Mohawk before the annual meeting.

   Under Mohawk's bylaws, to be timely, notice of stockholder nominations or
proposals to be made at an annual meeting must be made in accordance with rules
of the SEC regarding stockholder proposals then in effect. The SEC's rules
provide that notice must be received at the offices of Mohawk no less than 120
days before the date of Mohawk's proxy statement for the preceding year's
annual meeting. If Mohawk did not hold an annual meeting in the preceding year
or if the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or after the
anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, notice will also be timely
if delivered a reasonable time before Mohawk begins to print and mail its proxy
materials for the annual meeting. In the case of a special meeting, notice of a
stockholder nomination must be received no later than the earlier of the 30/th/
day following public announcement that a matter will be submitted to
stockholders for a vote at a special meeting or the 15/th/ day following the
date on which notice of the special meeting is given.

   A stockholder's notice to Mohawk must set forth the stockholder's name and
business address, the stockholder's name and address as they appear in Mohawk's
records and the number of shares of Mohawk common stock which are beneficially
owned by the stockholder. If any other persons are acting together with the
stockholder, this information must be provided with respect to those persons as
well.

   Notices relating to stockholder proposals must also include a brief
description of the business the stockholder proposes to bring before the
meeting, any material information relating to the proposal and any other
information the Mohawk board of directors reasonably determines is necessary
for the board and the stockholders to consider the proposal.

   Notices relating to stockholder nominations to the board of directors must
include the following information:

    .  the name, date of birth, business address and residence address of the
       person to be nominated;

    .  the business experience during the past five years of the nominee,
       including the nominee's principal occupation and employment during that
       period, the name and principal business of any organization in which
       such employment was carried on and other information about the nominee's
       responsibilities and level of professional competence to enable an
       assessment of the nominee's prior business experience;

    .  whether the nominee is or has ever been at any time a director, officer
       or owner of five percent or more of any class of equity security in any
       corporation or other entity;

    .  any directorships held by the nominee in any company with a class of
       securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of
       1934, as amended, or subject to the requirements of Section 15(d) of
       that act or any company registered as an investment company under the
       Investment Company Act of 1940;

    .  whether, in the last five years, the nominee has been convicted in a
       criminal proceeding or has been subject to a judgment, order, finding or
       decree of any governmental entity concerning any violation of any law or
       any proceeding in bankruptcy, which may be material to an evaluation of
       the ability or integrity of the nominee; and

    .  the consent of each nominee to serve as a director of Mohawk if so
       elected.

The presiding officer at any Mohawk stockholder meeting has the power to
determine whether the nomination or proposal was made by the stockholder in
accordance with the advance notice procedures set forth in Mohawk's

bylaws and Delaware law. If the presiding officer determines that the
nomination or proposal is not in compliance, the presiding officer may declare
that the defective proposal or nomination will be disregarded.

   Dal-Tile.  Under the Dal-Tile bylaws, in order for a stockholder to nominate
persons for election to the board of directors at an annual meeting of
stockholders or at a special meeting called for the purpose of electing
directors or to propose any business to be conducted at an annual meeting, the
stockholder must be a holder of record at the time of giving notice in
accordance with the provisions of the Dal-Tile bylaws and at the time of the
record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting
and must otherwise comply with the procedures set forth in the Dal-Tile bylaws.

   For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a
stockholder, including the nomination of candidates for election to Dal-Tile's
board of directors, the stockholder must give written notice to the Secretary
of Dal-Tile not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the
anniversary date of the annual meeting. However, if less than 70 days notice or
prior public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting is given or made to
stockholders, notice by a stockholder, in order to be timely, must be received
by Dal-Tile not later than the 10th day following the date on which the earlier
of notice is first given or public disclosure of the meeting is first made. In
order for a stockholder to make timely notice of a nomination for an election
to the board of directors to be held at a special meeting, notice must be
received by Dal-Tile not later than the 10th day following the earlier of the
date on which notice of the meeting is first given or public disclosure of the
meeting is first made.

   Stockholder notices relating to business to be transacted at an annual
meeting or relating to the nomination of candidates for election to the board
of directors must include:

    .  the stockholder's name and address as they appear on Dal-Tile's books;

    .  the class or series and number of shares of Dal-Tile stock which are
       owned beneficially or of record by the stockholder;

    .  a description of all arrangements or understandings between the
       stockholder and any other persons, including nominees for directors,
       relating to a nomination or business proposal by the stockholder, and
       any material interest the stockholder has in the business desired to be
       brought before the meeting; and

    .  a representation that the stockholder intends to appear in person or by
       proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons or bring the business
       specified in the notice before the meeting.

   In the case of a notice relating to a stockholder proposal, the notice must
also set forth a brief description of the business desired to be brought before
the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual
meeting.

   In the case of a notice of nomination of candidates for election to
Dal-Tile's board of directors, the notice must also set forth:

    .  the name, age, business address and residence of the person to be
       nominated;

    .  the principal occupation or employment of the nominee;

    .  the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of Dal-Tile
       owned beneficially or of record by the nominee;

    .  any other information about the nominee or the stockholder nominating
       the nominee required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other
       filing for the solicitation of proxies related to the election of
       directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
       and

    .  the consent of each nominee to serve as a director of Dal-Tile if so
       elected.

   The chairman of any annual meeting of Dal-Tile's stockholders may refuse to
permit any business to be brought before the meeting that fails to comply with
the advance notice procedures set forth in Dal-Tile's bylaws.

If the chairman determines that the nomination or proposal is not in compliance
with Dal-Tile's advance notice procedures, the chairman may declare that the
defective proposal or nomination will be disregarded.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

   General.  Under Delaware law, a corporation generally may indemnify
directors and officers:

    .  for actions taken in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed
       to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation; and

    .  with respect to any criminal proceeding, if the directors and officers
       had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful.

   In addition, Delaware law provides that a corporation may advance to a
director or officer expenses incurred in defending any action upon receipt of
an undertaking by the director or officer to repay the amount advanced if it is
ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification.

   Mohawk.  The Mohawk bylaws provide that any person who was or is a party or
is threatened to be a party to, or is involved in any action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or
investigative, because that person is or was a director or officer, or is or
was serving at the request of Mohawk as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, will be indemnified and held harmless by Mohawk to the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware law. The indemnification rights conferred by
Mohawk are not exclusive of any other right which persons seeking
indemnification may be entitled under any statute, Mohawk's certificate of
incorporation or bylaws, any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise. Mohawk is authorized to purchase and maintain insurance
on behalf of its directors and officers.

   In addition, Mohawk may pay expenses incurred by its directors and officers
in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding because they are
directors or officers in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit
or proceeding. The payment of expenses will be made only if Mohawk receives an
undertaking by or on behalf of a director or officer to repay all amounts
advanced if it is ultimately determined that the director or officer is not
entitled to be indemnified by Mohawk, as authorized by Mohawk's certificate of
incorporation and bylaws.

   Dal-Tile.  The Dal-Tile bylaws provide for indemnification, to the fullest
extent permitted by Delaware law, of any person who is or was a director or
officer of Dal-Tile and who is or was involved in any manner, or who is
threatened to be made involved in any manner, in any pending or completed
action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism,
investigation, administrative hearing or other proceeding by reason of the fact
that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of Dal-Tile, or
is or was serving at the request of Dal-Tile as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, although no indemnification is available to a director or
officer with respect to a proceeding that was commenced by the director or
officer unless the proceeding was authorized by the board of directors. The
indemnification rights conferred by Dal-Tile are not exclusive of any other
right which persons seeking indemnification may be entitled under any statute,
Dal-Tile's certificate of incorporation or bylaws, any agreement, vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

   Dal-Tile is authorized to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of its
directors, officers, employees and agents.

   In addition, the Dal-Tile bylaws provide that all reasonable expenses
incurred by or on behalf of a director or officer in connection with any
investigation, claim, action, suit or proceeding will be advanced to the
director or officer by Dal-Tile upon the request of the director or officer
which request will include an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or
officer to repay the amounts advanced if ultimately it is determined that the
director or officer was not entitled to be indemnified against the expenses.

   Dal-Tile has also entered into agreements to provide indemnification for its
directors in addition to the indemnification provided for in its bylaws. These
agreements, among other things, indemnify the directors, to the

fullest extent provided by Delaware law, for certain expenses (including
attorney's fees), losses, claims, liabilities, judgments, fines and settlement
amounts incurred by the person seeking indemnification in any action or
proceeding, including any action by or in the right of Dal-Tile, on account of
services as a director or officer of any of Dal-Tile's affiliates, or as a
director or officer of any other company or enterprise that the person seeking
indemnification provides services to at Dal-Tile's request

State Anti-Takeover Statutes

   General.  Under the business combination statute of Delaware law, a
corporation is prohibited, for a three year period following the time a
stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, from engaging in any business
combination with an interested stockholder who, together with its affiliates or
associates, owns, or who is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and
within a three-year period did own, 15% or more of the corporation's voting
stock, unless:

    .  prior to the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the
       board of directors of the corporation approved either the business
       combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
       becoming an interested stockholder;

    .  the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the
       corporation, excluding specified shares, upon consummation of the
       transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
       stockholder; or

    .  at or subsequent to the time the stockholder became an interested
       stockholder, the business combination is approved by the board of
       directors of the corporation and authorized by the affirmative vote, at
       an annual or special meeting and not by written consent, of at least
       66 2/3% of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, excluding
       shares held by that interested stockholder.

   A business combination generally includes:

    .  mergers, consolidations and sales or other dispositions of 10% or more
       of the assets of a corporation to or with an interested stockholder;

    .  specified transactions resulting in the issuance or transfer to an
       interested stockholder of any capital stock of the corporation or its
       subsidiaries; and

    .  other transactions resulting in a disproportionate financial benefit to
       an interested stockholder.

   The provisions of the Delaware business combination statute do not apply to
a corporation if, subject to certain requirements, the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of the corporation contain a provision expressly
electing not to be governed by the provisions of the statute or the corporation
does not have voting stock listed on a national securities exchange, authorized
for quotation on the NASDAQ Stock Market or held of record by more than 2,000
stockholders.

   Mohawk.  Because Mohawk has not adopted any provision in its certificate of
incorporation to "opt-out" of the Delaware business combination statute, the
statute is applicable to business combinations involving Mohawk. In addition,
the following provisions contained in Mohawk's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws may discourage or delay attempts to gain control of Mohawk. Mohawk's
certificate of incorporation includes provisions (a) classifying the board of
directors into three classes, (b) authorizing directors to fill vacancies on
the board of directors occurring between annual stockholders meetings, (c)
requiring the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the outstanding shares to
alter, amend or otherwise modify any provision of the certificate relating to
the number of members of the board of directors, board classification,
vacancies and removal of directors or to amend any other provision of the
certificate in a manner inconsistent with these provisions and (d) requiring
that special meetings may be called only by the board of directors or the
chairman of the board. Mohawk's bylaws include provisions governing the conduct
of business at stockholder meetings and the nominations of persons for election
as Mohawk directors.

   Dal-Tile.  Because Dal-Tile has not adopted any provision in its certificate
of incorporation to "opt-out" of the Delaware business combination statute, the
statute is applicable to business combinations involving Dal-Tile.

                    COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

   Mohawk common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "MHK." Dal-Tile common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "DTL". The following table sets forth, for the indicated
periods, the high and low closing sale prices for the Mohawk and Dal-Tile
common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. Neither Mohawk nor
Dal-Tile has paid any cash dividends on their common stock during the periods
indicated. The stock prices do not include retail mark-ups, mark-downs or
commissions.

                                                 Mohawk      Dal-Tile
                                              Common Stock Common Stock
                                              ------------ ------------
                                               High   Low   High   Low
                                              ------ ----- -----  -----
                                                 (Dollars per Share)

          First Quarter......................  26.00 18.94 10.13   6.13
          Second Quarter.....................  26.25 20.50 10.50   8.00
          Third Quarter......................  27.81 21.13 12.81   7.00
          Fourth Quarter.....................  29.13 19.06 14.31  11.00

          First Quarter......................  32.20 27.25 17.25  12.19
          Second Quarter.....................  35.46 28.06 18.55  13.69
          Third Quarter......................  46.22 29.94 19.48  11.31
          Fourth Quarter.....................  55.55 35.90 23.25  14.25

          First Quarter (through      , 2002)

   On November 19, 2001, the last trading day prior to public announcement of
the merger, the last sale price of Mohawk common stock as reported on the New
York Stock Exchange was $51.38 per share and the last sale price of Dal-Tile
common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange was $17.60 per share.

   Mohawk has not paid or declared any cash dividends on shares of its common
stock since 1992. Mohawk's policy is to retain all net earnings for the
development of its business, and it does not anticipate paying cash dividends
on the Mohawk common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of future
cash dividends will be at the sole discretion of the board of directors and
will depend upon Mohawk's profitability, financial condition, cash
requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the board
of directors. The payment of cash dividends is limited by certain covenants
within various of Mohawk's loan agreements.

                    BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOLLOWING THE MERGER

   Upon completion of the merger, the board of directors of Mohawk will consist
of nine individuals. Under the merger agreement, Dal-Tile will designate two
members to serve on the Mohawk board of directors.                    will
serve as a Class        director, with a term expiring in       , and
will serve as a Class        director, with a term expiring in       . The
merger agreement further provides that one of the members designated by
Dal-Tile must be "independent," as defined in the rules of the New York Stock
Exchange.

   Dal-Tile has designated the following individuals to serve on the Mohawk
board of directors:

                             STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

   Whether or not the merger is completed as expected, Mohawk will hold an
annual stockholders' meeting in 2002. If the merger is not completed, Dal-Tile
will hold an annual stockholders' meeting in 2002. Subject to the requirements
of Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, stockholders of each company may present
proposals for inclusion in a company's proxy statement and for consideration at
the next annual meeting of its stockholders by submitting their proposals to
the company in a timely manner.

   Mohawk 2002 Annual Meeting.  The deadline for submission of a stockholder
proposal in connection with the 2002 annual meeting of Mohawk stockholders has
already passed. If, however, Mohawk schedules an annual meeting of stockholders
to be held on a date after June 17, 2002, stockholders may present a proposal
for inclusion in Mohawk's proxy statement and presentation at the annual
meeting a reasonable time before Mohawk begins to print and mail its proxy
materials. Under Mohawk's bylaws, the deadline for a stockholder to present a
proposal for consideration at the special meeting is December 19, 2001.

   Dal-Tile 2002 Annual Meeting.  The deadline for submission of a stockholder
proposal in connection with the 2002 annual meeting of Dal-Tile stockholders
was December 15, 2001. If, however, Dal-Tile schedules an annual meeting of
stockholders to be held on a date after May 27, 2002, stockholders may present
a proposal for inclusion in Dal-Tile's proxy statement and presentation at the
annual meeting a reasonable time before Dal-Tile begins to print and mail its
proxy materials.

                                    EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements and schedules of Mohawk Industries,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000, have been incorporated
herein by reference and in the joint proxy statement-prospectus in reliance
upon the report of KPMG LLP, independent auditors, and upon the authority of
said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   The consolidated financial statements and schedule of Dal-Tile International
Inc. and subsidiaries, at December 29, 2000 and December 31, 1999, and for each
of the three years in the period ended December 29, 2000 included in the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Dal-Tile International Inc., which has been incorporated
herein by reference and which is referred to and made a part of this joint
proxy statement-prospectus and registration statement, have been audited by
Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, as set forth in their report thereon
and incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the
authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

                                   OPINIONS

   The legality of the shares of Mohawk common stock to be issued in the merger
will be passed upon by Alston & Bird LLP, Atlanta, Georgia.

   Certain tax consequences of the transaction will be passed upon for Mohawk
by Alston & Bird LLP, Atlanta, Georgia, and for Dal-Tile by Vinson & Elkins
L.L.P., Dallas, Texas.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information with the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. You may read and copy this information at the Public
Reference Section at the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Judiciary Plaza,
Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the
Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.

The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information about issuers that file electronically with
the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. In addition, you can
read and copy this information at the regional offices of the SEC at Woolworth
Building, 233 Broadway, New York, New York 10279 and Citicorp Center, 500 West
Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661. You can also inspect
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information about Mohawk
and Dal-Tile at the offices of the New York Stock Exchange, 20 Broad Street,
New York, New York 10005.

   Mohawk filed a registration statement with the SEC under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, relating to the Mohawk common stock offered to the
Dal-Tile stockholders. The registration statement contains additional
information about Mohawk and the Mohawk common stock. The SEC allows Mohawk to
omit certain information included in the registration statement from this joint
proxy statement-prospectus. The registration statement may be inspected and
copied at the SEC's public reference facilities described above.

   This joint proxy statement-prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Mohawk and Dal-Tile that is not included in or
delivered with this joint proxy statement-prospectus. The following documents
filed with the SEC by Mohawk are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus (SEC File No. 001-19826):

          (1)  Mohawk's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
       December 31, 2000, including Amendment No. 1 to that report;

          (2)  Mohawk's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three months
       ended March 31, 2001, June 30, 2001, and September 29, 2001; and

          (3)  Mohawk's Current Reports on Form 8-K dated February 8, April 16,
       July 16, October 15, November 19 and December 7, 2001.

   The following documents filed with the SEC by Dal-Tile are incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement-prospectus (SEC File No. 33-64140):

          (1)  Dal-Tile's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
       December 29, 2000;

          (2)  Dal-Tile's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three months
       ended March 30, 2001, June 29, 2001, and September 28, 2001; and

          (3)  Dal-Tile's Current Reports on Form 8-K dated October 29,
       November 20 and December 7, 2001.

   Mohawk and Dal-Tile also incorporate by reference additional documents filed
by them pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
after the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus and prior to final
adjournment of the special meetings. Any statement contained in this joint
proxy statement-prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement-prospectus shall be
deemed to be modified or superseded to the extent that a statement contained
herein or in any subsequently filed document which also is, or is deemed to be,
incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement.

   You may obtain copies of the information incorporated by reference in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus upon written or oral request. The inside front
cover of this joint proxy statement-prospectus contains information about how
such requests should be made. Any request for documents should be made by
      , 2002 to ensure timely delivery of the documents.

   All information contained in this joint proxy statement-prospectus or
incorporated herein by reference with respect to Mohawk was supplied by Mohawk,
and all information contained in this joint proxy statement-prospectus with
respect to Dal-Tile was supplied by Dal-Tile.

                          FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   This joint proxy statement-prospectus contains "forward-looking statements''
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
particularly those statements regarding the effects of the Dal-Tile
acquisition, and those preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the
words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "estimates," or similar
expressions. For those statements, Mohawk and Dal-Tile claim the protection of
the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements relating
to expectations about future results or events are based upon information
available to Mohawk and Dal-Tile as of today's date, and neither Mohawk nor
Dal-Tile assumes any obligation to update any of these statements. The
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of the future performance of
Mohawk or the combined company and actual results may vary materially from the
results and expectations discussed. Although Mohawk and Dal-Tile have entered
into the merger agreement, there is no assurance that the parties will complete
the merger. In the event Mohawk and Dal-Tile do not receive necessary
government or stockholder approvals or fail to satisfy conditions to closing,
the transaction will terminate. Additional risks and uncertainties related to
the merger include, but are not limited to the following:

    .  conditions in the financial markets relevant to the proposed merger;

    .  the successful integration of Dal-Tile into Mohawk's business;

    .  each company's ability to compete in the highly competitive flooring
       industry;

    .  changes in economic conditions generally in the carpet, rug and flooring
       markets served by Mohawk and the combined company;

    .  increased competition from other carpet, rug, ceramic tile and flooring
       manufacturers;

    .  increased raw material prices;

    .  the timing and level of capital expenditures;

    .  the successful integration of acquisitions including the challenges
       inherent in diverting Mohawk's management attention and resources from
       other strategic matters and from operational matters for an extended
       period of time;

    .  the successful introduction of new products; and

    .  the successful rationalization of existing operations.

   For additional information that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those described in the forward looking statements, you should
refer to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for Mohawk for the year ended December
31, 2000 and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for Dal-Tile for the fiscal year
ended December 29, 2000, including any amendments.

                    UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

   The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated balance
sheet as of September 29, 2001 and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated statements of earnings for the nine months ended September 29,
2001 and the year ended December 31, 2000 give effect to the proposed merger,
accounted for as a purchase transaction. The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated financial information is based on the historical
consolidated financial statements of Mohawk and Dal-Tile using the assumptions
and adjustments set forth in the accompanying notes. The primary reasons for
the merger include:

    .  the ability to combine Mohawk's current efforts in the hard-flooring
       business with Dal-Tile's larger, more established ceramic tile and
       natural stone business;

    .  the opportunity to use Mohawk and Dal-Tile's existing customer
       relationships to increase sales of both carpets and hard floorcoverings;

    .  the opportunity to further develop Mohawk's various brands and increase
       sales by distributing its products through Dal-Tile's distribution
       network;

    .  the potential to reduce overhead and other costs by adding Dal-Tile's
       distribution network to Mohawk's logistical and distribution system;

    .  the potential to reduce manufacturing costs and increase quality by
       identifying manufacturing best practices from Dal-Tile's operations and
       applying them to Mohawk's manufacturing operations and vice-versa; and

    .  the potential to reduce general, administrative, overhead and other
       miscellaneous costs by spreading fixed costs over a larger business.

   Accordingly, the valuation resulted in the recognition of goodwill.

   The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated balance sheet gives
effect to the merger as if the merger had been consummated at September 29,
2001. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated statements of
earnings give effect to the merger as if the merger had been consummated at
January 1, 2000. While Mohawk believes that synergies and cost savings may
result from the merger, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated
financial information does not give effect to the anticipated synergies or cost
savings in connection with the merger.

   The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial
information should be read in conjunction with Mohawk's consolidated historical
financial statements and those of Dal-Tile, including the respective notes to
those statements. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of
the combined financial position and results of operations in the future, or of
the combined financial position and the results of operations, which would have
resulted, had the merger been consummated during the periods or as of the dates
for which the pro forma information is presented.

       UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                              September 29, 2001
                                (In thousands)

                                              Historical
                                         --------------------   Pro Forma      Pro Forma
                                           Mohawk    Dal-Tile  Adjustments     Combined
                                         ----------  --------  -----------     ---------
ASSETS

Current assets:
   Cash................................. $       --       899                        899
   Receivables..........................    432,651   125,784      24,460  (a)   582,895
   Inventories..........................    576,218   158,688      (6,933) (b)   727,973
   Prepaid expenses.....................     13,337    20,508                     33,845
   Deferred income taxes................     66,474        --                     66,474
                                         ----------  --------   ---------      ---------
       Total current assets.............  1,088,680   305,879      17,527      1,412,086
Property, plant and
  equipment, net........................    630,049   225,876      56,000  (c)   911,925
Goodwill, net...........................    109,969   134,674     846,875  (d) 1,091,518
Other intangible assets, net............         --    16,757     560,671  (d)   577,428
Other assets............................      5,831    10,405                     16,236
                                         ----------  --------   ---------      ---------
                                         $1,834,529   693,591   1,481,073      4,009,193
                                         ==========  ========   =========      =========
LIABILITIES AND
  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Current portion of long-term debt.... $  238,215    19,197     700,000  (e)   957,412
   Accounts payable and
     accrued expenses...................    412,075   118,986                    531,061
                                         ----------  --------   ---------      ---------
       Total current liabilities........    650,290   138,183     700,000      1,488,473
Deferred income taxes...................     75,808    26,078     225,603  (f)   327,489
Long-term debt, less
  current portion.......................    219,571   242,500       7,461  (e)   469,532
Other long-term liabilities.............      4,806    19,318                     24,124
                                         ----------  --------   ---------      ---------
       Total liabilities................    950,475   426,079     933,064      2,309,618
                                         ----------  --------   ---------      ---------
Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock......................         --        --                         --
   Common stock.........................        613       559        (435) (g)       737
   Additional paid-in capital...........    193,722   459,004     356,393  (g) 1,009,119
   Retained earnings (deficit)..........    887,930  (115,302)    115,302  (g)   887,930
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss.     (4,617)  (76,749)     76,749  (g)    (4,617)
                                         ----------  --------   ---------      ---------
                                          1,077,648   267,512     548,009      1,893,169
   Less treasury stock..................    193,594        --                    193,594
                                         ----------  --------   ---------      ---------
       Total stockholders' equity.......    884,054   267,512     548,009      1,699,575
                                         ----------  --------   ---------      ---------
                                         $1,834,529   693,591   1,481,073      4,009,193
                                         ==========  ========   =========      =========

     See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
                      Consolidated Financial Information.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED
                             STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
                 FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 29, 2001
                     (In thousands, except per share data)

                                                          Historical
                                                      -------------------  Pro Forma    Pro Forma
                                                        Mohawk   Dal-Tile Adjustments   Combined
                                                      ---------- -------- -----------   ---------

Net sales............................................ $2,441,697 777,986    (51,627)(h) 3,168,056
Cost of sales........................................  1,826,309 410,793      4,200 (i) 2,241,302
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
       Gross profit..................................    615,388 367,193    (55,827)      926,754
                                                                             (4,134)(j)
Selling, general and administrative expenses.........    385,814 256,427    (51,627)(h)   586,480
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
       Operating income..............................    229,574 110,766        (66)      340,274
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
Other expense:
   Interest expense, net.............................     24,053  16,996     23,577 (k)    64,626
   Other expense, net................................      4,094   1,029                    5,123
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
                                                          28,147  18,025     23,577        69,749
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
       Earnings before income taxes..................    201,427  92,741    (23,643)      270,525
Income taxes.........................................     72,028  35,705     (8,748)(l)    98,985
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
       Net earnings.................................. $  129,399  57,036    (14,895)      171,540
                                                      ========== =======    =======     =========
Basic earnings per share............................. $     2.47                             2.65
                                                      ==========                        =========
Weighted-average common shares outstanding...........     52,347             12,412 (m)    64,759
                                                      ==========            =======     =========
Diluted earnings per share........................... $     2.44                             2.62
                                                      ==========                        =========
Weighted-average common and dilutive potential common
  shares outstanding.................................     53,021             12,429 (m)    65,450
                                                      ==========            =======     =========

     See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
                      Consolidated Financial Information.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED
                             STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                     (In thousands, except per share data)

                                                          Historical
                                                      -------------------  Pro Forma    Pro Forma
                                                        Mohawk   Dal-Tile Adjustments   Combined
                                                      ---------- -------- -----------   ---------

Net sales............................................ $3,255,846 952,156    (64,549)(h) 4,143,453
Cost of sales........................................  2,432,997 497,933      5,600 (i) 2,936,530
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
       Gross profit..................................    822,849 454,223    (70,149)    1,206,923
                                                                             (5,512)(j)
Selling, general and administrative expenses.........    505,734 317,160    (64,549)(h)   752,833
Class action legal settlement........................      7,000      --                    7,000
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
       Operating income..............................    310,115 137,063        (88)      447,090
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
Other expense:
   Interest expense, net.............................     38,044  29,998     48,710 (k)   116,752
   Other expense, net................................      4,442     444                    4,886
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
                                                          42,486  30,442     48,710       121,638
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
       Earnings before income taxes .................    267,629 106,621    (48,798)      325,452
Income taxes.........................................    105,030   5,864     17,130 (l)   128,024
                                                      ---------- -------    -------     ---------
       Net earnings.................................. $  162,599 100,757    (65,928)      197,428
                                                      ========== =======    =======     =========
Basic earnings per share............................. $     3.02                             2.98
                                                      ==========                        =========
Weighted-average common shares outstanding...........     53,769             12,412 (m)    66,181
                                                      ==========            =======     =========
Diluted earnings per share........................... $     3.00                             2.96
                                                      ==========                        =========
Weighted-average common and dilutive potential common
  shares outstanding.................................     54,255             12,429 (m)    66,684
                                                      ==========            =======     =========

     See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
                      Consolidated Financial Information.

Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Consolidated Financial
                                  Information

   This section sets forth (i) an unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated balance sheet as of September 29, 2001, (ii) unaudited pro forma
condensed combined consolidated statements of earnings for the nine months
ended September 29, 2001 and for the year ended December 31, 2000, and (iii)
the related notes thereto. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with the
historical consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto of
Mohawk and of Dal-Tile included in the documents described under "Where You Can
Find More Information."

   The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated balance sheet
combines the unaudited historical consolidated balance sheets of Mohawk and
Dal-Tile, as of September 29, 2001 and September 28, 2001, respectively, as if
the merger had been completed on September 29, 2001. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined consolidated statements of earnings combine the historical
consolidated statements of earnings of Mohawk and Dal-Tile for the nine months
ended September 29, 2001 and September 28, 2001 and for the years ended
December 31, 2000 and December 29, 2000, respectively as if the merger had been
completed on January 1, 2000. The merger will be accounted for as a purchase
for financial accounting purposes as required by SFAS No. 141, Business
Combinations, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States. For purposes of preparing Mohawk's consolidated financial
statements, Mohawk will establish a new basis for Dal-Tile's assets and
liabilities based upon their fair values, the merger consideration and the cost
of the merger. Mohawk believes that any excess cost over fair value of the net
assets of Dal-Tile will be recorded as goodwill and other intangible assets. A
final determination of the intangible asset values and required purchase
accounting adjustments, including the allocation of the purchase price to the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values,
has not yet been made. Mohawk will determine the fair value of Dal-Tile's
assets and liabilities and will make appropriate purchase accounting
adjustments upon completion of such determination. However, for purposes of
disclosing pro forma information in this joint proxy statement-prospectus,
Mohawk has made a preliminary determination of the purchase price allocation
based upon current estimates and assumptions, which is subject to revision upon
completion the merger.

   The key events that need to occur before Mohawk can finalize its purchase
price allocation include consummation of the merger, final determination of the
exchange ratio and measurement date and completion of the valuation of Dal-Tile
being performed. Mohawk has not identified any preacquisition contingencies at
this time and does not anticipate any material changes to the purchase price
allocation included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated
financial information. However, factors such as the final exchange ratio and
Mohawk stock price used to value the transaction, the final balance sheet of
Dal-Tile prior to closing and the results of the final valuation of Dal-Tile
all will have an impact on the final purchase price allocation. Mohawk expects
to complete the allocation within one year from the closing date.

   The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial
information is intended for informational purposes only and is not necessarily
indicative of the future financial position or future results of operations of
the combined company, or of the financial position or results of operations of
the combined company that would have actually occurred had the merger been in
effect as of the date or for the periods presented. For purposes of the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information,
certain reclassifications have been made to Dal-Tile's historical amounts to
conform to Mohawk classifications.

Note 1.  Purchase Price

   The merger agreement provides that, each share of Dal-Tile common stock
outstanding at the completion of the merger (subject to certain limitations
described below), will be converted into and become the right to receive a
fraction of a share of Mohawk common stock (as described in Note 3(m)) and
$11.00 in cash. The Dal-Tile stock option holders have the alternatives of (1)
exercising their options prior to the effective time and converting the
Dal-Tile stock resulting from the exercise to the combination of cash and
Mohawk stock, (2) electing to receive (a) cash (at $22.00 per option less the
exercise price of Dal-Tile stock) for one half of their options and (b) options
to acquire Mohawk stock (equal to two times the exchange ratio multiplied by
the number of options) for one-half of their options at an exercise price equal
to the Dal-Tile exercise price divided by two times the

       Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Consolidated
                       Financial Information, Continued

exchange ratio or (3) continuing to hold their Dal-Tile stock options which
shall become exercisable for the amount of cash and the number of shares of
Mohawk common stock such holder would have received had such holder exercised
their options immediately prior to the completion of the merger. It has been
assumed that all Dal-Tile stock option holders will elect alternative (2).

   The total purchase price, based upon the number of shares of Dal-Tile common
stock and options outstanding at September 28, 2001, would be as follows:

                                                        (In thousands)
                                                        --------------

        Total market value of Mohawk stock to be issued   $  674,855 (1)
        Cash consideration.............................      682,461 (2)
        Estimated fair value of stock options exchanged      140,666 (3)
        Direct merger costs............................       25,000 (4)
                                                          ----------
               Total purchase price....................   $1,522,982
                                                          ==========

- --------

(1) Assumes a Mohawk stock price of $54.37 per share. See Note 3(m).

(2) Represents the cash paid for outstanding Dal-Tile stock and for Dal-Tile
    options cashed out.

(3) Represents the fair value of Dal-Tile options exchanged for Mohawk options.
    The fair value of the Dal-Tile options was determined based upon the Mohawk
    stock price of $54.37 and an exchange ratio of .4426 using the
    Black-Scholes option valuation model using a risk-free rate of 3.5%, a
    volatility rate of 43.81% and an expected term of the vested options of 2.5
    years.

(4) Estimated direct merger costs include:

                                                  (In thousands)
                                                  --------------

Change in control payments to Dal-Tile management    $11,200
Investment banking fees..........................      8,150
Legal fees.......................................      2,500
Accounting fees..................................      1,200
Other costs......................................      1,950
                                                     -------
       Total transaction costs...................    $25,000
                                                     =======

Note 2.  Allocation of Purchase Price

                                                                                                 (In thousands)
                                                                                                 --------------

Total purchase price............................................................................   $1,522,982
                                                                                                   ----------
Net assets of Dal-Tile based on historical carrying amounts as of September 28, 2001............      267,512
Income tax receivable for Dal-Tile options cashed-out...........................................       24,460
Increase (decrease) in net assets to reflect estimated fair value adjustments under the purchase
  method of accounting:
Inventory adjustment............................................................................       (6,933)
Property, plant and equipment...................................................................       56,000
Trademarks......................................................................................      132,511
Customer relationships..........................................................................      428,160
Deferred tax liability..........................................................................     (225,603)
                                                                                                   ----------
   Fair value of net assets acquired............................................................      676,107
                                                                                                   ----------
   Goodwill.....................................................................................   $  846,875
                                                                                                   ==========

       Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Consolidated
                       Financial Information, Continued

Note 3.  Pro Forma Adjustments

   The following are descriptions of the pro forma purchase accounting and
other merger-related adjustments, labeled (a) through (m), which have been
reflected in the accompanying pro forma condensed combined consolidated balance
sheet and pro forma condensed combined consolidated statements of earnings:

(a)  Represents income tax receivable on options exercised.

(b)  This adjustment reflects the amounts necessary to state Dal-Tile
inventories on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis versus the historical
last-in, first-out (LIFO) basis.

(c)  Adjustment to reflect the estimated fair market value of property, plant
and equipment.

(d)  The adjustments of $846.9 million and $560.7 million represent the
estimated increase to Dal-Tile's existing goodwill and other intangible assets,
respectively, related to the merger. In accordance with SFAS No. 142, the
goodwill recorded in the merger will not be amortized. Additionally, both the
trademark and customer relationship intangible assets have indefinite lives.
The following table summarizes the goodwill and other intangible assets
(amounts in thousands):

                                          Historical
                                       -----------------
                                                          Pro Forma  Pro Forma
                                        Mohawk  Dal-Tile Adjustments Combined
                                       -------- -------- ----------- ---------

Goodwill, net......................... $109,969 134,674    846,875   1,091,518
                                       ======== =======    =======   =========
Trademarks............................ $     --  14,089    132,511     146,600
Customer relationships................       --      --    428,160     428,160
Other intangible assets...............       --   2,668         --       2,668
                                       -------- -------    -------   ---------
   Total other intangible assets, net. $     --  16,757    560,671     577,428
                                       ======== =======    =======   =========

    In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 141,
Business Combinations, and SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.
SFAS No. 141 requires that the purchase method of accounting be used for all
business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001. SFAS No. 142 will require
that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be
amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually in accordance
with the provisions of SFAS No. 142.

    Mohawk is required to adopt the provisions of SFAS No. 141 immediately, and
SFAS No. 142 effective January 1, 2002. Furthermore, any Mohawk goodwill that
was acquired in a purchase business combination completed after June 30, 2001
will not be amortized. Goodwill acquired by Mohawk in business combinations
completed before July 1, 2001 will discontinue being amortized after
December 31, 2001.

    Mohawk has evaluated its existing goodwill that was acquired in prior
purchase business combinations for impairment and has concluded that no
adjustment to the Mohawk historical consolidated financial statements is
required.

    As of the date of adoption, the Company expects to have unamortized
goodwill in the amount of $109.2 million. Amortization expense related to
goodwill was $3.2 million and $2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000
and the nine months ended September 29, 2001, respectively.

    No adjustments for Mohawk's goodwill amortization have been included in the
pro forma financial information for Mohawk's acquisitions prior to July 1, 2001.

(e)  Represents an increase in Mohawk borrowings of $969.2 million to fund the
cash portion of the purchase price and to refinance Dal-Tile's existing
indebtedness. Initially, Mohawk will finance the purchase price with a bridge
loan, which is expected to be replaced by permanent financing. See "The
Merger--Financing."

(f)  Adjustment to record deferred taxes for temporary differences between the
fair value and the tax bases of certain acquired assets based upon the
assumption the merger will be completed as a tax-free reorganization.

       Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Consolidated
                       Financial Information, Continued

(g)  Represents (i) the elimination of Dal-Tile's historical stockholders'
equity, (ii) the issuance by Mohawk of 12.4 million common shares as the stock
portion of the merger consideration, at a total market value of $674.9 million
based on the Mohawk stock price of $54.37 with an exchange ratio of 0.2213 and
(iii) an adjustment of $140.7 million to record the fair value of Dal-Tile
options that will be exchanged for Mohawk options. See Note 1 of the Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Consolidated Financial Information.

(h)  For purposes of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated
financial information, Dal-Tile's shipping and handling costs have been
reclassified to net sales so Dal-Tile's historical amounts conform to Mohawk
classifications.

(i)  Represents the estimated adjustment in depreciation expense as a result of
adjusting certain property, plant and equipment to fair value and changing
Dal-Tile fixed asset useful lives to conform to Mohawk. The estimated
adjustments were calculated based on the historical net book value of
Dal-Tile's property, plant and equipment plus the estimated step-up to fair
value for the property, plant and equipment. It was assumed in calculating the
adjustment that the useful life of each asset would start over for purposes of
depreciation. The useful life of Dal-Tile's buildings was changed from 30 to 35
years and furniture and fixtures was changed from an average of approximately
7 1/2 years to five years. The useful life of buildings was extended because
Mohawk's practice is to utilize its buildings for at least their estimated
useful lives, making the necessary repairs and performing the required
maintenance to realize the longer useful life.

(j)   Represents the reversal of goodwill and other intangible amortization
included in Dal-Tile's historical financial statements. Amounts reversed in
2000 are $4.7 million and $.8 million and in 2001 $3.6 million and $.5 million
for goodwill and tradenames, respectively.

(k)  Includes an increase in interest expense as a result of the planned
borrowing to fund the cash portion of the purchase price. The refinancing of
the existing Dal-Tile debt and the cash portion of the purchase price will
initially be made through Mohawk's existing variable-rate debt and the $700
million bridge loan which also carries a variable interest rate. Mohawk's
existing variable-rate debt and the bridge loan each incur annual interest at
LIBOR plus 1.37% and LIBOR plus .37%, respectively. The average LIBOR rate was
4.32% and 6.53% for the periods ended September 29, 2001 and December 31, 2000,
respectively. A change of  1/8% in the interest rate would change interest
expense by approximately $.9 million and $1.3 million for the periods ended
September 29, 2001 and December 31, 2000, respectively. Mohawk plans to obtain
permanent long-term financing. If successful, interest rates are expected to
increase over those rates reflected in these unaudited pro forma condensed
combined consolidated statements of earnings.

(l)  Represents the income tax effect of the pro forma adjustments at an
estimated rate of 37.0%. Additionally, the historical income tax expense of
Dal-Tile included a U.S. federal income tax benefit due to the reversal of a
valuation allowance originally recorded in connection with Dal-Tile's net
operating loss carry forward. This benefit reduced Dal-Tile's effective tax
rate from an estimated 38.5% to 5.5% in 2000. However, had the merger been
completed on January 1, 2000, the valuation allowance would have been reversed
as of that date. Accordingly, the historical income tax expense for Dal-Tile
has been increased to an estimated rate of 38.5%.

(m)  Under the terms of the merger agreement, Dal-Tile stockholders will
receive for each Dal-Tile share $11.00 in cash and a fraction of a share of
Mohawk common stock calculated as follows: (i) .2213 of a share of Mohawk if
the average closing price of Mohawk common share is greater than $54.67 per
share; (ii) a fraction of a share of Mohawk common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing $12.10 by the average closing price of Mohawk common
stock, if the average closing price of a Mohawk common share is greater than
$50.12 per share, but less than or equal to $54.67 per share; (iii) .2414 of a
share of Mohawk if the average closing price of Mohawk common stock is equal to
or greater than $41.00 per share, but equal to or less than $50.12 per share;
(iv) a fraction of a share of Mohawk common stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing $9.90 by the average closing price, if the average closing
price is greater than or equal to $36.45 per share, but less than $41.00 per
share; or (v) .2716 of a share of Mohawk if the average closing price of Mohawk
common stock is

       Notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Consolidated
                       Financial Information, Continued

less than $36.45 per share. The average closing price is defined in the
agreement as the average of the daily closing prices for Mohawk common stock on
the New York Stock Exchange during the twenty consecutive full trading days
ending on the trading day three full trading days prior to the completion of
the merger. This unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial
information reflects an exchange rate of .2213. This exchange ratio is based on
the Mohawk stock price at December 26, 2001 which exceeds the highest Mohawk
stock price used in the exchange ratio calculation. The measurement date, which
is used to determine the Mohawk stock price for valuation of the equity issued
in the transaction, is December 26, 2001 for purposes of this unaudited pro
forma financial information and is the latest date prior to January 11, 2002
that Mohawk's stock price rose above $54.67 (the highest Mohawk stock price
used in the exchange ratio calculation) without subsequently dropping below
$54.67. The Mohawk stock and options issued were valued at $54.37 which is the
five-day average Mohawk stock price beginning two days before the measurement
date and ending two days after the measurement date. The impact of a change in
the Mohawk stock price at closing on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated statements of earnings and balance sheet is described below
(amounts in thousands, except per share amounts):

                      Effect of Change of Average Mohawk Stock Price on
                     ----------------------------------------------------
      Average Mohawk Diluted Earnings                     Stockholders'
       Stock Price      Per Share         Goodwill           Equity
      -------------- ---------------- ----------------- -----------------

            $31.00        (0.15)              (263,707)         (263,707)
             33.00        (0.15)              (224,053)         (224,053)
             35.00        (0.15)              (184,400)         (184,400)
             36.45        (0.15)              (155,652)         (155,652)
             36.50        (0.14)              (155,638)         (155,638)
             37.00        (0.13)              (155,638)         (155,638)
             38.00        (0.11)              (155,638)         (155,638)
             39.00        (0.09)              (155,638)         (155,638)
             40.00        (0.08)              (155,638)         (155,638)
       41.00-50.12        (0.06)      (49,946)-(12,709) (49,946)-(12,709)
             51.50        (0.04)                  4,960             4,960
             52.00        (0.03)                  4,960             4,960
             53.00        (0.02)                  4,960             4,960
             54.00        (0.01)                  4,960             4,960
             54.67            --                  4,849             4,849
             56.00            --                 26,334            26,334
             58.00            --                 58,644            58,644
             60.00            --                 90,953            90,953

   Pro forma basic earnings per share was calculated by dividing pro forma net
earnings by the pro forma weighted-average number of shares of Mohawk common
stock outstanding during the period. Pro forma diluted earnings per share was
calculated in a manner similar to that of basic earnings per share except that
the pro forma weighted-average number of common shares outstanding is increased
to include the number of incremental common shares (computed using the treasury
stock method) that would have been outstanding if all potentially dilutive
common shares were issued during the period. In making these pro forma
calculations, average outstanding shares include the additional Mohawk common
shares assumed to be issued in connection with the merger, based on the 0.2213
exchange ratio. Additionally, the diluted earnings per share calculation
include the Dal-Tile options converted into Mohawk options based on a 0.4426
exchange ratio, after consideration of the treasury stock method.

                                                                        ANNEX A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                 BY AND AMONG

                           MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC.,

                          MAVERICK MERGER SUB, INC.,

                                      AND

                          DAL-TILE INTERNATIONAL INC.

                         Dated as of November 19, 2001

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                 Page
                                                                 ----

          Article 1 TRANSACTIONS AND TERMS OF MERGER............  A-2
             1.1    Merger......................................  A-2
             1.2    Time and Place of Closing...................  A-2
             1.3    Effective Time..............................  A-2
             1.4    Restructure of Transaction..................  A-2
          Article 2 TERMS OF MERGER.............................  A-3
             2.1    Charter.....................................  A-3
             2.2    Bylaws......................................  A-3
             2.3    Directors and Officers......................  A-3
          Article 3 MANNER OF CONVERTING SHARES.................  A-3
             3.1    Conversion of Shares........................  A-3
             3.2    Anti-Dilution Provisions....................  A-4
             3.3    Shares Held by Target or Buyer..............  A-4
             3.4    Dissenting Stockholders.....................  A-4
             3.5    Conversion of Stock Options.................  A-4
             3.6    Fractional Shares...........................  A-6
          Article 4 EXCHANGE OF SHARES..........................  A-6
             4.1    Exchange Procedures.........................  A-6
             4.2    Rights of Former Target Stockholders........  A-7
          Article 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET....  A-7
             5.1    Organization, Standing, and Power...........  A-7
             5.2    Authority of Target; No Breach By Agreement.  A-8
             5.3    Capital Stock...............................  A-8
             5.4    Target Subsidiaries.........................  A-9
             5.5    SEC Filings; Financial Statements...........  A-9
             5.6    Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.......... A-10
             5.7    Absence of Certain Changes or Events........ A-10
             5.8    Tax Matters................................. A-10
             5.9    Intellectual Property....................... A-11
             5.10   Environmental Matters....................... A-12
             5.11   Compliance with Laws........................ A-13
             5.12   Labor Relations............................. A-14
             5.13   Employee Benefit Plans...................... A-15
             5.14   Material Contracts.......................... A-17
             5.15   Legal Proceedings........................... A-18
             5.16   Information Supplied........................ A-18
             5.17   Tax and Regulatory Matters.................. A-18
             5.18   State Takeover Laws......................... A-19
             5.19   Charter Provisions.......................... A-19
             5.20   Opinion of Financial Advisor................ A-19
             5.21   Board Recommendation........................ A-19
          Article 6 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER..... A-19
             6.1    Organization, Standing, and Power........... A-19
             6.2    Authority; No Breach By Agreement........... A-20
             6.3    Capital Stock............................... A-20
             6.4    SEC Filings; Financial Statements........... A-21
             6.5    Compliance with Laws........................ A-21
             6.6    Legal Proceedings........................... A-22
             6.7    Absence of Certain Changes or Events........ A-22
             6.8    Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.......... A-22

                                      -i-

                                                                         Page
                                                                         ----

      6.9    Tax Matters................................................ A-22
      6.10   Employee Benefits Plans; ERISA............................. A-23
      6.11   Environmental Matters...................................... A-23
      6.12   Information Supplied....................................... A-23
      6.13   Authority of Sub........................................... A-23
      6.14   Tax and Regulatory Matters................................. A-24
      6.15   Opinion of Financial Advisor............................... A-24
      6.16   Board Recommendation....................................... A-24
   Article 7 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING CONSUMMATION................... A-24
      7.1    Affirmative Covenants of Target............................ A-24
      7.2    Negative Covenants of Target............................... A-24
      7.3    Covenants of Buyer......................................... A-26
      7.4    Adverse Changes in Condition............................... A-26
      7.5    Reports.................................................... A-27
   Article 8 ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS...................................... A-27
      8.1    Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement... A-27
      8.2    Meetings of Stockholders; Board Recommendation............. A-27
      8.3    Acquisition Proposals...................................... A-28
      8.4    Exchange Listing........................................... A-30
      8.5    Antitrust Notification; Consents of Regulatory Authorities. A-30
      8.6    Filings with State Offices................................. A-31
      8.7    Agreement as to Efforts to Consummate...................... A-31
      8.8    Investigation and Confidentiality.......................... A-31
      8.9    Press Releases............................................. A-32
      8.10   Tax Treatment.............................................. A-32
      8.11   Agreement of Affiliates.................................... A-32
      8.12   Employee Benefits and Contracts............................ A-33
      8.13   Indemnification............................................ A-34
      8.14   Board of Directors of Buyer................................ A-35
      8.15   Section 16(b) Board Approval............................... A-35
   Article 9 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS TO CONSUMMATE.......... A-35
      9.1    Conditions to Obligations of Each Party.................... A-35
      9.2    Conditions to Obligations of Buyer......................... A-36
      9.3    Conditions to Obligations of Target........................ A-37
   Article 10 TERMINATION............................................... A-38
      10.1   Termination................................................ A-38
      10.2   Effect of Termination...................................... A-39
      10.3   Expenses................................................... A-39
   Article 11 MISCELLANEOUS............................................. A-41
      11.1   Definitions................................................ A-41
      11.2   Non-Survival of Representations and Covenants.............. A-47
      11.3   Brokers and Finders........................................ A-47
      11.4   Entire Agreement........................................... A-47
      11.5   Amendments................................................. A-47
      11.6   Waivers.................................................... A-47
      11.7   Assignment................................................. A-48
      11.8   Notices.................................................... A-48
      11.9   Governing Law.............................................. A-49
      11.10  Counterparts............................................... A-49
      11.11  Captions, Articles and Sections............................ A-49
      11.12  Interpretations............................................ A-49
      11.13  Enforcement of Agreement................................... A-49
      11.14  Severability............................................... A-49
      11.15  No Affiliate Liability..................................... A-49
      11.16  Schedule Definitions....................................... A-50

 .

                                     -ii-

                         AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

   THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") is made and entered
into as of November 19, 2001 by and among MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC. ("Buyer"), a
Delaware corporation; MAVERICK MERGER SUB, INC. ("Sub"), a Delaware
corporation; and DAL-TILE INTERNATIONAL INC. ("Target"), a Delaware corporation.

                                   Preamble
                                   --------

   The respective Boards of Directors of Target, Sub and Buyer are of the
opinion that the transactions described herein are advisable and in the best
interests of the parties to this Agreement and their respective stockholders.
This Agreement provides for the acquisition of Target by Buyer pursuant to the
merger of Target with and into Sub. At the effective time of such merger, the
outstanding shares of the capital stock of Target shall be converted into the
right to receive a cash payment from Buyer or the Surviving Corporation and
shares of the common stock of Buyer (except as provided herein). As a result,
Sub shall continue to conduct the business and operations of Target as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Buyer. The transactions described in this Agreement are
subject to the approvals of the stockholders of Target, the stockholders of
Buyer, expiration of the required waiting period under the HSR Act, and the
satisfaction of certain other conditions described in this Agreement. It is the
intention of the parties to this Agreement that the Merger for federal income
tax purposes shall qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

   Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, as a
condition and inducement to Buyer's willingness to enter into this Agreement,
certain of the holders of the outstanding shares of Target Common Stock have
executed and delivered to Buyer an agreement in substantially the form of
Exhibit 1 (the "Target Voting Agreements"), pursuant to which they have agreed,
among other things, subject to the terms of such Target Voting Agreement, to
vote the shares of Target Common Stock over which such Persons have voting
power to approve and adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger.

   Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, as a
condition and inducement to Target's willingness to enter into this Agreement,
a stockholder of Buyer has executed and delivered to Target an agreement in
substantially the form of Exhibit 2 (the "Buyer Voting Agreement"), pursuant to
which such stockholder has agreed, among other things, subject to the terms of
such Buyer Voting Agreement, to vote the shares of Buyer Common Stock over
which such stockholder has voting power to approve the issuance of the shares
of Buyer Common Stock pursuant to the Merger.

   Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 11.1
of this Agreement.

   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above and the mutual warranties,
representations, covenants, and agreements set forth herein, the parties agree
as follows:

                                      A-1

                  ARTICLE 1 TRANSACTIONS AND TERMS OF MERGER
1.1  Merger.

   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and subject to the
provisions of Section 1.4 of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Target
shall be merged with and into Sub in accordance with the applicable provisions
of the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL") and with the effect provided
therein (collectively with the Reverse Merger, the "Merger"). Sub shall be the
Surviving Corporation resulting from the Merger and shall remain a wholly owned
Subsidiary of Buyer and shall continue to be governed by the Laws of the State
of Delaware. The Merger shall be consummated pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement, which has been approved and adopted by the respective Boards of
Directors of Target, Sub and Buyer and by Buyer, as the sole stockholder of Sub.

1.2  Time and Place of Closing.

   The closing of the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Closing") will
take place at 9:00 A.M. on the date that the Effective Time occurs (or the
immediately preceding day if the Effective Time is earlier than 9:00 A.M.), or
at such other time as the Parties, acting through their authorized officers,
may mutually agree. The Closing shall be held at such location as may be
mutually agreed upon by the Parties.

1.3  Effective Time.

   The Merger and other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall
become effective on the date and at the time the Certificate of Merger
reflecting the Merger shall become effective with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware in accordance with Section 251 of the DGCL (the "Effective
Time"). Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, unless otherwise mutually
agreed upon in writing by the authorized officers of each Party, the Parties
shall use their reasonable efforts to cause the Effective Time to occur on the
first business day following the last to occur of (i) the effective date
(including expiration of any applicable waiting period) of the last required
Consent of any Regulatory Authority having authority over and approving or
exempting the Merger, and (ii) the date or dates on which both the stockholders
of Target and the stockholders of Buyer have approved this Agreement.

1.4  Restructure of Transaction.

   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if, at the close
of trading on the NYSE on the day prior to the scheduled Closing Date, the
holders of the outstanding shares of Target Common Stock immediately prior to
the Effective Time, would not receive in the Merger, in the aggregate, an
amount of Buyer Common Stock with a value as of the Effective Time equal to at
least forty percent (40%) of the total value of all shares of Target Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time taking into account
the Cash Consideration paid or to be paid to Target stockholders, then Target
may elect by written notice to Buyer prior to the Effective Time to have the
Merger effected pursuant to a merger of Sub with and into Target, with Target
being the Surviving Corporation (the "Reverse Merger"), the conditions
contained in Section 9.1(f) will be deemed to have been waived by each Party,
and any inaccuracy or failure to perform the representations and covenants
contained in Sections 5.17, 6.14 and 8.10 will be deemed to have been waived by
each Party. The Reverse Merger would not be intended to qualify as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. The
determination of the value of Buyer Common Stock in the first sentence of this
Section 1.4 shall be based upon the Exchange Ratio and the closing sale price
of a share of Buyer Common Stock on the NYSE on the trading day prior to the
Effective Time. "Cash Consideration" shall be defined to mean cash or property
other than Buyer Common Stock in the Merger (including (i) the aggregate Cash
Payments to be paid to Target stockholders pursuant to Section 3.1(b), (ii)
cash to be paid to Target stockholders who perfect their dissenters' rights
(which for purposes of this Agreement will be assumed to be an amount equal to
the product of (A) the number of shares of Target Common Stock for which the
Target stockholders have perfected their dissenters' rights multiplied by (B)
the pro rata value of the Merger Consideration relating to such number of shares

                                      A-2

calculated as of the date of this Agreement), (iii) redemptions or acquisitions
of Target Common Stock by Target or parties related to Target (within the
meaning of Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.368-1(e)(3) without regard to Treas. Reg. Sec.
1.368-1(e)(3)(i)(A)) in connection with the Merger, (iv) extraordinary
distributions made by Target or parties related to Target (within the meaning
of Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.368-1(e)(3) without regard to Treas. Reg. Sec.
1.368-1(e)(3)(i)(A)) prior to and in connection with the Merger (other than
those made pursuant to Target's historic dividend practice), and (v)
repurchases or acquisitions of Buyer Common Stock issued in connection with the
Merger by Buyer or certain parties related to Buyer (within the meaning of
Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.368-1(e)(3)). The Parties agree to take all reasonable
actions, including amending this Agreement and executing any certificates,
agreements or instruments necessary in order to effect the intended purposes of
this Section 1.4.

                           ARTICLE 2 TERMS OF MERGER

2.1  Charter.

   The Certificate of Incorporation of Sub in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation until duly amended or repealed; provided that such Certificate of
Incorporation shall be amended to reflect a change of the name of the Surviving
Corporation.

2.2  Bylaws.

   The Bylaws of Sub in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until duly amended or repealed.

2.3  Directors and Officers.

   The directors of Sub in office immediately prior to the Effective Time,
together with such additional persons as may thereafter be elected, shall serve
as the directors of the Surviving Corporation from and after the Effective Time
in accordance with the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. The officers of Sub
in office immediately prior to the Effective Time, together with such
additional persons as may thereafter be elected, shall serve as the officers of
the Surviving Corporation from and after the Effective Time in accordance with
the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.

                     ARTICLE 3 MANNER OF CONVERTING SHARES

3.1  Conversion of Shares.

   Subject to the provisions of this Article 3, at the Effective Time, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Buyer, Target, Sub
or the stockholders of any of the foregoing, the shares of the constituent
corporations shall be converted as follows:

   (a)  Each share of Sub Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall remain issued and outstanding from and after the
Effective Time.

   (b)  Each share of Target Common Stock (excluding shares held by any Target
Entity or any Buyer Entity, and excluding shares held by stockholders who
perfect their statutory dissenters' rights as provided in Section 3.4) issued
and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to be
outstanding and shall be converted into and exchanged for the right to receive
from Buyer (i) a cash payment in the amount of $11.00 (less any required
withholding of Taxes, the "Cash Payment") and (ii) (A) .2414 of a share of
Buyer Common Stock, if the Average Closing Price (as defined below) is equal to
or greater than $41.00 per share and less than or equal to $50.12 per share, or
(B) that fraction of a share of Buyer Common Stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing $9.90 by the Average Closing Price, if the Average Closing
Price is less than

                                      A-3

$41.00 and greater than or equal to $36.45, or (C) that fraction of a share of
Buyer Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing $12.10 by the
Average Closing Price, if the Average Closing Price is greater than $50.12 and
less than or equal to $54.67, or (D) .2716 of a share of Buyer Common Stock if
the Average Closing Price is less than $36.45 per share, or (E) .2213 of a
share of Buyer Common Stock if the Average Closing Price is greater than $54.67
(such applicable fraction of Buyer Common Stock, the "Exchange Ratio"). The
Buyer Common Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement, together with the
Cash Payment and cash to be paid in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to
Section 3.6 are referred to collectively as the "Merger Consideration."
"Average Closing Price" shall be defined to mean the average of the daily
closing prices for the shares of Buyer Common Stock for the twenty consecutive
full trading days on which such shares are actually traded on the NYSE (as
reported by The Wall Street Journal or, if not reported thereby, any other
authoritative source selected by Buyer) ending at the close of the trading day
three full trading days prior to the Closing Date.

3.2  Anti-Dilution Provisions.

   (a)  In the event that Buyer changes the number of shares of Buyer Common
Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time as a result of a stock
split, stock dividend, or similar recapitalization with respect to such stock
and the record date therefor (in the case of a stock dividend) or the effective
date thereof (in the case of a stock split or similar recapitalization for
which a record date is not established) shall be prior to the Effective Time,
the Exchange Ratios and the specified Average Closing Prices identified in
Section 3.1(b) shall all be proportionately adjusted.

   (b)  In the event that, prior to the Effective Time, Buyer shall consummate
a merger, consolidation, share exchange or other reorganization, or any other
transaction with another Person pursuant to which the holders of Buyer Common
Stock receive or become entitled to receive securities, cash or other assets or
any combination thereof, each holder of Target Common Stock shall be entitled
to receive at the Effective Time for each share of Target Common Stock, the
Cash Payment plus that amount of securities, cash or other assets that such
holder would have received or become entitled to receive had such holder been
the record holder of the number of shares of Buyer Common Stock issuable to
such holder of Target Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.1(b) had the Effective
Time occurred immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction.

3.3  Shares Held by Target or Buyer.

   Each of the shares of Target Common Stock held by any Target Entity or by
any Buyer Entity shall be canceled and retired at the Effective Time and no
consideration shall be issued in exchange therefor.

3.4  Dissenting Stockholders.

   Any holder of shares of Target Common Stock who perfects such holder's
dissenters' rights in accordance with and as contemplated by Section 262 of the
DGCL shall be entitled to receive from the Surviving Corporation the value of
such shares in cash as determined pursuant to such provision of Law; provided,
that no such payment shall be made to any dissenting stockholder unless and
until such dissenting stockholder has complied with the applicable provisions
of the DGCL and surrendered to Target the Certificate or Certificates (as
defined below) representing the shares for which payment is being made. In the
event that after the Effective Time a dissenting stockholder of Target fails to
perfect, or effectively withdraws or loses, such holder's right to appraisal of
and payment for such holder's shares, Buyer or the Surviving Corporation shall
issue and deliver the consideration to which such holder of shares of Target
Common Stock is entitled under this Article 3 (without interest) upon surrender
by such holder of the Certificate or Certificates representing the shares of
Target Common Stock held by such holder.

3.5  Conversion of Stock Options.

   (a)  To the extent that a particular holder of Target Options consents in
writing to the conversion of all and not less than all of his or her Target
Options pursuant to this Section 3.5(a), and provided that such written

                                      A-4

consent is delivered to Target within two business days prior to the date on
which the Effective Time occurs, such holder's Target Options shall be
converted, at the Effective Time, as follows:

      (i)  One-half of the Target Options held by each particular holder which
   are outstanding at the Effective Time, whether or not exercisable (each a
   "Cashout Option"), shall be canceled, and such holder shall be entitled to
   receive from Buyer for each such Cashout Option (subject to any applicable
   withholding tax) cash equal to the amount by which (i) the product of (x)
   the Cash Payment multiplied by (y) two exceeds (ii) the per share exercise
   price of such Cashout Option. From and after the Effective Time, each
   Cashout Option shall only represent the right to receive the cash payment
   provided in this Section 3.5(a); and

      (ii)  The remaining one-half of the Target Options held by each
   particular holder which are outstanding at the Effective Time, whether or
   not exercisable (each a "Rollover Option"), shall be converted into and
   become rights with respect to Buyer Common Stock, and Buyer shall assume
   each Rollover Option, in accordance with the terms of the Target Stock Plan
   and stock option agreement by which it is evidenced, except that from and
   after the Effective Time, (i) Buyer and its Compensation Committee shall be
   substituted for Target and the Committee of Target's Board of Directors
   (including, if applicable, the entire Board of Directors of Target)
   administering such Target Stock Plan, (ii) each Target Option assumed by
   Buyer may be exercised solely for shares of Buyer Common Stock as provided
   below, (iii) such Target Options shall be converted into Buyer Options to
   purchase that number of shares of Buyer Common Stock equal to the number of
   shares of Target Common Stock subject to such Target Options immediately
   prior to the Effective Time multiplied by two times the Exchange Ratio, and
   (iv) the per share exercise price for each such Buyer Option shall be an
   amount equal to the quotient of (x) the per share exercise price under the
   applicable Target Option divided by (y) two times the Exchange Ratio and
   rounded up to the nearest cent; and

      (iii)  In determining which Target Options of a particular holder are to
   be treated as Cashout Options and Rollover Options, the Cashout Options and
   Rollover Options shall be allocated equally to each particular grant of
   Target Options to such holder having different exercise prices and terms
   and, to the extent any such grant is not divisible evenly, the odd Target
   Option shall be treated as a Cashout Option.

   (b)  To the extent that a particular holder of Target Options does not
consent in writing to the conversion of his or her Target Options pursuant to
Section 3.5(a) hereof, or in the event that such written consent is not
delivered to Target within two business days prior to the date on which the
Effective Time occurs, such holder's Target Options which are outstanding at
the Effective Time, whether or not exercisable (the "Conversion Options"),
shall be converted into and become rights with respect to Buyer Common Stock
and cash, and Buyer shall assume each Conversion Option, in accordance with the
terms of the Target Stock Plan and stock option agreement by which it is
evidenced, except that from and after the Effective Time, (i) Buyer and its
Compensation Committee shall be substituted for Target and the Committee of
Target's Board of Directors (including, if applicable, the entire Board of
Directors of Target) administering such Target Stock Plan, (ii) each Target
Option assumed by Buyer may be exercised solely for shares of Buyer Common
Stock and cash as provided below, (iii) such Conversion Options shall be
converted into Buyer Options to purchase the sum of (a) that number of shares
of Buyer Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Target Common Stock
subject to such Conversion Options immediately prior to the Effective Time
multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, plus (b) the Cash Payment times the number of
shares of Target Common Stock subject to such Conversion Options immediately
prior to the Effective Time, and (iv) the per share exercise price under each
such Conversion Option shall be adjusted by dividing the per share exercise
price under the applicable Conversion Options by the Exchange Ratio and
rounding up to the nearest cent.

   (c)  In the event that the exercise of any Rollover Option or Conversion
Option would result in the issuance of a fractional share of Buyer Common Stock
such fractional share shall be aggregated with all other fractional shares
attributable to all other Rollover Options then being exercised by such holder
and to the extent that such fractional shares thereafter remain, then such
holder shall be entitled to receive a cash payment for any remaining

                                      A-5

fractional shares based upon the last sale price per share of Buyer Common
Stock on the trading day immediately preceding the date of exercise. From and
after the Effective Time, Buyer and the Surviving Corporation shall comply with
the terms of the Target Stock Plans.

   At or prior to the Effective Time, Buyer shall cause to be taken all
corporate action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of
shares of Buyer Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of Rollover Options in
accordance with this Section 3.5. Promptly following the Effective Time and in
no event later than five business days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall
use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Buyer Common Stock subject to the
Rollover Options to be registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a
registration statement on Form S-8 (or any successor or other appropriate
forms) and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the effectiveness of
such registration statement (and current status of the prospectus or
prospectuses contained therein) and to thereafter maintain such effectiveness
for so long as any Rollover Options remain outstanding. Buyer and its
Compensation Committee shall be substituted for Target and the Committee of
Target's Board of Directors (including, if applicable, the entire Board of
Directors of Target) administering such Target Stock Plan.

3.6  Fractional Shares.

   No fraction of a share of Buyer Common Stock shall be issued by virtue of
the Merger, but in lieu thereof each holder of shares of Target Common Stock
who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of Buyer Common Stock
(after aggregating all fractional shares of Buyer Common Stock that otherwise
would be received by such holder) shall, upon surrender of such holder's
Certificate or Certificates, receive from Buyer an amount of cash, without
interest, equal to the product of (i) such fraction, multiplied by (ii) the
Average Closing Price.

                         ARTICLE 4 EXCHANGE OF SHARES

4.1  Exchange Procedures.

   (a)  At the Effective Time, Buyer shall make available to Buyer's transfer
agent or another exchange agent selected by Buyer (the "Exchange Agent") for
exchange in accordance with this Section4.1 the aggregate Merger Consideration.
As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, Buyer and Target
shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of a
certificate or certificates which represented shares of Target Common Stock
immediately prior to the Effective Time (the "Certificates") appropriate
transmittal materials and instructions (which shall specify that delivery shall
be effected, and risk of loss and title to such Certificates shall pass, only
upon proper delivery of such Certificates to the Exchange Agent). The
Certificate or Certificates of Target Common Stock so delivered shall be duly
endorsed as the Exchange Agent may require. In the event of a transfer of
ownership of shares of Target Common Stock represented by Certificates that is
not registered in the transfer records of Target, the Merger Consideration may
be issued to a transferee if the Certificates representing such shares are
delivered to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents required to
evidence such transfer and by evidence satisfactory to the Exchange Agent that
any applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid. If any Certificate shall
have been lost, stolen, mislaid or destroyed, upon receipt of (i) an affidavit
of that fact from the holder claiming such Certificate to be lost, mislaid,
stolen or destroyed, (ii) such bond, security or indemnity as Buyer and the
Exchange Agent may reasonably require and (iii) any other documents necessary
to evidence and effect the bona fide exchange thereof, the Exchange Agent shall
issue to such holder the consideration into which the shares represented by
such lost, stolen, mislaid or destroyed Certificate shall have been converted.
The Exchange Agent may establish such other reasonable and customary rules and
procedures in connection with its duties as it may deem appropriate.

   (b)  After the Effective Time, each holder of shares of Target Common Stock
(other than shares to be canceled pursuant to Section 3.3 or as to which
statutory dissenters' rights have been perfected as provided in Section 3.4.)
issued and outstanding at the Effective Time shall surrender the Certificate or
Certificates representing such shares to the Exchange Agent and shall promptly
upon surrender thereof receive in exchange

                                      A-6

therefor the Merger Consideration (without interest), together with all
undelivered dividends or distributions in respect of such shares (without
interest) pursuant to Section 4.2. Buyer shall not be obligated to deliver the
Merger Consideration to which any former holder of Target Common Stock is
entitled as a result of the Merger until such holder surrenders such holder's
Certificate or Certificates for exchange as provided in this Section 4.1.

   (c)  Each of Buyer, the Surviving Corporation and the Exchange Agent shall
be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable
pursuant to this Agreement to any holder of shares of Target Common Stock such
amounts, if any, as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the
making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code or any provision of
state, local or foreign Tax Law. To the extent that any amounts are so withheld
by Buyer, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent, as the case may be,
such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as
having been paid to the holder of the shares of Target Common Stock in respect
of which such deduction and withholding was made by Buyer, the Surviving
Corporation or the Exchange Agent, as the case may be.

   (d)  Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, none of Buyer,
the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to a holder of
Target Common Stock for any amounts paid or property delivered in good faith to
a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar Law.
4.2  Rights of Former Target Stockholders.

   At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of Target shall be closed as
to holders of Target Common Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time and
no transfer of Target Common Stock by any such holder shall thereafter be made
or recognized. Until surrendered for exchange in accordance with the provisions
of Section 4.1, each Certificate theretofore representing shares of Target
Common Stock (other than shares to be canceled pursuant to Sections 3.3 or as
to which statutory dissenters' rights have been perfected as provided in
Section 3.4) shall from and after the Effective Time represent for all purposes
only the right to receive the Merger Consideration in exchange therefor,
subject, however, to the Surviving Corporation's obligation to pay any
dividends or make any other distributions with a record date prior to the
Effective Time which have been declared or made by Target in respect of such
shares of Target Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
and which remain unpaid at the Effective Time. Whenever a dividend or other
distribution is declared by Buyer on the Buyer Common Stock, the record date
for which is at or after the Effective Time, the declaration shall include
dividends or other distributions on all shares of Buyer Common Stock issuable
pursuant to this Agreement, but after the Effective Time no dividend or other
distribution payable to the holders of record of Buyer Common Stock as of any
time subsequent to the Effective Time shall be delivered to the holder of any
Certificate until such holder surrenders such Certificate for exchange as
provided in Section 4.1.

              ARTICLE 5 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET

   Target hereby represents and warrants to Buyer and Sub as follows:

5.1  Organization, Standing, and Power.

   Target is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good
standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware, and has the corporate power
and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to own, lease and
operate its material Assets. Target is duly qualified or licensed to transact
business as a foreign corporation in good standing in the states of the United
States and foreign jurisdictions where the character of its Assets or the
nature or conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified or licensed,
except for such jurisdictions in which the failure to be so qualified or
licensed is not reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Target Material Adverse Effect. Target has delivered to Buyer complete and
correct copies of its Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(the "Target Certificate of Incorporation") and Amended and Restated Bylaws
(the "Target Bylaws"). Correct and complete copies of the minute books of the
Board of Directors (including any committees of the Board of Directors) and
stockholders of Target have been made available to Buyer for its review.

                                      A-7

5.2  Authority of Target; No Breach By Agreement.

   (a)  Target has the corporate power and authority necessary to execute,
deliver, and, other than with respect to the Merger, perform this Agreement,
and with respect to the Merger, upon the adoption and approval of this
Agreement and the Merger by Target's stockholders in accordance with this
Agreement and Delaware law, to perform its obligations under this Agreement and
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, delivery,
and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein, including the Merger, have been duly and validly
authorized by all necessary corporate action in respect thereof on the part of
Target, subject to the adoption and approval of this Agreement by the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Target Common Stock as contemplated
by Section 8.2, which is the only stockholder vote required for approval of
this Agreement and consummation of the Merger by Target. Subject to such
requisite stockholder approval, this Agreement represents a legal, valid, and
binding obligation of Target, enforceable against Target in accordance with its
terms; except as (i) such enforcement may be subject to any bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other laws, now
or hereafter in effect, relating to or limiting creditors' rights generally,
and (ii) the remedy of specific performance and injunction and other forms of
equitable relief may be subject to equitable defense, and to the discretion of
the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

   (b)  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Target, nor the
consummation by Target of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance
by Target with any of the provisions hereof, will (i) conflict with or result
in a breach of any provision of the Target Certificate of Incorporation or
Target Bylaws or the certificate or articles of incorporation or bylaws of any
Target Subsidiary or any currently effective resolution adopted by the board of
directors or the stockholders of any Target Entity, or (ii) except as disclosed
in Section 5.2(b) of the Target Disclosure Memorandum, constitute or result in
a Default under, or require any Consent pursuant to, or result in the creation
of any Lien on any material Asset of any Target Entity under, any material
Contract or Permit of any Target Entity or, (iii) subject to receipt of the
requisite Consents referred to in Section 5.2(c) and Section 5.2(c) of the
Target Disclosure Memorandum, constitute or result in a Default under, or
require any Consent pursuant to, any Law or Order applicable to any Target
Entity or any of their respective material Assets (including any Buyer Entity
or any Target Entity becoming subject to or liable for the payment of any Tax
or any of the Assets owned by any Buyer Entity or any Target Entity being
reassessed or revalued by any Regulatory Authority) or, (iv) result in any
Target stockholder having the right to require Buyer to file a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to shares of Buyer Common Stock
or to require Buyer to include shares of Buyer Common Stock in any registration
statement filed by Buyer with respect to any securities of Buyer, except as
provided in Section 3.5 of this Agreement.

   (c)  Except as set forth in Section 5.2(c) of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum or in connection or compliance with the provisions of the Securities
Laws, applicable state corporate and securities Laws, and the rules of the
NYSE, and other than Consents required from Regulatory Authorities, and other
than notices to or filings with the United States Internal Revenue Service
("IRS") or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation with respect to any
employee benefit plans, or under the HSR Act, no notice to, filing with, or
Consent of, any public body or authority or other Person is necessary for the
consummation by Target of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated in
this Agreement; other than such notices, filings, or consents that,
individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Target Material Adverse Effect.

5.3  Capital Stock.

   (a)  The authorized capital stock of Target consists of (i) 200,000,000
shares of Target Common Stock, of which 55,923,201 shares are issued and
outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and not more than 67,751,099
shares will be issued and outstanding at the Effective Time, and (ii)
11,100,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, none of which
are issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital
stock of Target are duly and validly issued and outstanding and are fully paid
and nonassessable under the DGCL. None of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of Target has been issued in violation of any preemptive rights of the
current or past stockholders of Target.

                                      A-8

   (b)  Except as set forth in Section 5.3(a) or as disclosed in Section 5.3(b)
of the Target Disclosure Memorandum, there are no shares of capital stock or
other equity securities of Target outstanding and no outstanding Equity Rights
relating to the capital stock of Target. Except as specifically contemplated by
this Agreement, no Person has any Contract or any right or privilege (whether
pre-emptive or contractual) capable of becoming a Contract or Equity Right for
the purchase, subscription or issuance of any securities of Target. Upon
consummation of the Merger, Buyer will not have any obligation under any
agreement granting Target stockholders the right to require Target to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the securities
of Target or to require Target to include any securities Target securities in
any registration statement filed by Target with respect to any securities of
Target.

5.4  Target Subsidiaries.

   Target has disclosed in Section 5.4 of the Target Disclosure Memorandum each
of the Target Subsidiaries that is a corporation (identifying its jurisdiction
of incorporation, each jurisdiction in which it is qualified and/or licensed to
transact business, and the number of shares owned and percentage ownership
interest represented by such share ownership) and each of the Target
Subsidiaries that is a general or limited partnership, limited liability
company, or other non-corporate entity (identifying the Law under which such
entity is organized, each jurisdiction in which it is qualified and/or licensed
to transact business, and the amount and nature of the ownership interest
therein). Except as disclosed in Section 5.4 of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, Target or one of its wholly owned Subsidiaries owns all of the
issued and outstanding shares of capital stock (or other equity interests) of
each Target Subsidiary. No capital stock (or other equity interest) of any
Target Subsidiary is or may become required to be issued (other than to another
Target Entity) by reason of any Equity Rights, and there are no Contracts by
which any Target Subsidiary is bound to issue (other than to another Target
Entity) additional shares of its capital stock (or other equity interests) or
Equity Rights or by which any Target Entity is or may be bound to transfer any
shares of the capital stock (or other equity interests) of any Target
Subsidiary (other than to another Target Entity). There are no Contracts
relating to the rights of any Target Entity to vote or to dispose of any shares
of the capital stock (or other equity interests) of any Target Subsidiary.
Except as disclosed in Section 5.4 of the Target Disclosure Memorandum, all of
the shares of capital stock (or other equity interests) of each Target
Subsidiary held by a Target Entity are fully paid and nonassessable under the
applicable corporation Law of the jurisdiction in which such Subsidiary is
incorporated or organized and are owned by the Target Entity free and clear of
any Lien. Each Target Subsidiary is a corporation, limited liability company,
limited partnership or limited liability partnership, and each such Subsidiary
is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the
jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organized, and has the power and
authority necessary for it to own, lease, and operate its Assets and to carry
on its business as now conducted. Each Target Subsidiary is duly qualified or
licensed to transact business as a foreign entity in good standing in the
States of the United States and foreign jurisdictions where the character of
its Assets or the nature or conduct of its business requires it to be so
qualified or licensed, except for such jurisdictions in which the failure to be
so qualified or licensed would not reasonably be expected to have, individually
or in the aggregate, a Target Material Adverse Effect. Target has made
available to Buyer complete and accurate copies of the minute books of the
Board of Directors (including any committee of the Board of Directors) and
equityholders of each Target Subsidiary and the organizational documents for
each Target Subsidiary.

5.5  SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

   (a)  Target has timely filed and made available to Buyer all SEC Documents
required to be filed by Target since January 1, 1998 (the "Target SEC
Reports"). The Target SEC Reports (i) at the time filed, complied in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Laws and
other applicable Laws and (ii) did not, at the time they were filed (or, if
amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on
the date of such filing or, in the case of registration statements, at the
effective date thereof) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated in such Target SEC Reports or
necessary in order to make the statements in such Target SEC Reports, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No Target
Subsidiary files, or is required to file, any SEC Documents.

                                      A-9

   (b)  Each of the Target Financial Statements (including, in each case, any
related notes) contained in the Target SEC Reports, including any Target SEC
Reports filed after the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time,
complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable published
rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, was prepared in
accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes to such financial statements
or, in the case of unaudited interim statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of
the SEC), and fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated
financial position of Target and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates
and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods
indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements were or are
subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments which were not or are not
expected to be material in amount or effect.

5.6  Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities.

   Neither the Target nor any of the Target Subsidiaries has any Liabilities of
a type required by GAAP to be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet, other
than (i) Liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business since
September 28, 2001, (ii) Liabilities reflected in any of the Target SEC
Reports, and (iii) Liabilities which would not in the aggregate reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Target Material Adverse
Effect.

5.7  Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

   Since September 28, 2001, except as disclosed in the Target Financial
Statements delivered prior to the date of this Agreement or as disclosed in
Section 5.7 of the Target Disclosure Memorandum, (i) there have been no events,
changes, or occurrences which have had, or would be reasonably expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Target Material Adverse Effect, and
(ii) none of the Target Entities has taken any action, or failed to take any
action, prior to the date of this Agreement, which action or failure, if taken
after the date of this Agreement, would represent or result in a material
breach or violation of any of the covenants and agreements of Target provided
in Article 7.

5.8  Tax Matters.

   (a)  (i) All Target Entities have timely filed with the appropriate Taxing
authorities all material Tax Returns in all jurisdictions in which Tax Returns
are required to be filed or appropriate extensions therefor have been
appropriately obtained and have not expired, and such Tax Returns are correct
and complete in all material respects; (ii) all Taxes of the Target Entities
(whether or not shown on any Tax Return) that have become due have been fully
and timely paid, or extensions for payment have been properly obtained or such
Taxes are being timely and properly contested and, in any case, proper accruals
pursuant to GAAP have been established on the Target's consolidated financial
statements with respect thereto, except to the extent any failure to accrue or
reserve would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Target Material Adverse Effect; (iii) there are no Liens for any Taxes
(other than a Lien for current real property or ad valorem Taxes not yet due
and payable) on any of the Assets of any of the Target Entities; and (iv) no
claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where any Target
Entity does not file a Tax Return that such Target Entity may be subject to
Taxes by that jurisdiction.

   (b)  Except as disclosed in Section 5.8(b) of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, (i) none of the Target Entities has received any notice of
assessment or proposed assessment in connection with any Taxes, and there are
no, to the knowledge of Target, threatened or pending disputes, claims, audits
or examinations regarding any Taxes of any Target Entity or the assets of any
Target Entity; and (ii) none of the Target Entities has waived any statute of
limitations in respect of any Taxes or agreed to a Tax assessment or deficiency.

   (c)  Each Target Entity has complied in all material respects with all
applicable Laws, rules and regulations relating to the withholding of Taxes and
the payment thereof to appropriate authorities, including Taxes required

                                     A-10

to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or owing to any
employee or independent contractor, and Taxes required to be withheld and paid
pursuant to Sections 1441 and 1442 of the Internal Revenue Code or similar
provisions under foreign Law.

   (d)  The unpaid Taxes of each Target Entity (i) did not, as of the most
recent fiscal month end, exceed the reserve for Tax Liability (rather than any
reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between
book and Tax income) set forth on the face of the most recent balance sheet
(rather than in any notes thereto) for such Target Entity and (ii) will not
exceed that reserve as adjusted for the passage of time through the Closing
Date in accordance with past custom and practice of the Target Entities in
filing their Tax Returns.

   (e)  None of the Target Entities is a party to any Tax allocation or sharing
agreement and none of the Target Entities has been a member of an affiliated
group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return (other than a group the
common parent of which was Target) or has any Tax Liability of any Person under
Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any similar provision of state, local
or foreign Law (other than the other members of the consolidated group of which
Target is parent), or as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise.

   (f)  During the five-year period ending on the date hereof, none of the
Target Entities was a distributing corporation or a controlled corporation in a
transaction intended to be governed by Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code.

   (g)  Except as set forth in Section 5.8(g) of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, none of the Target Entities has made any payments, is obligated to
make any payments, or is a party to any contract that could obligate it to make
any payments that could be disallowed as a deduction under Section 280G or
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. Target has not been a United States real
property holding corporation within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code
Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii). Except as set forth in Section 5.8(g) of the Target
Disclosure Memorandum, none of the Target Entities has been or will be required
to include any adjustment in taxable income for any Tax period (or portion
thereof) pursuant to Section 481 of the Internal Revenue Code or any comparable
provision under state or foreign Tax Laws as a result of transactions or events
occurring prior to the Closing. Except as set forth in Section 5.8(g) of the
Target Disclosure Memorandum, the net operating losses of the Target Entities
are not subject to any limitation on their use under the provisions of Sections
382 or 269 of the Internal Revenue Code or any other provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code or the Treasury Regulations dealing with the utilization of net
operating losses other than any such limitations as may arise as a result of
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

   (h)  Other than as set forth in Section 5.8(h) of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, no Target Entity has or has had in any foreign country a permanent
establishment, as defined in any applicable tax treaty or convention between
the United States and such foreign country.

5.9  Intellectual Property.

   Each Target Entity owns or has a license to use all of the material
Intellectual Property used by such Target Entity in the course of its business,
including sufficient rights in each copy possessed by each Target Entity. Each
Target Entity is the owner of or has a license, to any material Intellectual
Property sold or licensed to a third party by such Target Entity in connection
with such Target Entity's business operations, and such Target Entity has the
right to convey by sale or license any Intellectual Property so conveyed. No
Target Entity is in Default under any of its material Intellectual Property
licenses. To the Knowledge of Target, no proceedings have been instituted, or
are pending or to the Knowledge of Target threatened, which challenge the
rights of any Target Entity with respect to Intellectual Property used, sold or
licensed by such Target Entity in the course of its

                                     A-11

business, nor has any person claimed or alleged any rights to such Intellectual
Property. To the Knowledge of Target, and with respect to patents, trademarks,
service marks and trade names only, the conduct of the business of the Target
Entities does not infringe any Intellectual Property of any other Person.
Except as disclosed in Section 5.9 of the Target Disclosure Memorandum, no
Target Entity is obligated to pay any recurring royalties to any Person with
respect to any such Intellectual Property in an amount in excess of $100,000 a
year. Every officer, director, or employee of any Target Entity is a party to a
Contract which requires such officer, director or employee to keep confidential
any trade secrets, proprietary data, customer information, or other business
information of a Target Entity, and, to the Knowledge of Target, no such
officer, director or employee is party to any Contract with any Person other
than a Target Entity which requires such officer, director or employee to
assign any interest in any Intellectual Property to any Person other than a
Target Entity or to keep confidential any trade secrets, proprietary data,
customer information, or other business information of any Person other than a
Target Entity. To the Knowledge of Target, no officer, director or employee of
any Target Entity is party to any Contract which restricts or prohibits such
officer, director or employee from engaging in activities competitive with any
Person, including any Target Entity.

5.10  Environmental Matters.

   (a)  Each Target Entity, its Participation Facilities, and its Operating
Properties are, and have been, in compliance with all Environmental Laws,
except where any failure to so comply would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Target Material Adverse Effect.

   (b)  There is no Litigation pending or, to the Knowledge of Target,
threatened before any Regulatory Authority or other forum in which any Target
Entity or any of its Operating Properties or Participation Facilities (or
Target in respect of such Operating Property or Participation Facility) has
been or, with respect to threatened Litigation, may be named as a defendant (i)
for alleged noncompliance (including by any predecessor) with or Liability
under any Environmental Law or (ii) relating to the release, discharge,
spillage, or disposal into the environment of any Hazardous Material, whether
or not occurring at, on, under, adjacent to, or affecting (or potentially
affecting) a site currently or formerly owned, leased, or operated by any
Target Entity or any of its Operating Properties or Participation Facilities,
nor is there any reasonable basis for any Litigation of a type described in
this sentence.

   (c)  Except as disclosed in Section 5.10(c) of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, during the period of (i) any Target Entity's ownership or operation
of any of their respective current properties, (ii) any Target Entity's
participation in the management of any Participation Facility, or (iii) any
Target Entity's holding of a security interest in any Operating Property, no
Target Entity has released, discharged, spilled or disposed of Hazardous
Material in, on, under, adjacent to, or affecting such properties where such
release, discharge, spillage or disposal required remediation under
Environmental Laws and was not remediated in compliance with Environmental
Laws, except where any such releases, discharges, spillages or disposals would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Target
Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Target, during the period of (i)
any Target Entity's ownership or operation of any of their respective current
properties, (ii) any Target Entity's participation in the management of any
Participation Facility, or (iii) any Target Entity's holding of a security
interest in any Operating Property, no person other than a Target Entity has
released, discharged, spilled or disposed of Hazardous Material in, on, under,
adjacent to, or affecting such properties where such release, discharge,
spillage or disposal required remediation under Environmental Laws and was not
remediated in compliance with Environmental Laws, except where any such
releases, discharges, spillages or disposals would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Target Material Adverse Effect.
Prior to the period of (i) any Target Entity's ownership or operation of any of
their respective current properties, (ii) any Target Entity's participation in
the management of any Participation Facility, or (iii) any Target Entity's
holding of a security interest in any Operating Property, to the Knowledge of
Target, there were no releases, discharges, spillages, or disposals of
Hazardous Material in, on, under, or affecting any such property, Participation
Facility or Operating Property that required remediation under Environmental
Laws and was not remediated in compliance with Environmental Laws, except where
any such

                                     A-12

releases, discharges, spillages or disposals would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Target Material Adverse Effect.

   (d)  Section 5.10(d) of the Target Disclosure Memorandum contains a true,
complete and accurate listing and a true and accurate description of each
facility or location at which any Target Entity has been named as or alleged to
be a responsible party or potentially responsible party under any Environmental
Law in connection with the release, disposal, transportation or arrangement for
the release, disposal or transportation of Hazardous Materials.

   (e)  Each Target Entity has obtained all permits, licenses, approvals,
consents, orders, and authorizations which are required under any Environmental
Law in connection with the ownership, use, or lease of the Assets
("Environmental Permits"), except where any failure to obtain any such
Environmental Permits would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Target Material Adverse Effect. Each Target Entity is in
compliance with each such Environmental Permit, and no Environmental Permit
restricts such Target Entity from operating any equipment covered by such
Environmental Permit as currently conducted, except where any failure to comply
with any such Environmental Permits would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Target Material Adverse Effect.

   (f)  Target has delivered, or caused to be delivered or made available, to
Buyer true and complete copies of each written Contract and an accurate written
description of each oral Contract under which any of the Target Entities:
retained Liability for environmental matters; agreed to indemnify third parties
with respect to environmental matters; or is indemnified by a third party with
respect to environmental matters, including without limitation the May 20, 1993
Settlement Agreement with Robert M. Brittingham and John G. Brittingham and the
December 21, 1995 American Olean Tile Company, Inc. Acquisition Agreement.

   (g)  Target has delivered, or caused to be delivered or made available, to
Buyer true and complete copies of material correspondence with or notifications
to or from any federal, state or local Regulatory Authority and any material
reports prepared by or on behalf of or in the possession of any Target Entity
in connection with the Elam, Dallas County, Texas gravel pit; the Pleasant Run
Road, Dallas County, Texas landfill; and the Walton (Kleburg Road), Dallas,
Texas gravel pit.

5.11  Compliance with Laws.

   Each Target Entity has in effect all Permits necessary for it to own, lease,
or operate its material Assets and to carry on its business as now conducted,
and there has occurred no Default under any such Permit. None of the Target
Entities:

   (a)  is in Default under any of the provisions of its Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws (or other governing instruments);

   (b)  is in Default under any Laws, Orders, or Permits (other than Defaults
under Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits, which Defaults are addressed
in Section 5.10) applicable to its business or employees conducting its
business, except for Defaults which would not reasonably be anticipated to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Target Material Adverse Effect; or

   (c)  since January 1, 1998, has received any notification or communication
(other than notices or communications under Environmental Laws or regarding
Environmental Permits, which are addressed in Section 5.10) from any agency or
department of federal, state, or local government or any Regulatory Authority
or the staff thereof (i) asserting that any Target Entity is not, or may not
be, in compliance with any Laws or Orders, where such noncompliance would be
reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Target
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) threatening to revoke any Permits, the revocation
of which would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Target Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) requiring any Target
Entity to enter into or consent to the issuance of a cease and desist order,
injunction, formal agreement,

                                     A-13

directive, commitment, or memorandum of understanding, or to adopt any board
resolution or similar undertaking, which restricts materially the conduct of
its business or in any manner relates to its employment decisions, its
employment or safety policies or practices, its management, or the payment of
dividends; or

   (d)  except as set forth in Section 5.11(d) of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, since January 1, 1997, has effectuated (i) a "plant closing" (as
defined in the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the "WARN
Act")) affecting any site of employment or one or more facilities or operating
units within any site of employment or facility of any Target Entity; or (ii) a
"mass layoff" (as defined in the WARN Act) affecting any site of employment or
facility of any Target Entity; and no Target Entity has been affected by any
transaction or engaged in layoffs or employment terminations sufficient in
number to trigger application of any similar state or local Law. Except as set
forth in Section 5.11(d) of the Target Disclosure Memorandum, none of any
Target Entity's employees has suffered an "employment loss" (as defined in the
WARN Act) since six months prior to the Closing Date.

   Copies of all material reports, correspondence, notices and other documents
relating to any material inspection, audit, monitoring or other form of review
or enforcement action instituted or commenced by a Regulatory Authority since
January 1, 1998 with respect to any Target Entity have been made available to
Buyer.

5.12  Labor Relations.

   (a)  Except as disclosed in Section 5.12 of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, no Target Entity is the subject of any Litigation, and to the
Knowledge of Target, no such Litigation has been threatened, asserting that it
or any other Target Entity has committed an unfair labor practice (within the
meaning of the National Labor Relations Act or comparable state Law) or other
violation of state, federal or foreign labor Law or seeking to compel it or any
other Target Entity to bargain with any labor organization or other employee
representative as to wages or conditions of employment, nor is any Target
Entity party to any collective bargaining agreement or subject to any
bargaining order, injunction or other Order relating to Target's relationship
or dealings with its employees, any labor organization or any other employee
representative. There is no strike, slowdown, lockout or other labor dispute
involving any Target Entity pending or threatened and there have been no such
actions or labor disputes since January 1, 1998. To the Knowledge of Target,
since January 1, 1998, there has not been any attempt by any Target Entity
employees or any labor organization or other employee representative to
organize or certify a collective bargaining unit or to engage in any other
union organization activity with respect to the workforce of any Target Entity.

   (b)  The Target Entities are in material compliance with the Immigration
Reform and Control Act of 1986, as amended, other United States immigration
Laws and the Laws related to the employment of non-United States citizens
applicable in the state in which any Target Entity has employees and all
applicable foreign Laws in the country in which any Target Entity has employees.

   (c)  Except as disclosed in Section 5.12 of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, since January 1, 1998, no Target Entity has been the subject of any
inspection or investigation relating to its compliance with or violation of any
immigration laws, nor has it been warned, fined or otherwise penalized by
reason of any failure to comply with the immigration laws, nor is any such
proceeding pending or threatened.

   (d)   Except as disclosed in Section 5.12 of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, to the Knowledge of Target, (i) no Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission or state fair employment practice agency charges or other claims of
employment discrimination, harassment or wrongful discharge are pending against
any Target Entity or any of their employees, (ii) no state or federal Wage and
Hour Department investigations and no claims or charges relating to wage and
hour issues are pending or threatened, (iii) no Office of Federal Contract
Compliance Programs compliance review or investigation or other United States
Department of Labor or state department of labor compliance review or
investigation of any Target Entity is pending, and Target has received no
notice of any such compliance review or investigation, (iv) Target is not bound
by any consent decree or settlement agreement relating to employment decisions
or relations with employees, independent contractors or applicants for
employment, and (v) no Occupational Safety and Health Administration
investigations are pending against any Target Entity.

                                     A-14

5.13  Employee Benefit Plans

   (a)  Target has disclosed in Section 5.13 of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, and has delivered or made available to Buyer prior to the execution
of this Agreement, (i) copies of each material Employee Benefit Plan currently
adopted, maintained by, sponsored in whole or in part by, or contributed to by
any Target Entity or ERISA Affiliate thereof for the benefit of employees,
former employees, retirees, dependents, spouses, directors, independent
contractors, or other beneficiaries or under which employees, retirees, former
employees, dependents, spouses, directors, independent contractors, or other
beneficiaries are eligible to participate (collectively, the "Target Benefit
Plans") and (ii) a list of each material Employee Benefit Plan that is not
identified in (i) above (e.g., former Employee Benefit Plans) but for which the
Target Entity or ERISA Affiliate has or reasonably could have any obligation or
Liability. Any of the Target Benefit Plans which is an "employee pension
benefit plan," as that term is defined in ERISA Section 3(2), is referred to
herein as a "Target ERISA Plan." Each Target ERISA Plan which is also a
"defined benefit plan" (as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 414(j)) is
referred to herein as a "Target Pension Plan."

   (b)  Target has made available to Buyer prior to the execution of this
Agreement (i) all trust agreements or other funding arrangements for all
Employee Benefit Plans, (ii) all determination letters, rulings, opinion
letters, information letters or advisory opinions issued by the IRS, the United
States Department of Labor ("DOL") or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
during this calendar year or any of the preceding three calendar years, (iii)
any filing or documentation (whether or not filed with the IRS) where
corrective action was taken in connection with the IRS EPCRS program set forth
in Revenue Procedure 2001-17 (or its predecessor or successor rulings), (iv)
annual reports or returns, audited or unaudited financial statements, actuarial
reports and valuations prepared for any Employee Benefit Plan for the current
plan year and the three preceding plan years, and (v) the most recent summary
plan descriptions and any material modifications thereto.

   (c)  Except as previously disclosed to Buyer, each Target Benefit Plan is in
compliance in all material respects with the terms of such Target Benefit Plan
and the applicable requirements of the Internal Revenue Code and ERISA. Each
Target ERISA Plan which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code has received a favorable determination letter from the
IRS that is still in effect and applies to the Target ERISA Plan as amended and
as administered or, within the time permitted under Internal Revenue Code
Section 401(b), has timely applied for a favorable determination letter which
when issued will apply retroactively to the Target ERISA Plan as amended and as
administered. Target is not aware of any circumstances likely to result in
revocation of any such favorable determination letter. Except as disclosed in
Section 5.13(c) of the Target Disclosure Memorandum, Target has not received
any communication (written or unwritten) from any government agency questioning
or challenging the compliance of any Target Benefit Plan with applicable Laws.
Except as disclosed in Section 5.13(c) of the Target Disclosure Memorandum, no
Target Benefit Plan is currently being audited by a governmental agency for
compliance with applicable Laws or has been audited with a determination by the
governmental agency that the Employee Benefit Plan failed to comply with
applicable Laws.

   (d)  There has been no oral or written representation or communication with
respect to any aspect of the Employee Benefit Plans made to employees of any
Target Entity or ERISA Affiliate which is not in accordance with the written or
otherwise preexisting terms and provisions of such plans. No Target Entity,
ERISA Affiliate, administrator or fiduciary of any Target Benefit Plan (or any
agent of any of the foregoing) has engaged in any transaction, or acted or
failed to act in any manner, which could subject the Target or Buyer to any
direct or indirect material Liability (by indemnity or otherwise) for breach of
any fiduciary, co-fiduciary or other duty under ERISA. There are no unresolved
claims or disputes under the terms of, or in connection with, the Target
Benefit Plans other than claims for benefits which are payable in the ordinary
course of business and no action, proceeding, prosecution, inquiry, hearing or
investigation has been commenced with respect to any Target Benefit Plan.

                                     A-15

   (e)  All Target Benefit Plan documents and annual reports or returns,
audited or unaudited financial statements, actuarial valuations, summary annual
reports, and summary plan descriptions issued with respect to the Target
Benefit Plans complete and correct in all material respects, have been timely
filed with the IRS, the DOL or distributed to participants of the Target
Benefit Plans (as required by Law), and there have been no material changes in
the information set forth therein.

   (f)  Except as previously disclosed to Buyer, no "party in interest" (as
defined in ERISA Section 3(14)) or "disqualified person" (as defined in
Internal Revenue Code Section 4975(e)(2)) of any Target Benefit Plan has
engaged in any material nonexempt "prohibited transaction" (described in
Internal Revenue Code Section 4975(c) or ERISA Section 406).

   (g)  For any Target Pension Plan, the fair market value of such Target
Pension Plan's assets equals or exceeds the present value of all benefits
(whether vested or not) accrued to date by all present or former participants
in such Target Pension Plan. For this purpose the assumptions prescribed by the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation for valuing plan assets or liabilities
upon plan termination shall be applied and the term "benefits" shall include
the value of all benefits, rights and features protected under Internal Revenue
Code Section 411(d)(6) or its successors and any ancillary benefits (including
disability, shutdown, early retirement and welfare benefits) provided under any
such Target Pension Plan and all "benefit liabilities" as defined in ERISA
Section 4001(a)(16). Since the date of the most recent actuarial valuation,
there has been (i) no material change in the financial position of any Target
Pension Plan, (ii) no change in the actuarial assumptions with respect to any
Target Pension Plan, and (iii) no increase in benefits under any Target Pension
Plan as a result of Target Pension Plan amendments or changes in any applicable
Law which is reasonably likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
material adverse effect on the funding status of such Target Pension Plan. All
contributions with respect to an Employee Benefit Plan of Target, or any of its
ERISA Affiliates that is subject to Internal Revenue Code Section 412 or ERISA
Section 302 have or will be timely made and, with respect to any such Employee
Benefit Plan, there is no Lien nor is there expected to be a Lien under
Internal Revenue Code Section 412(n) or ERISA Section 302(f) or Tax under
Internal Revenue Code Section 4971. No Target Pension Plan has a "liquidity
shortfall" as defined in Internal Revenue Code Section 412(m)(5). Neither
Target nor any of its ERISA Affiliates is subject to or can reasonably be
expected to become subject to a Lien under Internal Revenue Code Section
401(a)(29). All premiums required to be paid under ERISA Section 4006 have been
timely paid by Target and by its ERISA Affiliates.

   (h)  No Liability under Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be
incurred by Target or its ERISA Affiliates and no event has occurred that could
reasonably result in material Liability under Title IV of ERISA being incurred
by Target or its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any ongoing, frozen, or
terminated single-employer plan of Target or the single-employer plan of any
ERISA Affiliate. There has been no "reportable event," within the meaning of
ERISA Section 4043 for which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been
waived by any ongoing, frozen, or terminated single employer plan of Target or
of an ERISA Affiliate.

   (i)  Except as disclosed in Section 5.13 of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, no Target Entity has any material Liability for retiree health and
life benefits under any of the Target Benefit Plans and there are no
restrictions on the rights of such Target Entity to amend or terminate any such
retiree health or benefit Plan without incurring any material Liability
thereunder except to the extent required under Part 6 of Title I of ERISA or
Internal Revenue Code Section 4980B. No Tax under Internal Revenue Code
Sections 4980B or 5000 has been incurred with respect to any Target Benefit
Plan and no circumstance exists which is reasonably likely to give rise to such
Taxes.

   (j)  Except as disclosed in Section 5.13 of the Target Disclosure
Memorandum, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) result in any
payment (including severance, termination indemnity, unemployment compensation,
golden parachute, or otherwise) becoming due to any director, any employee or
any independent contractor of any Target Entity from any Target Entity under
any Target Benefit Plan or otherwise, (ii) increase any benefits otherwise
payable under any Target Benefit Plan or otherwise, or (iii) result in any
acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any such benefit.

                                     A-16

   (k)  The actuarial present values of all accrued deferred compensation
entitlements (including entitlements under any executive compensation,
supplemental retirement, or employment agreement) of current and former
employees and current and former independent contractors of any Target Entity
and their respective beneficiaries, other than entitlements accrued pursuant to
funded retirement plans subject to the provisions of Internal Revenue Code
Section 412 or ERISA Section 302, have been fully reflected on the Target
Financial Statements to the extent required by and in accordance with GAAP.

   (l)  All individuals who render services to any Target Entity and who are
authorized to participate in a Target Benefit Plan pursuant to the terms of
such Target Benefit Plan are in fact eligible to and authorized to participate
in such Target Benefit Plan. All individuals participating in (or eligible to
participate in) any Target Benefit Plan are common-law employees of a Target
Entity, except where the terms of such plans allow participation by persons who
are not common law employees and as provided in Section 5.13(l) of the Target
Disclosure Memorandum.

   (m)  On or after September 26, 1980, neither the Target nor any of its ERISA
Affiliates has had an "obligation to contribute" (as defined in ERISA Section
4212) to a "multiemployer plan" (as defined in ERISA Sections 4001(a)(3) and
3(37)(A)).

   (n)  Without limiting th