URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/919628/000089256901501345/0000892569-01-501345.txt

Y
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7147745796

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 WEST CARL KARCHER WAY
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92801

S-4

a78001ors-4.txt

FORM S-4

       As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2001

                                                           Registration No. 333-

================================================================================

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   -----------

                                    FORM S-4

                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT

                                      UNDER

                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                   -----------

                              CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

            DELAWARE                           5812                         33-0602639
(State or other jurisdiction of    (Primary Standard Industrial          (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)    Classification Code Number)         Identification No.)

                          3916 STATE STREET, SUITE 300
                         SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA 93105
                                 (805) 898-4200
    (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                  of registrant's principal executive offices)

                                   -----------

                                ANDREW F. PUZDER

                      PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

                              CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.

                          3916 STATE STREET, SUITE 300

                         SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA 93105

                                 (805) 898-4200

            (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number,
                   including area code, of agent for service)

                                   -----------

                                 With copies to:

         Theodore Abajian                       C. Craig Carlson, Esq.               Stephen D. Silbert, Esq.
President and Chief Executive Officer      Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth      Christensen, Miller, Fink, Jacobs,
 Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc.         660 Newport Center Drive            Glaser, Weil & Shapiro, LLP
    3938 State Street, Suite 200                    Suite 1600                      2121 Avenue of the Stars
  Santa Barbara, California 93105          Newport Beach, California 92660                18th Floor
          (805) 563-3644                          (949) 725-4000                 Los Angeles, California 90067
                                                                                         (310) 553-3000

                                   -----------

        APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: As soon
as practicable after this Registration Statement is declared effective and all
other conditions to the merger (the "Merger") of a wholly-owned subsidiary of
CKE Restaurants, Inc. (the "Registrant" or "CKE") with and into Santa Barbara
Restaurant Group, Inc. ("SBRG") pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger
described in the enclosed joint proxy statement/prospectus have been satisfied
or waived.

        If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box. [ ]

        If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. [ ]

        If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [ ]

                         CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

==================================================================================================
                                  Amount     Proposed maximum    Proposed maximum     Amount of
    Title of each class of        to be     offering price per  aggregate offering   registration
 securities to be registered    registered       share(2)             price(2)           fee
                                   (1)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, $0.01 par value   7,591,234         $7.85             $59,591,187       $14,243
==================================================================================================

(1)     This Registration Statement relates to the common stock, par value $0.01
        per share, of the Registrant (the "CKE Common Stock") estimated to be
        issuable to holders of common stock, par value $0.08 per share, of SBRG
        (the "SBRG Common Stock") in connection with the Merger. The number of
        shares to be registered pursuant to this Registration Statement is based
        on the maximum number of shares of CKE Common Stock estimated to be
        issuable to stockholders of SBRG upon the consummation of the Merger,
        determined as the product of (a) 0.50, the exchange ratio at which the
        Registrant would issue shares of CKE Common Stock for shares of SBRG
        Common Stock, and (b) 15,182,468, which represents the 12,841,538 shares
        of SBRG Common Stock which were issued and outstanding as of December
        13, 2001, plus the 2,340,930 options to purchase shares of SBRG Common
        Stock which will be vested and exercisable as of March 29, 2002, the
        date by which the merger agreement requires the Merger to be
        consummated.

(2)     Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of the
        registration fee. The proposed maximum aggregate offering price has been
        computed pursuant to Rule 457(c) and 457(f)(1) under the Securities Act
        of 1933, as amended, based on the product of the estimated maximum
        number of shares of CKE Common Stock to be exchanged for the shares of
        SBRG Common Stock (7,591,234) multiplied by the average of the high and
        low sale prices of CKE Common Stock as reported on the NYSE on
        December 17, 2001 ($7.85).

        The Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall
file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration
statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until this registration statement
shall become effective on such date as the Securities Exchange Commission,
acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is not complete and may
be changed. We may not offer or sell these securities until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This
proxy statement/prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and it is
not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or
sale is not permitted.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 Subject to Completion, Dated December 21, 2001

        [CKE LOGO]                                             [SBRG LOGO]

                        JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

                                 MERGER PROPOSAL

                           YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

        CKE Restaurants, Inc. and Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc. have
agreed to a merger in which CKE will acquire SBRG. If the merger is completed,
SBRG will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of CKE. In the merger, holders of
SBRG common stock will receive one-half of one share of CKE common stock for
each share of SBRG common stock. CKE shares are traded on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol "CKR." If the average price of the CKE common stock is
less than $6.25 per share at closing, SBRG may terminate the merger agreement.
If the average price of the CKE common stock is greater than $9.50 per share at
closing, CKE may terminate the merger agreement. The closing price of CKE common
shares on December 20, 2001 was $8.52, and the closing price of CKE common
shares has been lower than $6.25 on nine days during the three month period
preceding that date. The closing price of CKE common shares has not been higher
than $9.50 during the three month period preceding that date.

        Neither SBRG nor CKE has determined at this time what it intends to do
if the average closing price of the CKE common stock is less than $6.25 per
share or greater than $9.50 per share, as applicable. If the stockholders of
both companies approve the merger and the average closing price of CKE common
shares is lower than $6.25 at closing, the SBRG Board of Directors will
determine whether to abandon the merger, as described in this prospectus,
without seeking further approval of SBRG stockholders. If the stockholders of
both companies approve the merger and the average closing price of CKE common
shares is higher than $9.50 at closing, the CKE Board of Directors will
determine whether to abandon the merger, as described in this prospectus,
without seeking further approval of CKE stockholders.

        After careful consideration, the boards of directors of CKE and SBRG
have approved the merger agreement and have determined that the merger is in the
best interests of their stockholders. Each board of directors recommends that
stockholders vote "FOR" approval of the merger agreement.

        We cannot complete the merger unless we obtain the necessary government
and lender approvals and unless the stockholders of both of companies approve
it. We have each scheduled special meetings of our stockholders to consider and
vote on the merger.

        You are cordially invited to attend the applicable special meeting.
Whether or not you plan to attend the special stockholder meeting, please take
the time to vote by completing and mailing the enclosed proxy to us. CKE
stockholders may also vote by telephone or the Internet, as described in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. If you date and mail your proxy without
indicating how you want to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote "FOR" the
merger. If you do not return your card or otherwise vote your shares, or if you
do not instruct your broker how to vote any shares held for you in "street
name," the effect will be the same as a vote against the merger.

        This joint proxy statement/prospectus gives you detailed information
about the special meetings, the merger and related matters. We encourage you to
read this entire document carefully. You can also obtain information about our
companies from publicly available documents we have each filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

_____________________________________      _____________________________________
         Andrew F. Puzder                         Theodore Abajian
President and Chief Executive Officer      President and Chief Executive Officer
       CKE Restaurants, Inc.               Santa Barbara Restaurants Group, Inc.

        SEE "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 17 FOR A DESCRIPTION OF RISK
FACTORS THAT SHOULD BE CONSIDERED BY STOCKHOLDERS WITH RESPECT TO THE MERGER.

        NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES
REGULATOR HAS APPROVED THE CKE COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED IN THE MERGER OR
DETERMINED IF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS ACCURATE OR ADEQUATE. ANY
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

            THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS DATED ______________, 2002
AND IS FIRST BEING MAILED TO STOCKHOLDERS ON OR ABOUT _______________, 2002.

                              CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.
                          3916 STATE STREET, SUITE 300
                         SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA 93105

                    NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                         TO BE HELD ON __________, 2002

        Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders of CKE
Restaurants, Inc. will be held on ________, _________ _____, 2002, at_______,
a.m., local time, at _________________, located at ___________________, to
consider and vote upon the proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of December 20, 2001, by and between CKE Restaurants, Inc.
and Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc. and the issuance of shares of CKE
common stock in the merger and to transact such other business as may properly
come before the special meeting.

        Only stockholders of record at the close of business on ___________
_____, 2002 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and
any adjournments or postponements thereof.

                                        By Order of the Board of Directors

                                        ______________________________________
                                        William P. Foley, II
                                        Chairman of the Board of Directors

____________ ______, 2002

Santa Barbara, California

        IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOUR SHARES BE REPRESENTED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING,
WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND IN PERSON. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE REQUESTED TO
COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE ENCLOSED
ENVELOPE, WHICH REQUIRES NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES. IF YOU
ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, YOU MAY VOTE SHARES REGISTERED IN YOUR NAME (AND, IF
YOU HAVE A PROPER POWER OF ATTORNEY, SHARES REGISTERED IN A NOMINEE'S NAME) IN
PERSON IF YOU WISH, EVEN IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY RETURNED YOUR PROXY CARD.

                      SANTA BARBARA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC.
                          3938 STATE STREET, SUITE 200
                         SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA 93105

                    NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                        TO BE HELD ON ____________, 2002

        Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders of Santa
Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc., will be held on _________, _______ ____, 2002,
at _________ a.m., local time, at _______________, located at _______________,
to vote on a proposal to approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of December 20, 2001, by and between CKE Restaurants, Inc., and Santa
Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc., and to transact such other business as may
properly come before the special meeting.

        Only stockholders of record at the close of business on _________ ___,
2002 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements thereof.

                                        By Order of the Board of Directors

                                        ______________________________________
                                        William P. Foley, II
                                        Chairman of the Board of Directors

__________ ____, 2002

Santa Barbara, California

        IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOUR SHARES BE REPRESENTED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING,
WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND IN PERSON. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE REQUESTED TO
COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD IN THE ENCLOSED
ENVELOPE, WHICH REQUIRES NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES. IF YOU
ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, YOU MAY VOTE SHARES REGISTERED IN YOUR NAME (AND, IF
YOU HAVE A PROPER POWER OF ATTORNEY, SHARES REGISTERED IN A NOMINEE'S NAME) IN
PERSON IF YOU WISH, EVEN IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY RETURNED YOUR PROXY CARD.

                                

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER.......................................................1

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS...................................3

SUMMARY......................................................................................4
    The Companies............................................................................4
    The Special Meetings.....................................................................4
    The Merger...............................................................................5
    Comparative Per Share Market Price Information...........................................9
    Selected Consolidated Financial Data....................................................10
    Comparative Per Share Data..............................................................16

RISK FACTORS................................................................................17
    Risks Related to the Merger.............................................................17
     The actual tax treatment of the merger may differ from the tax treatment
     we expect to receive...................................................................17
     Difficulties associated with integrating CKE and SBRG could affect CKE's
     ability to realize cost savings........................................................17
     The price of CKE's common stock may fluctuate rapidly and prevent stockholders
     from selling their stock at a profit...................................................17
     The sale of a substantial amount of CKE common stock after the merger could
     adversely affect the market price of CKE common stock..................................18
     Since the market price of CKE common stock will vary, SBRG stockholders
     cannot be sure of the market value of the CKE common stock to be received
     in the merger..........................................................................18
    Risks Related to CKE....................................................................18
     To service CKE's indebtedness, CKE will require a significant amount of cash.
     CKE's ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond its control..............18
     CKE will continue to face challenges in its attempt to improve its
     Hardee's operations....................................................................19
     CKE's ability to expand its restaurant chains depends on factors beyond
     CKE's control..........................................................................20
     CKE's success depends on CKE's ability to compete with its major competitors...........21
     Consumer preferences and perceptions, seasonality and general economic conditions
     may have significant effects on CKE's business.........................................21
     CKE faces risks related to interest rates..............................................21
     CKE faces certain commodity price risks................................................22
     CKE must devote significant resources to comply with extensive legal requirements
     applicable to its franchise and other business operations..............................22
     Disruption in deliveries may adversely affect CKE's restaurants........................22
     Compliance with environmental laws may adversely affect CKE's financial health.........22

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS...........................................23

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION.......................................................28

THE CKE SPECIAL MEETING.....................................................................28
    How to Vote.............................................................................29
    Revocation of Proxies...................................................................29
    Record Date; Vote Required..............................................................30
    Quorum..................................................................................30
    Expenses of Solicitation................................................................30
    Recommendation of the CKE Board of Directors............................................30
    Miscellaneous...........................................................................30

THE SBRG SPECIAL MEETING....................................................................31
    Proxies.................................................................................31
    Revocation of Proxies...................................................................31
    Record Date; Vote Required..............................................................31
    Quorum..................................................................................32
    Expenses of Solicitation................................................................32
    Recommendation of the SBRG Board of Directors...........................................32
    Miscellaneous...........................................................................32

THE MERGER..................................................................................33
    General.................................................................................33
    Merger Consideration....................................................................33
    Background of the Merger................................................................33
    CKE Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the CKE Board of Directors................36
    SBRG Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the SBRG Board of Directors..............37
    Opinion of CKE's Financial Advisor......................................................38
    Opinion of SBRG's Financial Advisor.....................................................46
    Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger..............................48
    Required Regulatory Filings and Approvals...............................................50
    Resale of CKE Common Stock..............................................................50
    Management and Operations Following the Merger..........................................51
    Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger..............................................51
    Indemnification and Insurance...........................................................51
    Expenses................................................................................52
    Appraisal Rights........................................................................52
    Pending Litigation......................................................................53

                                       (i)

    Accounting Treatment....................................................................54

THE MERGER AGREEMENT........................................................................54
    General.................................................................................54
    Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares; Transfers.............................54
    Corporate Governance....................................................................54
    Representations and Warranties..........................................................55
    Concept of "Material Adverse Effect"....................................................55
    Certain Covenants.......................................................................55
    Conditions to the Merger................................................................59
    Termination.............................................................................60
    Amendment and Waiver....................................................................61

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND MATERIAL CONTRACTS...........................................61

DESCRIPTION OF CKE CAPITAL STOCK............................................................62

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SBRG STOCKHOLDERS AND CKE STOCKHOLDERS..............................65

LEGAL MATTERS...............................................................................67

EXPERTS.....................................................................................67

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS.......................................................................67

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.........................................................68

APPENDIX A  --  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 20, 2001, by and between
                 CKE Restaurants, Inc. and Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc.
APPENDIX B  --  Fairness Opinion of Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., dated December 20, 2001
APPENDIX C  --  Fairness Opinion of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. dated December 14, 2001
APPENDIX D  --  Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
APPENDIX E  --  SBRG Annual Report on Form 10-K and Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2000
APPENDIX F  --  SBRG Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 4, 2001

                                      (ii)

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q:      WHY ARE THE TWO COMPANIES PROPOSING TO MERGE?

A:      CKE expects that the merger will result in synergies for CKE's and
        SBRG's combined operations, furthering its ability to develop and expand
        its and SBRG's restaurant lines. The merger will combine CKE's and
        SBRG's complementary strengths and provide significant benefits to CKE's
        stockholders and customers. SBRG believes that the merger consideration
        will provide a significant premium and increased liquidity to the SBRG
        stockholders.

Q.      WHAT AM I BEING ASKED TO VOTE ON?

A.      Both the CKE and SBRG stockholders are being asked to approve the
        proposed merger of CKE and SBRG.

Q:      WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A:      After you have carefully read this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
        indicate on your proxy how you want to vote, and sign and mail it in the
        enclosed prepaid return envelope as soon as possible so that your shares
        may be represented and voted at the appropriate special meeting. If you
        send the proxy without indicating how you want to vote, we will count
        your proxy as a vote in favor of the merger. The Boards of Directors of
        CKE and SBRG recommend voting for the merger.

Q:      IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN "STREET NAME" BY MY BROKER, WILL MY BROKER VOTE
        MY SHARES FOR ME?

A:      Your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on
        how to vote. You should follow the directions provided by your broker
        regarding how to instruct your broker to vote your shares. Without
        instructions, your shares will not be voted on the proposed merger,
        which will have the same effect as voting against the proposed merger.

Q:      CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE MAILED MY SIGNED PROXY CARD?

A:      Yes. There are several ways in which you may revoke your proxy and
        change your vote. First, you may send a written notice to the party to
        whom you submitted your proxy stating that you would like to revoke your
        proxy. Second, you may complete and submit a new proxy. Third, you may
        attend the CKE special meeting or the SBRG special meeting, as
        applicable, and vote in person. Simply attending the special meeting,
        however, will not revoke your proxy. If you have instructed a broker to
        vote your shares, you must follow directions received from your broker
        to change your vote.

Q:      SHOULD I SEND IN MY STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A:      No. We will send SBRG stockholders separate written instructions for
        exchanging their share certificates approximately 15 days prior to when
        we expect the merger will be completed. CKE stockholders will keep their
        existing share certificates.

Q:      WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO MY FUTURE DIVIDENDS?

A:      CKE's senior credit facility restricts cash dividends payable by CKE to
        a fraction of CKE's net income. Therefore, CKE has not paid dividends
        since May 2000. CKE does not anticipate that it will commence paying
        cash dividends following the merger. The merger agreement prohibits SBRG
        from paying dividends through the closing of the merger.

IF YOU WOULD LIKE ADDITIONAL COPIES OF THIS DOCUMENT, OR IF YOU QUESTIONS ABOUT
THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE PROCEDURES FOR VOTING YOUR SHARES, PLEASE CONTACT:

        IF YOU ARE A CKE STOCKHOLDER:         IF YOU ARE A SBRG STOCKHOLDER:

            CKE Restaurants, Inc.          Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc.
        3916 State Street, Suite 300          3938 State Street, Suite 200
       Santa Barbara, California 93105       Santa Barbara, California 93105
         Attention: Dennis J. Lacey,         Attention: Corporate Secretary
          Chief Financial Officer             Phone Number: (805) 563-3644
        Phone Number: (714) 774-5796

        THIS DOCUMENT INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE IMPORTANT BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL
INFORMATION ABOUT CKE FROM OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC. THIS DOCUMENT IS
ACCOMPANIED BY A COPY OF SBRG'S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND FORM 10-K/A FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 28, 2000 AND A COPY OF SBRG'S QUARTERLY REPORT ON
FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED OCTOBER 4, 2001, WHICH ARE ATTACHED TO THIS
DOCUMENT AS APPENDIX E AND APPENDIX F, RESPECTIVELY. YOU MAY HAVE PREVIOUSLY
BEEN SENT SOME OF THESE DOCUMENTS, WHICH ARE LISTED UNDER THE HEADING "WHERE YOU
CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION," BUT YOU CAN OBTAIN ANY OF THEM FROM CKE OR SBRG, AS
APPROPRIATE, OR THE SEC. THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ARE AVAILABLE
WITHOUT CHARGE UPON WRITTEN OR ORAL REQUEST TO THE PERSONS IDENTIFIED ABOVE. IF
YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS FROM CKE, PLEASE DO SO NO LATER THAN FIVE
DAYS BEFORE THE CKE SPECIAL MEETING OR BY __________ ___, 2002, TO RECEIVE THEM
BEFORE THE CKE SPECIAL MEETING. IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS FROM
SBRG, PLEASE DO SO NO LATER THAN FIVE DAYS BEFORE THE SBRG SPECIAL MEETING OR BY
_________ __, 2002 TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE SBRG SPECIAL MEETING.

                         CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING
                           FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

        This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains certain "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and
business of each of CKE and SBRG. These statements may be made directly in this
document or may be "incorporated by reference" from other documents filed with
the SEC by CKE or SBRG. You can find many of these statements by looking for
words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates" or similar
expressions in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in documents
incorporated by reference herein.

        These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions,
risks and uncertainties, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
provides a "safe harbor" for these statements. Factors that may cause actual
results to differ from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements
include, among others, the following possibilities.

        -      Competitive pressures in the food service industry may increase
               significantly.

        -      Consumers' concerns or adverse publicity regarding the companies
               products, effectiveness of operating initiatives and advertising
               and promotional efforts.

        -      General economic or business conditions, both domestic and
               foreign, may be less favorable than expected, resulting in, among
               other things, lower than expected revenues.

        -      Costs or difficulties related to the integration of the
               businesses of CKE and SBRG may be greater than expected.

        -      Adverse changes may occur in the securities markets and in
               commodity prices.

        -      Changes in availability and cost of energy.

        -      Workers' compensation and general liability claims.

        -      The impact of competitive products and pricing.

        -      Changes in suppliers' ability to provide quality and timely
               products.

        -      Delays in opening new restaurants or completing remodels.

        -      Severe weather conditions.

        -      The operations success of franchisees.

        -      Availability of financing for CKE and SBRG and their franchisees.

        -      Unfavorable outcomes in litigation.

        -      Changes in accounting policies and practices.

        -      New legislation or government regulation.

        Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual
results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. Stockholders are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or, in the case of documents incorporated by reference, the
date of such documents.

        All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable
to CKE or SBRG or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in
their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this
section. Neither CKE nor SBRG undertakes any obligation to release publicly any
revisions to such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events.

                                     SUMMARY

        This summary highlights information from this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Because it is a summary, it does not contain all of the
information that may be important to you. We urge you to read carefully the
entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents to which this
document refers to obtain a full understanding of the merger.

THE COMPANIES

CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.
3916 STATE STREET, SUITE 300
SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA 93105
(805) 898-4200

        CKE owns, operates and franchises approximately 3,400 quick-service
restaurants primarily under the Carl's Jr. and Hardee's brand names. According
to the Finance Corporation of America's 2001 Chain Restaurant Industry Review
and Outlook report, CKE's Hardee's and Carl's Jr. chains are the seventh and
eleventh largest quick-service hamburger restaurant chains in the United States,
respectively, based on domestic systemwide sales. The Carl's Jr. menu features
several charbroiled hamburgers, chicken sandwiches, steak sandwiches and other
signature items, including the Famous Star, Western Bacon Cheeseburger(R), Super
Star(R), Charbroiler Chicken Sandwiches(R), Crispy Chicken Sandwiches(R) and the
Charbroiled Sirloin Steak Sandwich. Hardee's strength is in its breakfast menu,
which generates approximately 40% of its overall revenues. This represents one
of the highest percentages in the quick-service hamburger restaurant industry.

SANTA BARBARA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC.
3938 STATE STREET, SUITE 200
SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA 93105
(805) 563-3644

        SBRG is engaged in the food service industry. SBRG owns, operates and
franchises restaurants primarily under the La Salsa, Timber Lodge Steakhouse and
Green Burrito brand names. The La Salsa restaurants are quality, quick-service
restaurants featuring traditional Mexican food items. The restaurants, modeled
after the "taquerias" of Mexico, primarily cater to the lunch and dinner
segment, and feature freshly prepared items such as tacos, burritos, taquitos,
and quesadillas. The Green Burrito stores feature a menu of traditional Mexican
food items including burritos, tostadas, enchiladas, tacos, gorditas, chili
rellenos, tortilla soup, appetizers, soft drinks and non-alcoholic Mexican
drinks. Timber Lodge Steakhouse restaurants offer consistently high-quality
traditional American meals at moderate prices and in generous portions. Each
Timber Lodge Steakhouse incorporates a "north woods" theme with its log-framed
interior, fireplaces, hardwood floors and wood tables, chairs and booths, all of
which help to create a cozy feeling of dining in a warm, comfortable north woods
log cabin.

        This joint proxy statement/prospectus is accompanied by a copy of SBRG's
Annual Report on Form 10-K and Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December
28, 2000 and a copy of SBRG's Quarterly Report on From 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended October 4, 2001, both of which are attached hereto as Appendix E
and Appendix F, respectively. Such documents contain detailed financial and
other information about SBRG and are hereby incorporated by reference in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

        The CKE special meeting will be held on __________, _________ ___, 2002
at _______ a.m., local time, at ____________________, located at
_____________________. At the CKE special meeting, CKE common stockholders will
be asked to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the issuance of shares of
CKE common stock in the merger.

        The SBRG special meeting will be held on _______, _______ ___, 2002 at
_____ a.m., local time, at the __________________________, located at
__________________. At the SBRG special meeting, SBRG common stockholders will
be asked to approve and adopt the merger agreement.

        RECORD DATE; VOTE REQUIRED (Pages ____ and ___)

        You are entitled to vote at your stockholders' special meeting if you
owned shares at the close of business on ___________ ______, 2002, which is
the record date for the special meetings. On _________ ___, ____, there were
_____________ shares of CKE common stock and __________ shares of SBRG common
stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. You can cast one vote for
each share of CKE common stock, with respect to the CKE special meeting, or SBRG
common stock, with respect to the SBRG special meeting, that you owned on the
record date.

        Approval by CKE stockholders of the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of more than 50% of the shares of CKE common stock present in
person or voting by proxy at the CKE special meeting.

        Approval by SBRG stockholders of the merger agreement requires the
affirmative vote of holders of more than 50% of the shares of SBRG common stock
outstanding on the record date.

        RECOMMENDATIONS TO STOCKHOLDERS (Pages ___ and __)

        CKE's board of directors believes that the merger is fair to CKE and to
you as a CKE stockholder and in your best interests, and unanimously recommends
that you vote "FOR" the proposal to approve the merger agreement and the
issuance of shares of CKE common stock in the merger.

        SBRG's board of directors believes that the merger is fair to SBRG and
to you as a SBRG stockholder and in your best interests, and unanimously
recommends that you vote "FOR" the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement.

THE MERGER

        We have attached the merger agreement to this document as Appendix A.
Please read the merger agreement. It is the legal document that governs the
transaction.

        GENERAL (Page ____)

        We propose a merger in which a wholly-owned subsidiary of CKE will be
merged with and into SBRG, with SBRG emerging as the surviving corporation and
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of CKE. At the completion of the merger, the merger
subsidiary's certificate of incorporation, by-laws and directors, as in effect
immediately prior to the merger, will continue as the certificate incorporation,
by-laws and directors of the surviving corporation. We hope to complete the
merger by March 29, 2002.

        WHAT SBRG STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE (Page _____)

        In the merger, shares of SBRG common stock will be converted into the
right to receive merger consideration consisting of one-half of one share of CKE
common stock for each whole share of SBRG.

        OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS (Pages ____ and ____)

        Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., which has served as CKE's financial
advisor in connection with the merger, has delivered its written opinion dated
December 20, 2001 to the CKE Board of Directors that as of such date the merger
consideration to be paid by CKE pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a
financial point of view to CKE. A copy of the opinion delivered by Morgan Keegan
& Company, Inc. is attached to this document as

Appendix B. You should read the opinion in its entirety to understand the
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken by
Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. in providing this opinion.

        Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., which has served as SBRG's financial advisor
in connection with the merger, has delivered its written opinion dated December
14, 2001 to a special committee of the SBRG Board of Directors that, as of such
date and based on the assumptions made, matters considered and limits of review
stated therein, the exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to
the holders of SBRG common shares other than CKE and its affiliates. A copy of
the opinion delivered by Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. is attached to this document
as Appendix C. You should read this opinion in its entirety to understand the
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken by
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. in providing its opinion.

        CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER (Page ___)

        Since the merger is expected to qualify as a reorganization under
Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the SBRG
stockholders will not recognize any gain or loss on the receipt of shares of CKE
common stock in exchange for shares of SBRG common stock in the merger. However,
SBRG stockholders may recognize gain or loss on the receipt of cash in lieu of a
fractional share of CKE common stock. Because of the complexities of the tax
laws, SBRG stockholders are advised to consult their own tax advisors concerning
the applicable federal, state, local, foreign and other tax consequences
resulting from the merger.

        INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER (Page ___)

        Stockholders should note that some of SBRG's directors and executive
officers and some of CKE's directors and executive officers may have interests
in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of SBRG
and CKE stockholders generally.

        REGULATORY APPROVALS REQUIRED FOR THE MERGER (Page ____)

        The Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 requires us to
furnish certain information and materials to the Antitrust Division of the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission and requires a specified
waiting period to expire or be terminated before the merger can be completed.
Even after the waiting period expires or terminates, the Antitrust Division of
the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission will have the
authority to challenge the merger on antitrust grounds before or after the
merger is completed.

        SHARE OWNERSHIP OF MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS (Pages ____ and ____)

        On November 30, 2001, directors and executive officers of CKE and their
affiliates held and were entitled to vote 4,137,596 shares of CKE common stock,
or approximately 7.94% of the shares of CKE common stock outstanding on November
30, 2001.

        On November 30, 2001, directors and executive officers of SBRG and their
affiliates held and were entitled to vote 7,127,080 shares of SBRG common stock,
or approximately 55.5% of the shares of SBRG common stock outstanding on
November 30, 2001.

        APPRAISAL RIGHTS FOR DISSENTING STOCKHOLDERS (Page ___)

        If you are a SBRG stockholder, Delaware law permits you to dissent from
the merger. If you dissent, the fair value of your SBRG stock may be determined
by a court and paid to you in cash. To do this, you must follow certain
procedures, including giving SBRG certain notices and not voting your shares in
favor of the merger. You will not receive any stock in CKE if you dissent and
follow all of the required procedures. Instead, you will only receive the value
of your shares as determined by a court. The value of your shares as determined
by the court may

be more or less than the value of the merger consideration. The relevant
sections of Delaware law governing this process are attached to this document as
Appendix D.

        CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER (Pages ____ and ____)

        The completion of the merger depends on the satisfaction or waiver of a
number of conditions, including the following:

        1.  approval of the merger by the holders of more than 50% of the shares
            of CKE common stock present in person or voting by proxy at the CKE
            special meeting;

        2.  approval of the merger by the holders of more than 50% of the shares
            of SBRG common stock outstanding on the record date;

        3.  approval of the merger by certain federal regulatory authorities and
            the expiration of applicable waiting periods;

        4.  the absence of any legal restraint blocking the merger;

        5.  receipt of a legal opinion to the effect that the merger will
            qualify as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368 of
            the Internal Revenue Code;

        6.  the absence of a material adverse effect on CKE from November 5,
            2001 or SBRG from October 4, 2001, until the time of the merger,
            other than effects caused by, among other things, the merger itself,
            changes in general economic conditions, securities market
            conditions, interest rate levels, or certain legal proceedings; and

        7.  if required, CKE shall have obtained the consent of its lenders
            under its senior credit facility to the merger.

        SBRG STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS (Page ____)

        When we complete the merger, each unexercised stock option to buy SBRG
common stock outstanding under SBRG's stock option plans and each warrant to
purchase SBRG common stock will become an option or warrant to purchase CKE
common stock. The number of shares of CKE common stock subject to each new
option or warrant, as well as the exercise price of each new option or warrant,
will be adjusted to reflect the applicable terms of the merger. Pursuant to the
terms of the SBRG stock option plans, each SBRG option will vest and become
exercisable in its entirety as of the closing of the merger. All of the warrants
are fully vested.

        ACCOUNTING TREATMENT (Page ____)

        The merger will be accounted for as a "purchase" in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which
means that the assets and liabilities of SBRG will be recorded on the books of
CKE at their fair values, with the excess, if any, allocated to goodwill.

        TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT (Page ___)

        We may agree in writing to terminate the merger agreement at any time
without completing the merger, even after the stockholders of both our companies
have approved it.

        In addition, either company can terminate the merger agreement at any
time if:

        1.     the merger has not been completed by March 29, 2002, which either
of us can extend to June 28, 2002 if all required governmental consents have not
been obtained, if CKE shall not have obtained any required consents of its
lenders or if the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act has not expired
or been terminated;

        2.     the SBRG stockholders or the CKE stockholders do not give the
required approvals;

        3.     the other company breaches or fails to perform any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in the merger
agreement in a manner which would cause conditions to the merger not to be
satisfied, and such breach or failure to perform either cannot be cured or is
not cured within a period of ten days after written notice; or

        4.     any legal restriction permanently restraining, enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting completion of the merger has become final and
non-appealable.

        SBRG may also terminate the merger at any time before the merger is
approved by the SBRG stockholders if its Board of Directors has determined that
an alternative transaction with a third party is superior to the merger and that
SBRG should enter into an agreement relating to that transaction. However, SBRG
must give CKE three business days to match the third party's offer before SBRG
can terminate the merger agreement. SBRG may also terminate the merger agreement
if the average CKE common share closing price falls below $6.25. The closing
price of CKE common shares on December 20, 2001 was $8.52, and the closing
price of CKE common shares has been lower than $6.25 on nine days during the
three month period preceding that date.

        CKE may terminate the merger agreement if SBRG's Board of Directors
fails to make, withdraws or adversely modifies its recommendation of the merger
agreement or if SBRG's Board of Directors recommends any other acquisition
proposal to the stockholders of SBRG. CKE may also terminate the merger
agreement if the average CKE share price is greater than $9.50. The closing
price of CKE common shares has not been higher than $9.50 during the three month
period preceding December 20, 2001.

        Neither SBRG nor CKE has determined at this time what it intends to do
if the average CKE share closing price falls below $6.25 or is greater than
$9.50 at closing, as applicable. Any such determination would have to be made in
accordance with the fiduciary duties each Board of Directors owes to its
stockholders under Delaware law. Under Delaware law, the SBRG and CKE directors'
fiduciary duty is to critically assess all relevant and available data before
making a determination, and to act in the bests interests of all SBRG and CKE
stockholders, respectively. Each Board of Directors would consider all of the
circumstances at that time, including: (1) recent share price trends for CKE,
the restaurant industry, and the overall market; (2) recent trends or
developments in the restaurant industry; (3) recent trends or development in the
businesses or outlook of CKE or SBRG; and (4) the prospects for any alternative
strategic courses of action which might include approaching other acquirors
and/or target companies. If the stockholders of both companies approve the
merger, that approval will authorize the Board of Directors of both companies to
elect to abandon the merger, as outlined above and described in this prospectus,
and such actions could be taken without seeking the approval of the respective
companies' stockholders.

        COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SBRG STOCKHOLDERS AND CKE STOCKHOLDERS (Page __)

        The rights of SBRG's stockholders are currently governed by SBRG's
Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, whereas the rights of CKE stockholders
are governed by CKE's Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws. Upon the
completion of the merger, SBRG stockholders will become stockholders of CKE, and
therefore their rights will be governed by CKE's Certificate of Incorporation
and By-laws. As a result of these different Certificates of Incorporation and
By-laws, SBRG stockholders will have different rights as holders of CKE common
stock than they currently have as holders of SBRG common stock.

        RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

        A majority of CKE's Carl's Jr. restaurants have a contract with Enron
Corp. to purchase electricity at a fixed cost through 2003. Enron filed for
bankruptcy in December 2001. While CKE has not yet been notified by Enron that
the contract will be rejected, CKE does believe CKE's energy costs will rise,
possibly by as much as $3.0 million per year.

        On December 20, 2001, SBRG entered into a $12.5 million credit facility
with Fleet National Bank. Under the terms of the credit facility, the closing of
the merger will constitute an event of default

requiring all amounts outstanding under the facility to be repaid in full. CKE
currently intends either to pay off and cancel the credit facility at the
effective time of the merger or make other arrangements with Fleet National
Bank. At __________ ___, ______ there was $_______ outstanding under the credit
facility.

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION

        The following table sets forth the high and low prices per share of CKE
common stock and SBRG common stock on the NYSE and Nasdaq SmallCap Market,
respectively, on November 16, 2001, and _________ ___, 2002. November 16, 2001
was the last trading day before we announced that we had executed a letter of
intent to consummate the merger. ___________ ____, 2002 was the last practicable
trading day for which information was available prior to the date of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    CKE                          SBRG
                                                Common Stock                 Common Stock
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            (Dollars Per Share)          (Dollars Per Share)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                          High      Low      Close     High      Low      Close
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

November 16, 2001                        $8.14     $7.62     $7.85     $2.40    $2.17     $2.35
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
________ __, 2002
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        The market price of both CKE and SBRG common stock will fluctuate prior
to the merger. No assurance can be given as to the future prices or markets for
CKE common stock or SBRG common stock. You should obtain current stock price
quotations for both CKE and SBRG common stock. Additional market price
information is contained on page 28 under the heading "Market Price and
Dividend Information."

                      SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
                    (In thousands, except per share amounts)

CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.

        The selected consolidated financial data of CKE as of and for the years
ended January 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 has been derived from consolidated
financial statements of CKE incorporated by reference herein which have been
audited by KPMG LLP, independent auditors. The selected consolidated financial
data as of and for the 40 weeks ended November 5, 2001 and November 6, 2000, has
been derived from unaudited consolidated financial statements filed with the SEC
and incorporated by reference herein and include all adjustments (consisting of
normal recurring accruals) which CKE considers necessary for a fair presentation
of the consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
Operating results for the 40 weeks ended November 5, 2001 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year ending
January 31, 2002. This information is qualified in its entirety by, and should
be read in conjunction with, CKE's consolidated financial statements, and the
notes thereto, and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of
Operations and Financial Condition" which are included in reports filed by CKE
with the SEC and are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More Information."

                          (In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts, Restaurant Counts and Percentages)

                                                                                                          40 Weeks Ended
                                                       Fiscal Year Ended Or As Of January 31,(1)       November       November
                                                         2001             2000            1999         5, 2001        6, 2000
                                                      ----------       ----------      ----------     ----------     ----------
                                                                                                             (Unaudited)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
  Total revenues(2)                                   $1,784,582       $1,990,073      $1,892,044     $1,137,788     $1,430,373
  Operating income (loss)                               (133,015)          63,055         168,220        (27,022)       (21,709)
  Operating income, excluding facility
    action charges(4)                                     11,626           89,857         168,220         33,805         29,601
  Interest expense                                        69,762           63,283          43,453         46,783         53,510
  Net income (loss)(3)                                  (194,116)         (29,117)         77,712
                                                                                                         (75,647)       (45,810)
  Net income (loss) per share -- diluted              $    (3.84)      $    (0.56)     $     1.45     $    (1.50)    $    (0.91)
  Weighted average shares outstanding -- diluted          50,501           51,668          56,714         50,505         50,501

  Cash dividends paid per common share                $     0.04       $     0.08      $     0.07     $     0.00     $     0.04
  Ratio of earnings to fixed charges(5)                      N/A             0.5x            2.8x            N/A            N/A
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Total assets                                        $1,207,537       $1,568,514      $1,496,914     $  948,664     $1,410,738
  Total long-term debt and capital lease
    obligations, including current portion               624,335          741,419         625,393        454,519        683,686
Stockholders' equity                                  $  349,557       $  545,757      $  586,842     $  274,020     $  497,863

(1)     CKE's fiscal year is 52 or 53 weeks, ending the last Monday in January.
        For clarity of presentation, all years are presented as if the fiscal
        year ended January 31. Fiscal 2000 includes 53 weeks. Fiscal 2001 and
        1999 include 52 weeks.

(2)     Fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999 and the 40 weeks ended November 6, 2000
        include $109.5 million, $104.7 million, $135.1 million and $25.5
        million, respectively, of revenues generated from other restaurant
        brands CKE sold prior to its third quarter fiscal 2002.

(3)     Net income (loss) for fiscal 2000 and 1999 includes an extraordinary
        gain of $0.3 million and $3.3 million, respectively, net of applicable
        income tax expense, on early retirement of debt.

(4)     Operating income excluding facility action charges reflects the
        elimination of charges for closing stores, impairment reserves and the
        net gain or loss on the sale of restaurants. These net charges for
        fiscal 2001

        and 2000 and the 40 week periods ended November 5, 2001 and November 6,
        2000 amounted to $144.6 million, $26.8 million, $60.8 million and $51.3
        million, respectively.

(5)     For purposes of calculating the ratio of earnings to fixed charges (a)
        earnings represent income (loss) before income taxes and extraordinary
        item and fixed charges, and (b) fixed charges consist of interest on all
        indebtedness, interest related to capital lease obligations,
        amortization of debt issuance costs and a portion of rental expense that
        is representative of the interest factor (deemed by CKE to be
        one-third). Earnings are insufficient to cover fixed charges for the
        year ended January 31, 2001, and the 40 week periods ended November 5,
        2001 and November 6, 2000 by $205.3 million, $73.4 million and $76.3
        million, respectively.

                                                                                            40 Weeks Ended
                                                Fiscal year ended January 31,(1)        -----------------------
                                             --------------------------------------     November 5,    November 6,
                                               2001(2)       2000(2)       1999(2)         2001           2000
                                             ----------     ---------      --------     -----------    -----------
                                                                                              (Unaudited)

CARL'S JR. RESTAURANTS
Restaurants open (at end of period):
  Company-operated                                  491           563           539            441            554
  Franchised and licensed                           486           371           322            530            419
                                             ----------     ---------      --------       --------       --------
        Total                                       977           934           861            971            973
                                             ----------     ---------      --------       --------       --------

Systemwide restaurant revenues:
    Company-operated restaurants             $  604,928     $ 613,155      $535,038       $402,619       $476,655
    Franchised and licensed                     432,387       306,564       261,341        411,450        290,453
     restaurants
                                             ----------     ---------      --------       --------       --------
        Total systemwide revenues            $1,037,315     $ 919,719      $796,379       $814,069       $767,108
                                             ----------     ---------      --------       --------       --------

Average annual sales per
  company-operated restaurant(3)             $    1,078     $   1,086      $  1,185       $  1,175       $  1,150
Percentage increase (decrease) in
  comparable company-operated
  restaurant sales(4)                               1.8%         (3.0)%         3.0%           2.8%           2.4%
Operating margins                                  19.4%         22.8%         25.9%          19.6%          20.2%

                                                                                            40 Weeks Ended
                                           Fiscal year ended January 31,(1)             ----------------------------
                                     ---------------------------------------------      November 5,      November 6,
                                     2001(2)          2000(2)          1999(2)             2001             2000
                                     -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------
                                                                                                (Unaudited)

HARDEE'S RESTAURANTS
Restaurants open (at end of
  period):
  Company-operated                           923            1,354            1,403              751            1,027
  Franchised and licensed                  1,737            1,434            1,401            1,706            1,697
                                     -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------
        Total                              2,660            2,788            2,804            2,457            2,724
                                     -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------

Systemwide restaurant revenues:
    Company-operated restaurants     $   855,060      $ 1,096,805      $ 1,063,075      $   486,229      $   708,419
    Franchised and licensed
     restaurants                       1,272,540        1,219,229        1,412,929          922,911          907,705
                                     -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------
      Total systemwide revenues      $ 2,127,600      $ 2,316,034      $ 2,476,004      $ 1,409,140      $ 1,616,124
                                     -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------      -----------

Average annual sales per
  company-operated restaurant(3)     $       715      $       769      $       793      $       741      $       732
Percentage decrease in
  comparable company-operated
  restaurant sales(4)                       (7.6)%           (5.0)%           (7.5)%           (1.2)%           (5.7)%
Operating margins                            7.6%            13.6%            16.7%             9.3%             8.5%

(1)     CKE's fiscal year is 52 or 53 weeks, ending the last Monday in January.
        For clarity of presentation, all years are presented as if the fiscal
        year ended January 31. Fiscal 2000 includes 53 weeks. Fiscal 2001 and
        1999 include 52 weeks.

(2)     The Hardee's-to-Carl's Jr. converted restaurants operating in Oklahoma,
        Kansas and Texas are included in the number of Carl's Jr. restaurants
        open at the end of fiscal 1999. The operating results of these
        restaurants, however, are included in the Carl's Jr. financial
        information beginning in fiscal 2000. In fiscal 1999, these operating
        results are included as part of Hardee's financial results.

(3)     Calculated on a 52- or 53-week trailing basis for all periods presented.

(4)     Includes only restaurants open throughout the full periods being
        compared.

SANTA BARBARA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC.

        The selected consolidated financial data of SBRG as of and for the years
ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 has been derived from consolidated
financial statements of SBRG included in Appendix E to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus which have been audited by KPMG LLP, independent auditors.
The selected consolidated financial data as of and for the 40 weeks ended
October 4, 2001 and October 5, 2000, has been derived from unaudited
consolidated financial statements filed with the SEC and included in Appendix F
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and include all adjustments (consisting
of normal recurring accruals) which SBRG considers necessary for a fair
presentation of the consolidated financial position, results of operations and
cash flows. Operating results for the 40 weeks ended October 4, 2001 are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year
ending December 31, 2001. This information is qualified in its entirety by, and
should be read in conjunction with, SBRG's consolidated financial statements,
and the notes thereto, and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of
Operations and Financial Condition" which are included in reports filed by SBRG
with the SEC and are included as Appendices E and F to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See "Where You Can Find More Information."

                      (In Thousands Except Per Share Amounts, Restaurant Counts and Percentages)

                                                     Fiscal Year Ended Or As Of December 31,(1)          40 Weeks Ended
                                                       2000            1999(3)         1998(2)    Oct. 4, 2001    Oct. 5, 2000
                                                     ---------        ---------        -------    ------------    ------------
                                                                                                           (Unaudited)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
  Total revenues(4)                                  $ 124,033        $ 114,402        $35,553       $67,846       $ 100,709
  Operating income (loss)                                 (647)          (3,820)         1,195         2,801          (1,251)
  Operating income, excluding facility
    action charges(5)                                    2,345            2,702          1,195         2,801           1,741

  Interest expense                                         922              704            204           552             747
  Net income (loss)                                     (1,418)          (2,502)         1,376         2,636          (1,561)
  Net income (loss) per share--diluted               $   (0.08)       $   (0.14)       $  0.15       $  0.18       $   (0.09)
  Weighted average shares outstanding--diluted          17,765           17,741          9,286        14,585          18,140
  Cash dividends paid per common share                      --               --             --            --              --

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Total assets                                       $  72,806        $  75,362        $75,830       $67,043       $  69,658
  Total long-term debt and capital lease
    obligations, including current portion               7,196            6,307          7,165         5,981           6,233
  Stockholders' equity                               $  54,579        $  57,942        $49,474       $49,415       $  54,468

(1)     SBRG's fiscal year is 52 or 53 weeks, ending the last Thursday in
        December. For clarity of presentation, all years are presented as if the
        fiscal year ended December 31. Fiscal 2000, 1999, and 1998 each includes
        52 weeks.

(2)     Fiscal 1998 includes operating results of Timber Lodge Steakhouse from
        and after September 1, 1998.

(3)     Fiscal 1999 includes operating results of La Salsa Fresh Mexican Grill
        from and after July 15, 1999.

(4)     Fiscal 2000, 1999, and 1998 and the 40 weeks ended October 5, 2000
        include $39.5 million, $54.7 million, $18.4 million, and $35.7 million
        respectively, of revenues generated from restaurant concepts SBRG sold
        prior to its fiscal 2000 year end.

(5)     Operating income excluding facility action charges reflects the
        elimination of charges for the sale of restaurants and impairment
        reserves. These net charges for fiscal 2000 and 1999 and the 40 weeks
        ended October 5, 2000 amounted to $3.0 million, $6.5 million, and $3.0
        million respectively.

                                                   Fiscal Year Ended Or As Of December 31,(1)             40 Weeks Ended
                                                     2000            1999(3)         1998(2)       Oct. 4, 2001    Oct. 5, 2000
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------      ------------    ------------
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)

Company operated restaurants
  Timber Lodge Steakhouse                                 25               23              21             25              24
  La Salsa Fresh Mexican                                  45               49              --             49              46
  Green Burrito                                            5                5               6              5               5
  JB's                                                    --               60              62             --
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------       --------        --------
      Subtotal                                            75              137              89             79              75
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------       --------        --------
Franchised Restaurants
  Timber Lodge Steakhouse                                  1               --              --              1               1
  La Salsa Fresh Mexican                                  47               45              --             46              47
  Green Burrito(4)                                       251              250             219            232             249
  JB's                                                    --               29              29             --              --
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------       --------        --------
      Subtotal                                           299              324             248            279             297
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------       --------        --------
      Total company and franchised restaurants           374              461             337            358             372
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------       --------        --------

Restaurant Revenues:
  Company operated
    Timber Lodge Steakhouse                        $  44,000        $  39,000        $ 12,200       $ 36,000        $ 33,500
    La Salsa Fresh Mexican                            35,600           15,800              --         28,700          27,700
    Green Burrito                                      2,000            2,200           2,800          1,500           1,600
    JB's                                              38,400           53,200          17,900             --          34,700
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------       --------        --------
      Subtotal                                       120,000          110,200          32,900         66,200          97,500
  Franchised and licensed                              4,000            4,200           2,700          1,600           3,200
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------       --------        --------
    Total restaurant revenues                      $ 124,000        $ 114,400        $ 35,600       $ 67,800        $100,700
                                                   ---------        ---------        --------       --------        --------

  Percentage increase (decrease) in Company
    operated same-store sales(5)
    Timber Lodge Steakhouse                              3.2%             3.2%            1.5%          (4.4)%           4.7%
    La Salsa Fresh Mexican                               7.2%             6.7%            N/A            4.0%            7.7%
    Green Burrito                                       (0.2)%          (11.3)%          (3.6)%         (4.7)%           0.9%
    JB's                                                 N/A             (2.3)%           6.9%           N/A             N/A

(1)     SBRG's fiscal year is 52 or 53 weeks, ending the last Thursday in
        December. For clarity of presentation, all years are presented as if the
        fiscal year ended December 31. Fiscal 2000, 1999, and 1998 each includes
        52 weeks.

(2)     Fiscal 1998 includes operating results of Timber Lodge Steakhouse from
        and after September 1, 1998.

(3)     Fiscal 1999 includes operating results of La Salsa Fresh Mexican from
        and after July 15, 1999.

(4)     Fiscal 2000, 1999, and 1998 and the 40 weeks ended October 4, 2001 and
        October 5, 2000 includes 216, 213, 179, 197, and 214 respectively,
        dual-concept restaurants in the franchised restaurants total.

(5)     Includes only restaurants open throughout the full years being compared.

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

        The following table sets forth certain information regarding CKE's and
SBRG's earnings, dividends and book value per share on a historical basis, on a
pro forma combined basis and on an equivalent pro forma basis. The information
set forth below should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated
financial statements of CKE and SBRG, including the notes thereto, incorporated
by reference or appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
See "Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements" and "Where You Can Find
More Information." The unaudited pro forma combined data below is for
illustrative purposes only. The financial results may have been different had
the companies always been combined. You should not rely on this information to
be indicative of the historical results that would have been achieved had the
companies always been combined or the future results that CKE will experience
after the merger.

        Set forth below are net income (loss), cash dividends and book value per
common share amounts for CKE and SBRG on a historical basis, for CKE on a pro
forma combined basis, and on a pro forma combined basis per
SBRG-equivalent-common-share. The exchange ratio is one-half of one share of CKE
common stock for each share of SBRG common stock.

        The CKE pro forma combined data was derived by combining the adjusted
historical consolidated financial information of CKE and SBRG using the purchase
method of accounting for business combinations as described under Unaudited Pro
Forma Combined Financial Statements.

        The SBRG equivalent-common-share pro forma information shows the effect
of the merger from the perspective of an owner of SBRG common stock. The
information was computed by multiplying the CKE pro forma information by the
exchange ratio of 0.50.

                                                          CKE Forty Weeks Ended        CKE Year Ended
                                                           November 5, 2001 and     January 31, 2001 and
                                                          SBRG Forty Weeks Ended      SBRG Year Ended
                                                             October 4, 2001           Dec. 31, 2000
                                                          ---------------------     --------------------

CKE historical data, per common share
      Net loss--basic and diluted....................             (1.50)                   (3.84)
      Cash dividends.................................                --                     0.04
                                                                                          -------
      Book value at end of period....................              5.42                     6.92
CKE pro forma combined data, per CKE common share
      Net loss--basic and diluted....................             (1.28)                   (3.43)
      Cash dividends.................................                --                     0.04
                                                                                          -------
      Book value at end of period....................              5.98                      --
                                                                 -------
SBRG historical data, per common share
      Net income--basic..............................              0.19                    (0.08)
      Net income--diluted............................              0.18                    (0.08)
      Cash dividends.................................                --                       --
      Book value at end of period....................              3.83                     3.25
                                                                 -------
CKE pro forma combined data, per
    SBRG-equivalent-common share
      Net loss--basic and diluted....................             (0.64)                   (1.72)
      Cash dividends.................................                --                     0.02
      Book value at end of period....................              2.99                       --

                                  RISK FACTORS

        Stockholders should consider the following matters in deciding whether
to vote in favor of the merger agreement, in addition to the other information
included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

RISKS RELATED TO THE MERGER

THE ACTUAL TAX TREATMENT OF THE MERGER MAY DIFFER FROM THE TAX TREATMENT WE
EXPECT TO RECEIVE.

        The merger agreement provides that the obligations of the parties to
complete the merger are conditioned upon the receipt as of the time of the
merger by SBRG of an opinion of Christensen, Miller, Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil
& Shapiro, LLP (or other counsel acceptable to SBRG) to the effect that, on the
basis of facts, representations and reasonable assumptions set forth in the
opinion and subject to the qualifications discussed below, for United States
federal income tax purposes, the merger will be treated as a "reorganization"
within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code.

        In rendering the tax opinion with respect to the matters described above
and as to the accuracy of the discussion of certain United States federal income
tax consequences of the merger herein, counsel will rely upon, and will assume
as accurate and correct (without any independent investigation) certain
representations as to factual matters contained in certificates delivered by
SBRG, CKE and others. If such representations as to factual matters are
inaccurate, the opinion could be adversely affected. The tax opinion will
represent tax counsel's best judgment as to the tax treatment of the merger, but
will not be binding on the IRS, and the companies cannot assure you that the IRS
will not contest the conclusions expressed therein. If, contrary to the
conclusions reached in the opinion of tax counsel, the merger is not treated as
a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code,
the merger will be fully taxable to SBRG and the SBRG stockholders.

DIFFICULTIES ASSOCIATED WITH INTEGRATING CKE AND SBRG COULD AFFECT CKE'S ABILITY
TO REALIZE COST SAVINGS.

        CKE and SBRG expect the surviving corporation to realize cost savings
and other financial and operating benefits from the merger, but there can be no
assurance regarding when or the extent to which the surviving corporation will
be able to realize these benefits. The merger involves the integration of
certain operations of two companies that have previously operated independently
from each other. The companies have a number of systems, many of which are
dissimilar, which must be integrated or, in some places, replaced. Difficulties
associated with integrating CKE and SBRG would have an adverse effect on the
surviving corporation's ability to realize the expected financial and
operational benefits of the merger.

THE PRICE OF CKE'S COMMON STOCK MAY FLUCTUATE RAPIDLY AND PREVENT STOCKHOLDERS
FROM SELLING THEIR STOCK AT A PROFIT.

        The market price of CKE's common stock could fluctuate rapidly and
affect the amount of profit, if any, which stockholders may realize from the
sale of CKE common stock. Since January 1, 2001 the market price has ranged from
a low of $2.00 per share to a high of $9.48 per share. Fluctuations may occur,
among other reasons, in response to:

        -   operating results;

        -   announcements by CKE or its competitors;

        -   regulatory changes;

        -   economic changes;

        -   general market conditions; and

        -   other risk factors described in this joint proxy
            statement/prospectus.

        The trading price of CKE's common stock could continue to be subject to
wide fluctuations in response to the factors set forth above and other factors,
many of which are beyond CKE's control. The stock market in recent years has
experienced extreme price and trading volume fluctuations that often have been
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of individual
companies. You should consider the likelihood of these market fluctuations
before investing in CKE stock.

THE SALE OF A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT OF CKE COMMON STOCK AFTER THE MERGER COULD
ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF CKE COMMON STOCK.

        All of the shares of CKE common stock that SBRG stockholders receive in
the merger may be sold immediately, except for those shares received by
"affiliates" of SBRG within the meaning of Rule 145 of the Securities Act of
1933. Substantially all of the outstanding shares of CKE common stock are freely
tradable (subject to certain Rule 144 restrictions in the case of CKE
affiliates). The sale of a substantial amount of CKE common stock after the
merger could adversely affect its market price. It could also impair CKE's
ability to raise money through the sale of more stock or other forms of capital.
In addition, the sale of authorized but unissued shares of CKE common stock by
CKE after the merger could adversely affect its market price. Based on
assumptions set forth in the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements,
we expect that there will be approximately 56,953,000 shares of CKE common stock
outstanding after the merger, excluding CKE shares held as treasury stock and
CKE shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants.

SINCE THE MARKET PRICE OF CKE COMMON STOCK WILL VARY, SBRG STOCKHOLDERS CANNOT
BE SURE OF THE VALUE OF THE CKE COMMON STOCK TO BE RECEIVED IN THE MERGER.

        At the time of the SBRG special meeting, SBRG stockholders will not know
the exact value of the CKE common stock that they will receive when the merger
is completed. The market price of CKE common stock when the merger takes place
may vary from its price at the date of this document and at the date of the
special meetings and thereafter. Such variations in the market price of CKE
common stock may result from changes in the business, operations or prospects of
SBRG, CKE or the combined company, market assessments of the likelihood that the
merger will be consummated and the timing thereof, regulatory considerations,
general market and economic conditions and other factors.

        We urge you to obtain current market quotations for CKE common stock and
SBRG common stock.

RISKS RELATED TO CKE

TO SERVICE CKE'S INDEBTEDNESS, CKE WILL REQUIRE A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF CASH.
CKE'S ABILITY TO GENERATE CASH DEPENDS ON MANY FACTORS BEYOND ITS CONTROL.

        CKE has a significant amount of indebtedness. As of November 5, 2001,
CKE had a total of $454.5 million of long-term debt and capital lease
obligations, including the current portion, and its debt-to-capitalization ratio
was 0.62X. While in the past CKE has been able to generate sufficient cash to
satisfy its debt service obligations and other fixed charges, CKE's substantial
indebtedness requires it to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from
operations to payments on its indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of
CKE's cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and other general
corporate purposes and could have important consequences to holders of CKE's
common stock and other securities. For example, it could:

        -   make it more difficult for CKE to satisfy its obligations under its
            debt securities, its credit facility and other indebtedness;

        -   increase CKE's vulnerability to general adverse economic and
            industry conditions;

        -   limit CKE's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in
            its business and the industry in which it operates;

        -   place CKE at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors
            that have less debt; and

        -   limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in
            CKE's indebtedness, among other things, CKE's ability to borrow
            additional funds. Failure to comply with those covenants could

            result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could
            have a material adverse effect on CKE's business.

        CKE's ability to make payments on or to refinance its indebtedness and
to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on CKE's ability to generate
cash in the future. CKE's ability to generate cash from its operations is
subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and
other factors that are beyond CKE's control, including seasonality. In addition,
CKE cannot assure you that its business will generate sufficient cash flow from
operations, that currently anticipated cost savings and operating improvements
will be realized on schedule, that CKE will generate proceeds from the sale of
restaurants at prices and terms considered by CKE to be appropriate, or that
future borrowings will be available to CKE under the senior credit facility it
is attempting to amend and extend, in an amount sufficient to enable CKE to
service its indebtedness, fund its other liquidity needs or provide letters of
credit for its self insurance reserves. The availability of capital sources will
depend upon prevailing market conditions, interest rates and CKE's then-existing
financial position. If sufficient cash or letters of credit are not available to
CKE, CKE may have to pursue alternative methods of raising cash to repay
indebtedness or support its letters of credit, such as the sale of Carl's Jr.
and Hardee's restaurants to new and existing franchisees.

        Under CKE's senior credit facility, borrowings may be used for working
capital and other general corporate purposes, including permitted investments
and acquisitions, as defined. CKE is required to repay borrowings and
permanently reduce the commitments under the senior credit facility with the
proceeds from (i) certain asset sales, (ii) the issuance of certain equity
securities, and (iii) the issuance of additional indebtedness. The facility
contains restrictions on CKE's ability to incur additional indebtedness,
repurchase stock or subordinated debt, pay dividends and incur liens on CKE's
assets. The senior credit facility has been amended, most recently on April 13,
2001, primarily to modify certain of the financial covenants contained therein.
In addition, capital expenditure limits were reduced and construction of new
restaurants was limited to construction already begun or committed to begin and
CKE is required to comply with minimum EBITDA requirements.

        As a result of the amendments, the final maturity date of the senior
credit facility was changed to February 1, 2002, and the interest rate payable
on outstanding borrowings was increased. As of November 5, 2001, the outstanding
commitment was $120.4 million.

        In the event the revolving credit facility is declared accelerated by
the lenders (which can occur only if CKE is in default under the facility),
CKE's 9 1/8% senior subordinated notes due 2009 and its 4.25% convertible
subordinated notes due 2004 may also become accelerated under certain
circumstances and after all cure periods have expired. As a result of the
shortening of the maturity date, the total amount outstanding under the senior
credit facility of $6.8 million as of November 5, 2001 has been classified as a
current liability in the consolidated balance sheet.

        CKE is actively pursuing an amendment to the existing credit facility
providing for a longer term by fiscal year end. However, there can be no
assurance that this refinancing or any other will be completed. If CKE does not
obtain an amended credit facility, or a new credit facility, then CKE, in order
to meet it's outstanding obligations, will be required to (1) generate
sufficient cash flow from operations; (2) further reduce general administrative
and/or other expenses; (3) limit its capital expenditures; and/or (4) sell
assets, possibly at a significant loss

CKE WILL CONTINUE TO FACE CHALLENGES IN ITS ATTEMPT TO IMPROVE ITS HARDEE'S
OPERATIONS.

        In late fiscal 2000 CKE embarked on a refranchising initiative to reduce
outstanding borrowings on its senior credit facility, as well as increase the
number of franchise-operated stores. Additionally, as sales trends for the
Hardee's restaurants and certain Carl's Jr. restaurants (primarily in the
Oklahoma area) continued to decline in fiscal 2000 through fiscal 2001, CKE
determined that it was necessary to close restaurants for which a return to
profitability was not likely. As such, through November 5, 2001, CKE identified
40 Carl's Jr. and 296 Hardee's restaurants for closure. These actions or
repositioning activities resulted in the charges generally reflected in CKE's
consolidated financial statements as facility action charges.

        CKE's management believes it has substantially completed its
repositioning activities and is now able to focus on the operations of its core
brands, Carl's Jr. and Hardee's. CKE is finalizing the closure of the
under-

 performing restaurants identified previously. However, there can be no
guarantee that CKE management will not determine in the future that additional
repositioning activities will be necessary or that it would not take advantage
of opportunities to further improve its financial position through additional
sales which could result in losses, which may be material. Revitalizing Hardee's
continues to be a primary focus for CKE's management team. Even though Hardee's
has experienced a same-store-sales increase for the first time in many years,
Hardee's is still an under-performing brand. Through mid-fiscal 2001, CKE's
management tried various strategies to turn around Hardee's that met with
limited success, if any. Then, in June 2001, while continuing to identify and
close unprofitable restaurants as well as execute the refranchising program, CKE
management took a more basic approach to addressing the issues in the Hardee's
restaurants and launched a program focusing on quality, service, and
cleanliness. This program focuses on the fundamentals: hiring good people,
focusing them on the guests, serving hot quality food to the guests, and keeping
the restaurants clean for the guests. Hardee's stores now have salaried managers
running the stores, which adds an extra manager to hire, train and manage the
workforce. The span of control for District Managers has been reduced from 10
restaurants to eight so that they can focus better on hiring, training and
executing. Incentive plans have been revised to reward operators for building
sales, providing great service to the guests and reducing accidents.
Additionally, CKE management realized that it had to acknowledge and respect
regional differences. Product promotions and advertising were modified to
reflect a regional scope. CKE's success will depend on the successful execution
of its operational plans as well as the following items that are discussed in
detail in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, for the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2001:

        -   implementation of its strategies by its franchisees,

        -   opening additional company-operated and franchised restaurants,

        -   remodeling its restaurants,

        -   its ability to compete with major competitors, many of which have
            substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than
            CKE has, which may give competitive advantages,

        -   changes in consumer tastes,

        -   adverse weather conditions,

        -   changes in national, regional and local economic conditions, and

        -   management's ability to anticipate, identify and respond to changing
            conditions.

        CKE cannot assure you that these strategies will be successful. If CKE
is unable to achieve further sales improvements and improvements in
restaurant-level operating margins in it's Hardee's restaurants on a timely
basis, cash flows generated from Hardee's operations may not be adequate to
support CKE's growth plans which, in turn, would affect its ability to access
financing in the future, both in terms of the amount of financing available and
the terms of such financing. CKE's success will also depend, in part, on CKE's
Hardee's franchisees. Hardee's franchisees are not required to participate in
implementing all of CKE's strategies and CKE cannot assure you that all Hardee's
franchisees will participate. If Hardee's franchisees do not implement CKE's
strategies CKE may not achieve its goals in the desired timeframe or at all.
Failure to implement CKE's strategies effectively could have a material adverse
effect on its financial condition and results of operations.

CKE'S ABILITY TO EXPAND ITS RESTAURANT CHAINS DEPENDS ON FACTORS BEYOND CKE'S
CONTROL.

        CKE's growth strategy includes, among other things, opening additional
company-operated and franchised restaurants, remodeling its restaurants and
dual-branding its restaurant concepts. The success of CKE's growth strategy will
depend on numerous factors, many of which are beyond CKE's control and the
control of CKE's franchisees, including:

        -   the hiring, training and retention of qualified management and other
            restaurant personnel;

        -   the ability to obtain necessary governmental permits and approvals;

        -   competition for desirable site locations;

        -   the availability of appropriate financing; and

        -   general economic conditions.

        To manage CKE's planned expansion, CKE must ensure the continuing
adequacy of its existing systems and procedures, including CKE's supply and
distribution arrangements, restaurant management, financial controls and
information systems.

        In recent years, CKE has realized improvements in the same-store sales
growth in CKE's company-operated Carl's Jr. restaurants. Although CKE's Carl's
Jr. company-operated restaurants experienced an increase in same-store sales in
the last two quarters of fiscal 2002, there can be no assurance such sales
trends will continue.

CKE'S SUCCESS DEPENDS ON CKE'S ABILITY TO COMPETE WITH ITS MAJOR COMPETITORS.

        The foodservice industry is intensely competitive with respect to the
quality and value of food products offered, concept, service, price, dining
experience and location. CKE competes with major restaurant chains, some of
which dominate the quick-service restaurant industry. CKE's competitors also
include a variety of mid-price, full-service casual-dining restaurants, health
and nutrition-oriented restaurants, delicatessens and prepared food stores, as
well as supermarkets and convenience stores. Many of CKE's competitors have
substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than CKE has,
which may give them competitive advantages. CKE's competitors could also make
changes to pricing or other marketing strategies which may impact CKE. As CKE's
competitors expand operations, CKE expects competition to intensify. Such
increased competition could have a material adverse effect on CKE's financial
condition and results of operations.

CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND PERCEPTIONS, SEASONALITY AND GENERAL ECONOMIC
CONDITIONS MAY HAVE SIGNIFICANT EFFECTS ON CKE'S BUSINESS.

        Foodservice businesses are often affected by changes in consumer tastes,
national, regional and local economic conditions and demographic trends. The
performance of individual restaurants may be adversely affected by traffic
patterns, demographics and the type, number and locations of competing
restaurants. Restaurant performance may also be affected by adverse weather
conditions, particularly in CKE's Hardee's restaurants, because a significant
number of them are located in areas which experience severe winter conditions.
Multi-unit foodservice businesses such as CKE's can also be materially and
adversely affected by publicity resulting from poor food quality, illness,
injury or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one or a
limited number of restaurants. CKE can be similarly affected by consumer
concerns with respect to the nutritional value of quick-service food. In
addition, CKE's dependence on frequent deliveries of food and paper products
subjects CKE's restaurants to the risk that shortages or interruptions in
supply, caused by adverse weather or other conditions, could adversely affect
the availability, quality and cost of ingredients. Unfavorable trends or
developments concerning factors such as inflation, increased food, labor and
employee benefit costs (including increases in hourly wage and unemployment tax
rates), increases in the number and locations of competing quick-service
restaurants, regional weather conditions and the availability of experienced
management and hourly employees may also adversely affect CKE's financial
condition and results of operations. Changes in economic conditions affecting
CKE's customers could reduce traffic in some or all of CKE's restaurants or
impose practical limits on pricing, either of which could have a material
adverse effect on CKE's financial condition and results of operations. CKE's
continued success will depend in part on its management's ability to anticipate,
identify and respond to changing conditions.

CKE FACES RISKS RELATED TO INTEREST RATES.

        Substantially all of CKE's business is transacted in U.S. dollars.
Accordingly, foreign exchange rate fluctuations have never had a significant
impact on CKE and are not expected to in the foreseeable future. CKE's principal
exposure to financial market risks is the impact that interest rate changes
could have on CKE's $120.4 million senior credit facility, of which $6.8 million
remained outstanding as of November 5, 2001. Borrowings under CKE's senior
credit facility now bear interest at the prime rate plus an applicable margin. A
hypothetical increase of 100 basis points in short-term interest rates would
result in a reduction of approximately $68,000 in annual pre-tax earnings.

CKE FACES CERTAIN COMMODITY PRICE RISKS.

        CKE purchases certain products which are affected by commodity prices
and are, therefore, subject to price volatility caused by weather, market
conditions and other factors which are not predictable or within CKE's control.
In many cases, CKE believes it will be able to address commodity cost increases,
which are significant and appear to be long-term in nature by adjusting CKE's
menu pricing or changing its product delivery strategy. However, increases in
commodity prices could result in lower restaurant-level operating margins for
CKE's restaurant concepts. In addition, a majority of CKE's Carl's Jr.
restaurants have a contract with Enron Corp. to purchase electricity at a fixed
cost through 2003. Enron filed for bankruptcy in December, 2001. While CKE has
not yet been notified by Enron that the contract will be rejected, CKE does
believe its energy costs will rise, possibly by as much as $3.0 million per
year.

CKE MUST DEVOTE SIGNIFICANT RESOURCES TO COMPLY WITH EXTENSIVE LEGAL
REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO ITS FRANCHISE AND OTHER BUSINESS OPERATIONS.

        CKE is subject to federal regulation and certain state laws which govern
the offer and sale of franchises. Many state franchise laws impose substantive
requirements on franchise agreements, including limitations on non-competition
provisions and on provisions concerning the termination or non-renewal of a
franchise. Some states require that certain materials be registered before
franchises can be offered or sold in that state. The failure to obtain or retain
licenses or approvals to sell franchises could adversely affect CKE or its
franchisees. The restaurant industry is also subject to extensive federal, state
and local governmental regulations, including those relating to the preparation
and sale of food and those relating to building and zoning requirements. CKE and
its franchisees are also subject to laws governing relationships with employees,
including minimum wage requirements, overtime, working and safety conditions and
citizenship requirements. Many of CKE's employees are paid hourly rates based
upon the federal and state minimum wage laws. Recent legislation increasing the
minimum wage has resulted in higher labor costs to CKE and its franchisees. CKE
anticipates that increases in the minimum wage may be offset through pricing and
other cost-control efforts; however, CKE cannot assure you that CKE or its
franchisees will be able to pass such additional costs on to customers in whole
or in part.

DISRUPTION IN DELIVERIES MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT CKE'S RESTAURANTS.

        CKE's profitability is dependent on, among other things, CKE's
continuing ability to offer fresh, high quality food at moderate prices. While
CKE continues to operate its own distribution business for most of its Carl's
Jr. system, CKE relies upon independent distributors for CKE's Hardee's
restaurants. In particular, CKE's Hardee's restaurants depend on the
distribution services of two distributors, MBM, an independent supplier and
distributor of food and other products, and FFM, which was recently acquired by
MBM. MBM and FFM are responsible for delivering food, paper and other products
from CKE's vendors to CKE's Hardee's restaurants on a regular basis. MBM and FFM
also provide distribution services to a large number of CKE's Hardee's
franchisees. Any disruption in these distribution services could have a material
adverse effect on CKE's business.

        Given the recent events regarding certain afflictions affecting
livestock in various parts of the world, it is possible that the production and
supply of beef could be negatively impacted during the next several years. A
reduction in the supply of beef could have a material effect on the price at
which it could be obtained. Failure to procure beef at reasonable terms and
prices could have a material impact to CKE's financial condition and results of
operations.

COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT CKE'S FINANCIAL HEALTH.

        CKE is subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws.
These laws govern discharges to air and water, as well as handling and disposal
practices for solid and hazardous wastes. These laws may also impose liability
for damages from and the costs of cleaning up sites of spills, disposals or
other releases of hazardous materials. CKE may be responsible for environmental
conditions relating to its restaurants and the land on which CKE's restaurants
are located, regardless of whether CKE leases or owns the restaurant or land in
question and regardless of whether such environmental conditions were created by
CKE or by a prior owner or tenant. Although CKE cannot assure you that all such
environmental conditions have been identified, these conditions include the

presence of asbestos containing materials, leaks from chemical storage tanks and
on-site spills. CKE is not aware of any environmental conditions that would have
a material adverse effect on CKE's businesses, assets or results of operations
taken as a whole. Although environmental site assessments prepared for certain
properties recommend limited further investigations or minor repairs, based on
the information currently available to CKE, CKE does not believe any of these
environmental issues would have a material adverse effect on these properties.
Nevertheless, CKE cannot assure you that environmental conditions relating to
prior, existing or future restaurants or restaurant sites will not have a
material adverse effect on CKE. Moreover, CKE cannot assure you that: (1) future
laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose any material environmental
liability; or (2) the current environmental condition of the properties will not
be adversely affected by tenants or other third parties or by the condition of
land or operations in the vicinity of the properties (such as underground
storage tanks).

                UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        The following unaudited combined financial statements are based on the
historical consolidated balance sheets and statements of operations of CKE and
SBRG.

        CKE is providing the following information to aid you in your analysis
of the financial aspects of the merger. The unaudited pro forma combined
financial information is for illustrative purposes only. The combined financial
results may have been different had the companies always been combined. Further,
the unaudited pro forma financial statements do not reflect the effect of asset
dispositions, if any or synergies that may result from the merger. You should
not rely on the pro forma combined financial information as being indicative of
the historical result that would have been achieved had the companies been
combined or the future results that CKE would experience. The consolidated
operating statement information for the years ended January 31, 2001 and
December 31, 2000 were derived from the audited consolidated financial
statements of CKE and SBRG for the years ended January 31, 2001 and December 31,
2000, respectively. The consolidated operating statement and consolidated
balance sheet information for CKE and SBRG for the 40 week periods ended
November 5, 2001 and October 4, 2001, respectively, were derived from the
unaudited financial information of the companies. The unaudited pro forma
adjustments are based upon currently available information and upon certain
assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The
information should be read together with CKE's and SBRG's historical financial
statements and related notes contained in the annual reports and other
information that the companies have filed with the SEC and are incorporated by
reference or included elsewhere herein. See "Where You Can Find More
Information".

        The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations assume that
the merger was effected on February 1, 2000. The unaudited pro forma combined
balance sheet gives effect to the merger as if it occurred on November 5, 2001.
The accounting policies of CKE and SBRG are substantially comparable. Certain
reclassifications to SBRG's statements of operations have been made to conform
to CKE's presentation. The merger will be accounted for using the purchase
method of accounting. Accordingly, CKE's cost to acquire SBRG will be allocated
to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed according to their estimated fair
values as of the date of acquisition after giving effect to the purchase price
adjustments required by the merger agreement. The allocation is dependent upon
certain valuations and other studies that have not progressed to a stage where
there is sufficient information to make a definitive allocation. Accordingly,
the purchase allocation adjustments made in conjunction with the preparation of
the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements are preliminary,
and have been made solely for the purpose of preparing such unaudited pro forma
combined financial data; however, no material effect on the statement of
operations is anticipated.

                              CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.
                   Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet
                             as of November 5, 2001
                             (Dollars in thousands)

                                                   Historical
                                       ----------------------------------
                                       CKE, Inc.     SBRG                     Pro Forma         Pro Forma
                                        11/5/01     10/4/01     Combined     Adjustments        Combined
                                        -------     -------     ---------    -----------        ---------

Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents              14,179       1,578        15,757                          15,757
  Accounts receivable, net               39,445         848        40,293         (46)(C)          40,247
  Related party receivables               2,840          30         2,870                           2,870
  Inventories                            17,924         687        18,611                          18,611
  Prepaid expenses                        6,782       1,076         7,858                           7,858
  Other current assets                    2,288       2,327         4,615        (626)(G)           3,989
                                        -------     -------     ---------      ------           ---------
    Total current assets                 83,458       6,546        90,004        (672)             89,332

Property and equipment, net             551,529      32,343       583,872                         583,872
Property under capital leases, net       66,835       1,343        68,178                          68,178
Long-term investments                     3,442                     3,442                           3,442
Notes receivable                         14,707       2,143        16,850                          16,850
Related party receivables                    --          70            70                              70
Goodwill and intangible assets
  with indefinite useful lives          190,658      14,092       204,750      26,221 (A)(B)(H)   230,971
Other assets                             38,035      10,506        48,541      (8,461)(G)          40,080
                                        -------     -------     ---------      ------           ---------
        Total assets                    948,664      67,043     1,015,707      17,088           1,032,795
                                        =======     =======     =========      ======           =========

Current Liabilities:
  Current portion of long-term debt       7,055       1,200         8,255                           8,255
  Current portion of capital
    lease obligations                    10,284         372        10,656                          10,656
  Accounts payable                       40,985       6,229        47,214                          47,214
  Other current liabilities              91,262       3,817        95,079         (46)(C)          95,033
                                        -------     -------     ---------      ------           ---------
    Total current liabilities           149,586      11,618       161,204         (46)            161,158

Long-term debt                            4,882       3,623         8,505                           8,505
Senior subordinated notes               200,000          --       200,000                         200,000
Convertible subordinated notes          159,225          --       159,225                         159,225
Capital lease obligations                73,073         786        73,859                          73,859
Other long-term liabilities              87,878       1,601        89,479                          89,479
                                        -------     -------     ---------      ------           ---------
        Total liabilities               674,644      17,628       692,272         (46)            692,226
Stockholders' equity                    274,020      49,415       323,435      17,134 (A)(B)      340,569
                                        -------     -------     ---------      ------           ---------
        Total liabilities &
          stockholders' equity          948,664      67,043     1,015,707      17,088           1,032,795
                                        =======     =======     =========      ======           =========

                              CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.
              Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations
                   For the Forty Weeks Ended November 5, 2001
                 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts)

                                          Historical
                               ---------------------------------
                                     CKE              SBRG           CKE &
                                     For Forty Weeks Ended            SBRG          Pro Forma          Pro Forma
                               November 5, 2001  October 4, 2001    Combined       Adjustments         Combined
                               ----------------  ---------------   -----------     -----------        -----------

Total Revenue                    $ 1,137,788        $  67,846      $ 1,205,634      $    (337)(D)     $ 1,205,297
Operating costs and expenses
  Restaurant operations
    Food & packaging                 284,392           20,902          305,294                            305,294
    Labor                            303,545           19,910          323,455                            323,455
    Occupancy & other                212,226           16,431          228,657           (337)(D)         228,320
                                 -----------        ---------      -----------      ---------         -----------
                                     800,163           57,243          857,406           (660)            857,069

    Franchised and licensed
      restaurants                    158,028               --          158,028                            158,028
    Advertising expenses              59,022            2,381           61,403                             61,403
    General & administrative
      expense                         86,770            5,421           92,191           (323)(A)          91,868
    Facility action charges           60,827               --           60,827                             60,827
                                 -----------        ---------      -----------      ---------         -----------
      Total operating costs        1,164,810           65,045        1,229,855           (660)          1,229,195
Operating income (loss)              (27,022)           2,801          (24,221)           323             (23,898)
Interest expense                     (46,783)            (552)         (47,335)                           (47,335)
Other income, net                        362              902            1,264                              1,264
                                 -----------        ---------      -----------      ---------         -----------
Income (loss) before
  income taxes                       (73,443)           3,151          (70,292)           323             (69,969)
Income tax expense                     2,204              515            2,719                              2,719
                                 -----------        ---------      -----------      ---------         -----------
Net Income (loss)                $   (75,647)       $   2,636      $   (73,011)     $     323         $   (72,688)
                                 ===========        =========      ===========      =========         ===========
Net Income (loss) per
  basic and diluted share        $     (1.50)       $    0.18(F)   $       N/A            N/A         $     (1.28)
                                 ===========        =========      ===========      =========         ===========

Basic and diluted shares
  used in computing per
  share amounts (000's)               50,505           14,585(F)           N/A            N/A           56,953(A)(E)
                                 ===========        =========      ===========      =========         ========

                              CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.
              Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations
                   For the Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2001
                 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts)

                                         Historical
                               ------------------------------------
                                    CKE                 SBRG            CKE &
                                       For the Year Ended                SBRG          Pro Forma            Pro Forma
                               January 31, 2001   December 31, 2001    Combined        Adjustments          Combined
                               ----------------   -----------------   -----------      -----------         -----------

Total Revenue                    $ 1,784,582         $   124,033      $ 1,908,615      $      (711)(D)     $ 1,907,904
Operating costs and expenses
  Restaurant operations
    Food & packaging                 484,440              38,733          523,173                              523,173
    Labor                            514,535              39,408          553,943                              553,943
    Occupancy & other                367,235              28,629          395,864      $      (711)(D)         395,153
                                 -----------         -----------      -----------      -----------         -----------
                                   1,366,210             106,770        1,472,980             (711)          1,472,269
                                 -----------         -----------      -----------      -----------         -----------

    Franchised and licensed
      restaurants                    161,171                  --          161,171                              161,171
    Advertising expenses             100,199               3,792          103,991                              103,991
    General & administrative
      expense                        145,376              11,126          156,502             (420)(A)         156,082
    Facility action charges          144,641               2,992          147,633                              147,633
                                 -----------         -----------      -----------      -----------         -----------
      Total operating costs        1,917,597             124,680        2,042,277           (1,131)          2,041,146
                                 -----------         -----------      -----------      -----------         -----------
Operating loss                      (133,015)               (647)        (133,662)             420            (133,242)
Interest expense                     (69,762)               (922)         (70,684)                             (70,684)
Other income (expense), net           (2,487)                551           (1,936)                              (1,936)
                                 -----------         -----------      -----------      -----------         -----------
Loss before income taxes            (205,264)             (1,018)        (206,282)             420            (205,862)
Income tax expense (benefit)         (11,148)                400          (10,748)                             (10,748)
                                 -----------         -----------      -----------      -----------         -----------
Net loss                         $  (194,116)        $    (1,418)     $  (195,534)     $       420         $  (195,114)
                                 ===========         ===========      ===========      ===========         ===========
Net loss per basic and
  diluted share                  $     (3.84)        $     (0.08)             N/A              N/A         $     (3.43)
                                 ===========         ===========      ===========      ===========         ===========
Basic and diluted shares
  used in computing per
  share amounts (000's)               50,501              17,765              N/A              N/A              56,949(A)(E)
                                 ===========         ===========      ===========      ===========         ===========

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(Dollars and shares in thousands, except stock price)

A   The following is a preliminary estimate of the purchase price for SBRG:

    Number of shares of CKE common stock expected to be issued in the exchange:

            Number of shares of SBRG common
              stock outstanding                   12,896
            Exchange ratio                           0.5
                                                  ------
                                                              6,448

    Multiplied by CKE's average stock price for
        the five days before and after the
        November 19, 2001 announcement of the
        merger                                              $  7.89
                                                            -------
                                                            $50,875

    Estimated fair value of SBRG stock options
        and warrants expected to be exchanged
        for CKE stock options and warrants                   14,674
    Estimated transaction costs                               1,000
                                                            -------
    Estimated purchase price                                $66,549
                                                            =======

    For the purposes of this pro forma analysis, the above estimated purchase
    price has been allocated based on a preliminary estimate of the fair value
    of assets and liabilities to be acquired and was based on SBRG's
    consolidated balance sheet at October 4, 2001.

    Based on the issuance of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142
    "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" ("SFAS 142"), the goodwill associated
    with the merger is not amortized. Further, amortization expense of $420 and
    $323 for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the 40 weeks ended October 4,
    2001, respectively, relating to goodwill recorded by SBRG on previous
    acquisitions has been eliminated. CKE's historical consolidated statements
    of operations include $6,400 and $4,452 of goodwill amortization expense for
    the year ended January 31, 2001 and the 40 weeks ended November 5, 2001,
    respectively. CKE's historical goodwill amortization was not eliminated.
    However, under the adoption requirements of SFAS 142, beginning in the first
    quarter of fiscal 2003, CKE will no longer amortize goodwill or other
    intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.

B   To eliminate the historical stockholders' equity of SBRG of $49,415.

C   To eliminate $46 of receivable/payables from CKE to SBRG for the Green
    Burrito franchise royalties.

D   To eliminate $711 and $337 of royalties from CKE to SBRG relating to the
    Green Burrito franchise for the year ended January 31, 2001 and the 40 weeks
    ended November 5, 2001, respectively.

E   Shares relating to the possible exercise of outstanding stock options and
    warrants and issuable upon conversion of convertible subordinated notes have
    not been included as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.

F   For the 40 weeks ended October 4, 2001 SBRG's net income per basic share and
    the number of shares used in computing basic income per share was $0.19 and
    14,009, respectively.

G   To reserve for acquired deferred tax assets, consistent with CKE's
    treatment of deferred tax assets.

H   To record new goodwill resulting from the merger of 40,313, and eliminate
    SBRG's historical goodwill of $14,092.

                      MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

        CKE's common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol "CKR." SBRG's
common stock is listed on NASDAQ SmallCap under the symbol "SBRG." As of
December 17, 2001, there were approximately 1,886 holders of record of CKE
common stock and approximately 279 holders of record of SBRG common stock. The
table below sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low
sales prices per share of CKE common stock and SBRG common stock, as reported on
the NYSE Composite Tape and NASDAQ SmallCap Market, as applicable. In September
2000, in compliance with CKE's senior credit facility, CKE's Board of Directors
adopted a policy of not paying dividends to its stockholders. Prior to September
2000, CKE had historically followed a policy of paying semiannual cash
dividends. SBRG has not paid dividends on its common stock since its
incorporation.

                                             CKE                               SBRG
                                        Common Stock                       Common Stock
                                 -----------------------------      ---------------------------
                                  HIGH     LOW       DIVIDENDS      HIGH      LOW     DIVIDENDS
                                 ------   ------     ---------      -----    -----    ---------

2000/1999, respectively
  First Quarter.............     $25.56   $13.00          --        $5.16    $2.25       --
  Second Quarter............      18.94    12.50       $0.04         3.25     2.34       --
  Third Quarter.............      13.75     6.50          --         2.50     1.81       --
  Fourth Quarter............       8.19     5.69        0.04         2.06     1.25       --
2001/2000, respectively:
  First Quarter.............      $7.00    $3.25          --        $1.63    $1          --
  Second Quarter............       3.63     2.63        0.04         1.13     0.84       --
  Third Quarter.............       4.56     2.06          --         1.03     0.78       --
  Fourth Quarter............       3.44     2.00          --         1.50     0.88       --
2002/2001, respectively:
  First Quarter.............      $3.99    $2.00          --        $2.34    $1.19       --
  Second Quarter............       5.60     2.25          --         2.23     1.60       --
  Third Quarter.............       8.15     4.70          --         3.50     1.99       --
  Fourth Quarter (through
  December 17, 2001)........       9.48     6.53          --         4.10     1.81       --

        Following the merger, the holders of CKE common stock will be entitled
to receive such dividends as may be declared by CKE's Board of Directors. CKE's
senior credit facility restricts cash dividends payable by CKE to a fraction of
CKE's net income. Therefore, CKE has not paid dividends since May 2000. CKE does
not anticipate that it will commence paying cash dividends following the merger.

                            THE CKE SPECIAL MEETING

        This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being mailed to the holders of
CKE common stock for use at the CKE special meeting to be held on _____________,
________________ ________, 2002 at a.m., local time, at ___________, located at
_______________________________, and at any adjournments or postponements
thereof.

        At the CKE special meeting, CKE stockholders will be asked to consider
and vote upon proposals to approve and adopt the merger and the merger agreement
between SBRG and CKE and the issuance of shares of CKE common stock in the
merger.

HOW TO VOTE

        Your vote is important. Stockholders of record can vote by telephone, on
the Internet or by mail as described below. If you are a beneficial owner,
please refer to your proxy card or the information forwarded by your bank,
broker or other holder of record to see which options are available to you.

        PROXIES. If you are a CKE stockholder, you may use the accompanying
proxy if you are unable to attend the CKE special meeting in person or wish to
have your shares voted by proxy even if you do attend the CKE special meeting.
All shares of CKE common stock represented by valid proxies received pursuant to
this solicitation, and not revoked before they are exercised, will be voted in
the manner specified therein. Proxies that do not contain voting instructions
will be voted in favor of approval and adoption of the merger and the issuance
of CKE common stock in the merger. If you do not return your proxy card or
otherwise vote your shares, or if you do not instruct your broker how to vote
any shares held for you in "street name," the effect will be the same as a vote
against these proposals.

        VOTE BY TELEPHONE. You can vote by calling the toll-free telephone
number noted on your proxy card. Telephone voting is available 24 hours a day
and will be accessible until 4:00 p.m. (EDT) on _____ ___, 2002. Easy-to-follow
voice prompts allow you to vote your shares and confirm that your instructions
have been properly recorded. Our telephone voting procedures are designed to
authenticate stockholders by using individual control numbers. IF YOU VOTE BY
TELEPHONE YOU DO NOT NEED TO RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD.

        VOTE ON THE INTERNET. You also can choose to vote on the Internet. The
web site for Internet voting is on your proxy card. Internet voting is available
24 hours a day and will be accessible until 4:00 p.m. (EDT) on _______ ___,
2002. As with telephone voting, you can confirm that your instructions have been
properly recorded. Our Internet voting procedures are designed to authenticate
stockholders by using individual control numbers. If you vote on the Internet,
you also can request electronic delivery of future proxy materials. IF YOU VOTE
ON THE INTERNET, YOU DO NOT NEED TO RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD.

        VOTE BY MAIL. In order to be effective, completed proxy cards must be
received by 8:30 a.m. (EDT) on ___________, _______, 2002. If you choose to vote
by mail, simply mark your proxy, date and sign it, and return it to the
following address: CKE Restaurants, Inc., c/o Mellon Investor Services, Midtown
Station, PO Box 826, New York, NY 10138-0727.

        VOTING AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. The method you use to vote will not limit
your right to vote at the special meeting if you decide to attend in person. If
your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other holder of record,
you must obtain a proxy, executed in your favor, from the holder of record to be
able to vote at the special meeting. All shares that have been properly voted
and not revoked will be voted at the special meeting. If you sign and return
your proxy card but do not give voting instructions, the shares represented by
that proxy will be voted as recommended by the Board of Directors of CKE.

        VOTING ON OTHER MATTERS. If other matters are properly presented at the
special meeting for consideration, the persons named on the proxy card will have
the discretion to vote on those matters for you.

REVOCATION OF PROXIES

        Proxies may be revoked at any time before they are voted by:

        -   written notice addressed to CKE Restaurants, Inc., 3916 State
            Street, Suite 300, Santa Barbara, California 93105, Attention:
            Dennis J. Lacey, Chief Financial Officer;

        -   timely delivery of a valid, later-dated proxy; or

        -   voting by ballot at the special meeting.

        However, attendance at the special meeting will not, in itself,
constitute revocation of a previously granted proxy.

RECORD DATE; VOTE REQUIRED

        Only holders of record of shares of CKE common stock at the close of
business on __________ ___, 2002 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the
CKE special meeting, with each share entitled to one vote. CKE stockholders have
no dissenters' or appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

        Approval and adoption of the merger agreement requires the favorable
vote of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of CKE common stock
voting in person or by proxy at the CKE special meeting.

        On November 30, 2001, directors and executive officers of CKE and their
affiliates held and were entitled to vote 4,137,596 shares of CKE common stock,
or approximately 7.94% of the shares of CKE common stock outstanding on November
30, 2001.

        Under NYSE rules, brokers and nominees are precluded from exercising
their voting discretion on the proposal to approve and adopt the merger and the
merger agreement and, for this reason, absent specific instructions from the
beneficial owner of shares, they are not permitted to vote such shares. Because
the favorable vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of CKE common
stock voting in person or by proxy at the CKE special meeting is required for
approval of each proposal, an abstention or a broker non-vote with respect to
either proposal will have the effect of a vote against that proposal.
ACCORDINGLY, THE CKE BOARD OF DIRECTORS URGES THE CKE STOCKHOLDERS TO COMPLETE,
DATE AND SIGN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY AND RETURN IT PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED,
POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE, OR OTHERWISE VOTE VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE AS
DESCRIBED ABOVE.

QUORUM

        Holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of CKE common stock
entitled to vote must be present, either in person or by proxy, at the CKE
special meeting to constitute a quorum. In general, abstentions and broker
non-votes will be counted as present or represented for the purposes of
determining a quorum for the CKE special meeting.

EXPENSES OF SOLICITATION

        The expenses of the solicitation of proxies with respect to the CKE
special meeting will be borne by CKE. In addition to solicitation by mail,
arrangements will be made with brokers and other custodians, nominees and
fiduciaries to send proxy materials to their principals and CKE will, upon
request, reimburse them for reasonable expenses of so doing. Solicitation of
proxies from some CKE stockholders may be made by CKE's officers, directors,
consultants and employees by telephone, facsimile, or in person after the
initial solicitation. In addition, _______________ has been retained to assist
CKE in the solicitation of proxies. ______________ may contact CKE stockholders
by mail, telephone, facsimile, telegraph and personal interviews and may request
brokers, dealers and other nominee stockholders to forward materials to the
beneficial owners of shares of CKE common stock. _______________ will receive
reasonable and customary compensation for its services (estimated at $________),
will be reimbursed for certain reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and will be
indemnified against certain liabilities and expenses in connection therewith,
including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE CKE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

        THE CKE BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT
AND THE MERGER, DECLARED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE
AND DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, CKE AND
THE CKE STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE CKE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY
RECOMMENDS THAT THE CKE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL AND ADOPTION OF THE
MERGER AND THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF CKE COMMON STOCK
IN THE MERGER. See "The Merger -- CKE Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of
the CKE Board of Directors."

MISCELLANEOUS

        It is not expected that any other matters will be brought before the CKE
special meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the CKE
special meeting, including a motion to adjourn or postpone the CKE special
meeting to another time and/or place for the purpose of, among other things,
permitting dissemination of information regarding material developments relating
to the merger agreement and the merger, or soliciting

additional proxies in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the
merger, the persons named on the accompanying proxy card will vote the shares
represented by the proxy upon such matters in their discretion. However, if CKE
proposes to adjourn or postpone its special meeting for the purpose of
soliciting additional votes in favor of the merger agreement, the merger and the
issuance of shares of CKE common stock in the merger, and seeks a vote of CKE
stockholders on such proposal, proxies that have been voted against the merger
agreement and merger (or on which a CKE stockholder has elected to abstain) will
not be voted in favor of any adjournment or postponement for the purpose of
soliciting additional proxies. Any other proxy will be deemed to have voted
"FOR" any such adjournment or postponement proposal. Should the CKE special
meeting be reconvened, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as such
proxies would have been voted when the CKE special meeting was originally
convened, except for proxies effectively revoked or withdrawn prior to the time
proxies are voted at the reconvened CKE special meeting.

        CKE STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND IN ANY STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THEIR
PROXY CARDS. CKE STOCKHOLDERS WILL NOT EXCHANGE THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES IN
CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER.

                            THE SBRG SPECIAL MEETING

        This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being mailed to the holders of
SBRG common stock for use at the SBRG special meeting to be held on __________,
__________ _____, 2002 at ______ a.m., local time, at _____________________,
located at ________________________, and at any adjournments or postponements
thereof.

        At the SBRG special meeting, SBRG stockholders will be asked to consider
and vote upon a proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
merger.

PROXIES

        If you are a SBRG stockholder, you may use the accompanying proxy if you
are unable to attend the SBRG special meeting in person or wish to have your
shares voted by proxy even if you do attend the SBRG special meeting. All shares
of SBRG common stock represented by valid proxies received pursuant to this
solicitation, and not revoked before they are exercised, will be voted in the
manner specified therein. Proxies that do not contain voting instructions will
be voted in favor of the merger and the merger agreement. If you do not return
your proxy card or otherwise vote your shares, or if you do not instruct your
broker how to vote any shares held for you in "street name," the effect will be
the same as a vote against the merger.

REVOCATION OF PROXIES

        A SBRG stockholder who signs and mails the enclosed proxy may revoke it
at any time before it is voted by giving written notice of revocation to SBRG,
by mailing a later dated proxy which is received by SBRG prior to the SBRG
special meeting, or by voting in person at the SBRG special meeting. All written
notices of revocation and other communications with respect to revocation of
SBRG proxies should be addressed to Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc., 3938
State Street, Suite 200, Santa Barbara, California 93105, Attention: Corporate
Secretary.

RECORD DATE; VOTE REQUIRED

        Only holders of record of shares of SBRG common stock at the close of
business on ________ ___, 2002 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the SBRG
special meeting, with each share entitled to one vote.

        Approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger requires
the favorable vote of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of SBRG
common stock outstanding as of the record date.

        On November 30, 2001, directors and executive officers of SBRG and their
affiliates held and were entitled to vote 7,127,080 shares of SBRG common stock,
or approximately 55.5% of the shares of SBRG common stock outstanding on
November 30, 2001.

        Brokers and nominees are precluded from exercising their voting
discretion on the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the
merger and, for this reason, absent specific instructions from the beneficial

owner of shares of SBRG common stock, they are not permitted to vote such
shares. Because the favorable vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
shares of SBRG common stock outstanding as of the record date is required for
approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger, an abstention or a
broker non-vote with respect to the proposal to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and the merger will have the effect of a vote against the merger
agreement and the merger. ACCORDINGLY, THE SBRG BOARD OF DIRECTORS URGES THE
SBRG STOCKHOLDERS TO COMPLETE, DATE AND SIGN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY AND RETURN
IT PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED, POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE.

QUORUM

        Holders of a majority of the shares of SBRG common stock entitled to
vote must be present, either in person or by proxy, at the SBRG special meeting
to constitute a quorum. In general, broker non-votes and abstentions are counted
as present or represented for the purposes of determining a quorum for the SBRG
special meeting.

EXPENSES OF SOLICITATION

        The expenses of the solicitation of proxies with respect to the SBRG
special meeting will be borne by SBRG. In addition to solicitation by mail,
arrangements will be made with brokers and other custodians, nominees and
fiduciaries to send proxy materials to their principals and SBRG will, upon
request, reimburse them for reasonable expenses of so doing. Solicitation of
proxies from some SBRG stockholders may be made by SBRG's officers and regular
employees by telephone, facsimile, or in person after the initial solicitation.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE SBRG BOARD OF DIRECTORS

        THE SBRG BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER, DECLARED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE
ADVISABLE AND DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS
OF, SBRG AND THE SBRG STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE SBRG BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT SBRG STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL AND ADOPTION
OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER. See "The Merger -- SBRG Reasons for the
Merger; Recommendation of the SBRG Board of Directors."

MISCELLANEOUS

        It is not expected that any other matters will be brought before the
SBRG special meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the SBRG
special meeting, including a motion to adjourn or postpone such SBRG special
meeting to another time and/or place for the purpose of, among other things,
permitting dissemination of information regarding material developments relating
to the merger agreement and the merger, or soliciting additional proxies in
favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the merger, the persons named
on the accompanying proxy card will vote the shares represented by the proxy
upon such matters in their discretion. However, if SBRG proposes to adjourn or
postpone its special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional votes in
favor of the merger agreement and the merger, and seeks a vote of SBRG
stockholders on such proposal, proxies that have been voted against the merger
agreement and merger (or on which a SBRG stockholder has elected to abstain)
will not be voted in favor of any adjournment or postponement for the purpose of
soliciting additional proxies. Any other proxy will be deemed to have voted
"FOR" any such adjournment or postponement proposal. Should the SBRG special
meeting be reconvened, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as such
proxies would have been voted when the SBRG special meeting was originally
convened, except for proxies effectively revoked or withdrawn prior to the time
proxies are voted at the reconvened SBRG special meeting.

        SBRG STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND IN ANY STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THEIR
PROXY CARDS. APPROXIMATELY 15 DAYS PRIOR TO THE ANTICIPATED MERGER COMPLETION
DATE, THE EXCHANGE AGENT WILL MAIL TO EACH STOCKHOLDER OF RECORD OF SBRG AS OF
FIVE DAYS PRIOR TO SUCH MAILING DATE TRANSMITTAL MATERIALS.

                                   THE MERGER

        The following describes certain aspects of the proposed merger. Because
this discussion is a summary, it may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. To understand the merger fully, and for a more complete
description of the legal terms of the merger, you are urged to read the merger
agreement carefully. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Appendix A to
this document and is incorporated in this document by reference.

GENERAL

        The merger agreement provides for the merger of a wholly-owned
subsidiary of CKE with and into SBRG, with SBRG surviving the merger as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of CKE. The merger will become effective with the filing
of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.
It is anticipated that this filing will be made as soon as practicable after the
last of the conditions to the merger, as set forth in the merger agreement, has
been satisfied or waived. When the merger is completed:

        -   SBRG will continue as the surviving corporation;

        -   SBRG will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of CKE; and

        -   the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the merger
            subsidiary then in effect will be the certificate of incorporation
            and by-laws of the surviving corporation.

We hope to complete this transaction by March 29, 2002.

MERGER CONSIDERATION

        In the merger, shares of SBRG common stock will be converted into the
right to receive merger consideration consisting of one-half of one share of CKE
common stock for each whole share of SBRG.

        No fractional shares of CKE common stock will be issued in the merger.
Any fractional share of CKE common stock which would otherwise be payable to a
SBRG stockholder will be settled in cash in an amount equal to the value of such
fractional share, based upon the average value of a share of CKE common stock
during the ten trading-day period ending two days before the merger, which we
will refer to as the "average CKE share price."

      When we complete the merger, each unexercised stock option to buy SBRG
common stock outstanding under SBRG's stock option plans and each warrant to
purchase SBRG common stock will become an option or warrant to purchase CKE
common stock. The number of shares of CKE common stock subject to each new
option or warrant, as well as the exercise price of each new option or warrant,
will be adjusted to reflect the applicable terms of the merger. Pursuant to the
terms of the SBRG stock option plans, each SBRG option will vest and become
exercisable in its entirety as of the closing of the merger. All of the warrants
are fully vested.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

      In December 2000 William P. Foley, II, Chairman of the Board of Directors
of SBRG and CKE, and Andrew F. Puzder, President and Chief Executive Officer of
CKE and a director of SBRG, began discussing a potential strategic combination
of CKE and SBRG. During that same time period, Mr. Puzder contacted Theodore
Abajian, President and Chief Executive Officer of SBRG, to discuss the strategic
combination between CKE and SBRG. Mr. Abajian indicated he was interested in
pursuing such discussions.

      Several follow-up conversations took place during December 2000 and
January 2001. However such discussions were very preliminary in nature and the
parties did not explore the specific terms and conditions of a possible merger
of the two companies. No substantive discussions took place thereafter until the
latter part of September 2001.

      In late September 2001, Mr. Puzder met with Messrs. Abajian and Foley and
again discussed the possibility of a merger and suggested that a merger could be
beneficial to both companies. All parties expressed interest. From late
September to early October CKE analyzed whether and under what circumstances a
strategic business combination would benefit its stockholders.

      In mid-October 2001, Mr. Foley, Mr. Puzder, E. Michael Murphy, CKE's
General Counsel, and Dennis J. Lacey, CKE's Chief Financial Officer, met in the
Santa Barbara, California offices of CKE and discussed the possible structure
and terms of the proposed merger of SBRG and CKE. Over the next few days, Mr.
Murphy contacted each of the other directors of CKE, discussed with them the
terms of the proposal, and received their preliminary approval to make the
proposal to SBRG, provided that the directors' final approval would be
contingent upon the satisfactory completion of a due diligence review of SBRG's
business and the retention of a nationally recognized investment banking firm to
opine as to the fairness of the merger consideration from a financial point of
view. Mr. Puzder then contacted Mr. Abajian and advised him that CKE proposed to
acquire SBRG in a merger in which each share of outstanding SBRG common stock
would entitled to receive one-half share of CKE common stock.

      On October 31, 2001, at the regularly scheduled SBRG Board of Directors
meeting, the SBRG Board of Directors was informed of the initial CKE acquisition
proposal and of the ongoing discussions between SBRG and CKE. Mr. Puzder
described the preliminary acquisition proposal, summarized CKE's business and
discussed the various rationales for the proposed merger. The SBRG Board of
Directors, after a discussion of the benefits of a strategic combination of SBRG
and CKE and the proposed structure and terms of such a combination, voted to
approve and authorize the proposed merger in principle, the negotiation and
execution of an acceptable letter of intent and the negotiation and execution of
a merger agreement, each subject to the completion of a due diligence review and
the retention of a recognized investment banking firm to review the fairness to
SBRG stockholders of the exchange ratio from a financial point of view.

      On November 1, 2001, Messrs. Puzder, Foley, Abajian and Murphy met in
Santa Barbara to discuss the terms of a letter of intent between the parties.
Thereafter, Mr. Murphy and Mr. Abajian had several telephone conversations to
discuss the drafting and wording of a letter of intent between the parties.

      These discussions and meetings resulted in the execution on November 16,
2001 of a non-binding letter of intent between CKE and SBRG. The letter of
intent set forth the following terms: (i) each share of outstanding SBRG common
stock would be exchanged for one-half of one share of CKE common stock; (ii) a
collar on the CKE stock price whereby SBRG could terminate the transaction if
CKE's average common share price fell below $6.25 per share and whereby CKE
could terminate the transaction if CKE's average common share price exceeded
$9.50 per share; and (iii) a closing date of March 29, 2001.

      On November 19, 2001 the parties publicly announced the sale. The closing
per share market price on November 16, 2001 was $7.85 and $2.35 for CKE and
SBRG, respectively. The closing per share market price on November 19, 2001 was
$8.01 and $3.52 for CKE and SBRG, respectively.

      On November 28, 2001 CKE engaged Morgan Keegan to opine as to the fairness
of the merger consideration from a financial point of view.

      On December 7, 2001 SBRG retained the services of Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.
to opine as to the fairness of the merger consideration from a financial point
of view to the SBRG stockholders.

      The parties conducted their due diligence review in Santa Barbara during
the period from November 19, 2001 until December 18, 2001.

      On November 27, 2001 CKE's attorneys provided Mr. Abajian and his
attorneys with a draft of the merger agreement. During the period from November
27, 2001 to December 11, 2001 Mr. Murphy and Mr. Abajian had several telephone
conversations and a meeting in CKE's Santa Barbara offices concerning the merger
agreement. During this same period of time, SBRG's attorneys and CKE's attorney
discussed the merger agreement. On December 11, 2001 SBRG provided its comments
to the merger agreement to CKE.

      The merger agreement was revised and sent to SBRG on December 12, 2001.

      On December 14, 2001 the SBRG Board of Directors met to consider the
proposed merger and its potential benefits to SBRG and its stockholders. Mr.
Abajian updated the directors concerning recent developments concerning the
proposed merger with CKE and discussed the terms and conditions of the merger.
Bear Stearns presented and reviewed its analysis of the merger and delivered its
opinion that the exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to
SBRG's stockholders other than CKE and its affiliates.

Following a discussion, the SBRG Board of Directors, by the unanimous vote of
all the disinterested directors present, approved the merger and the merger
agreement and declared that the merger and the merger agreement were advisable
and in the best interest of SBRG and its stockholders.

      On December 19, 2001 Morgan Keegan sent its report and opinion concerning
the merger to CKE's directors, Mr. Lacey and Mr. Murphy.

      From December 17 to December 19, Mr. Abajian and SBRG's attorneys'
proposed additions and minor changes to the merger agreement. On December 20,
2001 a revised merger agreement was circulated to the parties.

      On December 20, 2001 the CKE Board of Directors met to consider the
proposed merger and its potential benefits to the company. Mr. Murphy presented
the CKE Board of Directors with the merger agreement, updated the directors
about recent developments concerning the proposed merger with SBRG and the
results of CKE's due diligence and discussed the terms and conditions of the
merger. Morgan Keegan presented and reviewed its analysis and opinion that the
exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to CKE's stockholders.
Following a discussion, the CKE Board of Directors, by the unanimous vote of all
the disinterested directors present, approved the merger and the merger
agreement and declared that the merger and the merger agreement were advisable
and in the best interest of the CKE and its stockholders.

      The merger agreement was executed on December 20, 2001 following the
completion of the meeting of the CKE Board of Directors.

      On December 20, 2001 the parties publicly announced the signing of the
definitive merger agreement.

CKE REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE CKE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

        In reaching its determination to recommend approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the merger, the CKE Board of Directors consulted with CKE
management, as well as with its financial advisor Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.,
and considered a number of factors, including the following.

        -   The current status of CKE's business, operations, financial
            condition, earnings and prospects, and current industry, economic
            and market conditions.

        -   The consistency of the merger with CKE's long-term business
            strategies.

        -   The expectation that the merger would result in synergies for the
            two companies' operations, including the ability of CKE to further
            develop and expand its restaurant lines.

        -   The business, operations, financial condition, earnings and
            prospects of SBRG, and current industry, economic and market
            conditions. In making its determination, the CKE Board of Directors
            took into account the fact that senior management of CKE had
            performed a due diligence review of SBRG's business.

        -   The anticipated financial impact of the proposed transaction on
            CKE's and SBRG's future financial performance, including the
            elimination of certain royalties currently paid to SBRG and the
            reduction of overhead, and on CKE's stockholders.

        -   The complementary nature of the two companies' businesses and the
            close relationship between the board of directors of the two
            companies, including certain individuals are directors of both
            companies.

        -   The structure of the transaction and the terms of the merger
            agreement, including the fact that the merger is intended to qualify
            as a "reorganization" under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue
            Code.

        -   Morgan Keegan's financial and strategic analyses and presentation to
            the CKE Board of Directors on December 20, 2001, as well as the
            opinion of Morgan Keegan that, as of December 20, 2001, and subject
            to the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the
            review undertaken,

            the merger consideration to be paid by CKE pursuant to the merger
            agreement is fair from a financial point of view to CKE. See "--
            Opinion of CKE's Financial Advisor" below.

        The discussion above addresses the material factors considered by the
CKE Board of Directors in its consideration of the merger. In view of the
variety of factors and the amount of information considered, the CKE Board of
Directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, make specific assessments
of, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination. The determination was made after
consideration of all of the factors as a whole. In addition, individual members
of the CKE Board of Directors may have given different weights to different
factors.

        THE CKE BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER, DECLARED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE
ADVISABLE AND DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS
OF, CKE AND THE CKE STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE CKE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE CKE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL AND
ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF CKE COMMON STOCK
IN THE MERGER.

SBRG REASONS FOR THE MERGER; RECOMMENDATION OF THE SBRG BOARD OF DIRECTORS

        In reaching its determination to recommend approval and adoption of the
merger agreement and the merger, the SBRG Board of Directors consulted with SBRG
management, as well as with its financial advisor, Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., and
considered a number of factors, including the following.

        -   The expectation that the merger consideration would provide a
            significant premium and increased liquidity to the SBRG
            stockholders, taking into account, among other things, the limited
            public float and trading volume of SBRG's common shares.

        -   The expectation that the merger would result in synergies for the
            two companies' operations, including the ability of SBRG to utilize
            existing CKE infrastructure to further develop and expand its
            restaurant lines.

        -   The complementary nature of the two companies' businesses and the
            close relationship between the Boards of Directors of the two
            companies.

        -   The structure of the transaction and the terms of the merger
            agreement, including the fact that the merger is intended to qualify
            as a reorganization under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code.

        -   The potential cost savings relating to SBRG ceasing to be a separate
            SEC reporting company.

        -   Bear Stearns financial and strategic analyses and presentation to
            the SBRG Board of Directors on December 14, 2001, as well as the
            opinion of Bear Stearns to a special committee of the SBRG Board of
            Directors that, as of December 14, 2001, and subject to the
            assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
            undertaken, the exchange ratio is fair from a financial point of
            view to the unaffiliated shareholders of SBRG. See "-- Opinion of
            SBRG's Financial Advisor" below.

        The discussion above addresses the material factors considered by the
SBRG Board of Directors in its consideration of the merger. In view of the
variety of factors and the amount of information considered, the SBRG board of
directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, make specific assessments
of, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors
considered in reaching its determination. The determination was made after
consideration of all of the factors as a whole. In addition, individual members
of the SBRG Board of Directors may have given different weights to different
factors. For a discussion of the interests of certain members of SBRG's
management and the SBRG Board of Directors in the merger, see "-- Interests of
Certain Persons in the Merger" below.

        THE SBRG BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER, DECLARED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE
ADVISABLE AND DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER IS FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS
OF, SBRG AND THE SBRG STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE SBRG BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT THE SBRG STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL AND
ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER.

OPINION OF CKE'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

          Under an engagement letter dated November 28, 2001, CKE engaged Morgan
   Keegan to deliver an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of
   view, of the merger. Morgan Keegan is a nationally recognized investment
   banking firm and was selected by CKE based on its reputation and experience
   in investment banking in general and its recognized expertise in the
   valuation of businesses. On December 20, 2001, at the special meeting of the
   Board of Directors, Morgan Keegan delivered to the Board of Directors its
   oral opinion (which was subsequently confirmed in a written opinion, dated
   December 20, 2001) that, as of such date and based on and subject to the
   matters set forth therein, the merger consideration pursuant to the merger
   agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of CKE
   common stock.

          You should consider the following when reading the discussion of the
   opinion of Morgan Keegan herein:

          . You are urged to read carefully the entire opinion of Morgan Keegan,
            which is attached as Appendix B to this joint proxy
            statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference;

          . Morgan Keegan's advisory services and opinion were provided to the
            CKE Board of Directors for its information in its consideration of
            the merger and was directed only to the fairness, from a financial
            point of view, of the merger consideration to the stockholders of
            CKE; and

          . Morgan Keegan's opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to
            whether or not any stockholder of CKE common stock in should vote
            with respect to the Merger.

          Although Morgan Keegan evaluated the fairness, from a financial point
   of view, of the merger consideration to be issued to stockholders of SBRG
   pursuant to the merger agreement, the merger consideration itself was
   determined by CKE and SBRG through arm's-length negotiations. CKE did not
   provide specific instructions to, or place any limitations on, Morgan Keegan
   with respect to the procedures to be followed or factors to be considered by
   Morgan Keegan in performing its analyses or providing its opinion.

          In connection with its opinion, Morgan Keegan reviewed, among other
   things, the following:

          . the merger agreement;

          . certain publicly available business and financial information
            relating to CKE and SBRG; and

          . certain other information provided to it by CKE and SBRG.

Morgan Keegan also held discussions with members of the senior management of

CKE and SBRG regarding the strategic rationale for, and the potential benefits
of, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the past and
current business operations, financial condition and future prospects of their
respective companies. In addition, Morgan Keegan:

   . reviewed the reported historical prices and historical trading activity for
     CKE common stock and SBRG common stock;

   . compared the financial performance of SBRG common stock with that of
     certain other publicly-traded companies;

   . reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of certain
     other business combinations and other transactions that it deemed relevant;

   . reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger on CKE under certain
     scenarios; and

   . performed such other analyses and considered such other factors as it
     deemed appropriate.

     Morgan Keegan assumed and relied upon, without independent verification,
the accuracy and completeness of the information reviewed by it for the purposes
of its opinion and did not assume any obligation independently to verify such
information. Morgan Keegan assumed that the internal financial statements and
other financial and operating data had been reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of both CKE and SBRG. Morgan Keegan also assumed that there had been
no material changes in CKE's or SBRG's assets, financial condition, results of
operations, business or prospects since the respective dates of the last
financial statements made available to it. Morgan Keegan did not make any
independent valuation, inspection or appraisal of the assets or liabilities of
CKE or SBRG, nor was it furnished with any such appraisals or valuations. In
addition, Morgan Keegan was informed that it is the intention of the parties
that the merger qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and assumed that the merger
would be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the draft merger
agreement and in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all
other applicable federal, state and local statutes, rules, regulations and
ordinances. Morgan Keegan's opinion was necessarily based on financial,
economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to it as of, the date of its opinion. In addition, Morgan Keegan did
not express any opinion as to the actual value of the CKE common stock or the
prices at which the CKE common stock would trade following the date of its
opinion.

     Morgan Keegan, as part of its investment banking business, is continually
engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with
mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive biddings,
secondary distributions of listed and

unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and
other purposes.

     Morgan Keegan provides a full range of financial advisory and securities
services and, in the course of its normal trading activities, may from time to
time effect transactions and hold securities, including derivative securities,
of CKE or SBRG for its own account or for the accounts of customers. Morgan
Keegan may provide investment banking services to CKE and its subsidiaries in
the future.

     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses used by
Morgan Keegan in reaching its opinion and does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses performed by Morgan Keegan. The following
quantitative information, to the extent it is based on market data, is based on
market data as it existed at or about December 17, 2001 and is not necessarily
indicative of current market conditions. Readers should understand that the
order of analyses and the results derived from these analyses described below do
not represent relative importance or weight given to these analyses by Morgan
Keegan. The summary of the financial analyses includes information presented in
tabular format. In order to understand fully the financial analyses used by
Morgan Keegan, these tables must be read together with the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not describe completely the financial analyses.

Historical Trading and Exchange Ratio Analysis

     Morgan Keegan examined the historical closing prices of CKE common stock
and SBRG common stock from December 18, 2000 to December 17, 2001. During this
time period, CKE common stock reached a high of $9.45 per share and a low of
$2.00 per share. For the same time period, SBRG common stock reached a high of
$4.02 per share and a low of $1.13 per share.

     Morgan Keegan compared the historical ratios of the average closing price
of CKE common stock to the average closing price of SBRG common stock for
various periods ended December 17, 2001 and November 16, 2001, the day prior to
announcement of the transaction. Morgan Keegan also examined the premium
or discount represented by the transaction exchange ratio over the average
exchange ratio for various time periods.

Morgan Keegan noted that the transaction exchange ratio represents a discount to
the average exchange ratio of the closing prices and is within the most frequent
exchange ratio range (0.4-0.7) for the period since December 18, 2000.

Pro Forma Impact Analysis

     Morgan Keegan analyzed certain pro forma effects of the Merger on CKE
including the impact of the Merger on CKE's earnings per share for the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2003. The pro forma impact analysis assumed: federal
income tax expense would not be recorded on SBRG's GAAP-basis earnings for
Fiscal 2003 due to utilization of CKE's deferred asset valuation allowance and
an effective purchase price of $3.87 per share of SBRG Common Stock. No
potential cost savings or synergies related to the merger were assumed. Morgan
Keegan determined that the transaction would be accretive to CKE fiscal 2003
earnings per share.

Peer Group Analysis

     Morgan Keegan compared financial, market and operating information of CKE
and SBRG with corresponding data for two groups:

   . a group of quick service restaurants, consisting of AFC Enterprises, Inc.,
     Back Yard Burgers, Inc., CEC Entertainment, Inc., CKE Restaurants, Inc.,
     Jack in the Box, Inc., McDonald's Corporation, Nathan's Famous, Inc.,
     Panera Bread Company, Rubio's, Schlotzky's, Sonic, Steak N' Shake, TRICON
     Global, Wendy's International, Inc.

   . a group of casual dining companies, consisting of Applebee's, Brinker
     International Buca, Inc., California Pizza Kitchen, CBRL Group, Champp's
     Entertainment Inc., Cheesecake Factory, Darden Restaurants, J Alexander's
     Corp., Landry's Restaurants, Lonestar, Outback Steakhouse, O'Charley's, PF
     Chang's China Bistro, Rare Hospitality International and Ruby Tuesday.

Specifically, Morgan Keegan:

   . calculated the enterprise value of each company as a multiple of its
     respective: LTM sales, LTM EBITDA and LTM EBIT;

   . calculated the market capitalization of each company as a multiple of its
     respective: LTM net income from continued operations and its latest
     publicly-available book value;

   . applied the median valuation multiples from their respective peer group to
     SBRG's results for the latest twelve months ended November 1, 2001 to
     derive an implied range of equity values and price per share for SBRG; and

   . used the implied price per share information to calculate an implied range
     of exchange ratios.

     The results of that analysis are set forth in the following table:

                                       BASED ON LTM (11/01/01) SBRG RESULTS
                                   --------------------------------------------
                                                Implied      Implied    IMPLIED
                       Median                 Enterprise     Equity      SHARE
                     Multiples       LTM         Value        Value      VALUE
                                   --------------------------------------------

Quick Service
Restaurants
Revenues                1.3 x      $91,760     $119,352     $115,640     $8.06
EBITDA                  7.9 x        8,230       65,038       61,326      4.28
EBIT                   12.9 x        3,621       46,707       42,995      3.00
Net Income             17.5 x        2,902       50,687       50,687      3.53
Tangible Book
  Value/Share           2.6 x       35,533       92,681       92,681      6.46

Casual Dining
Restaurants
Revenues                1.3 x      $91,760     $114,897     $111,185     $7.75
EBITDA                  9.8 x        8,230       80,319       76,607      5.34
EBIT                   14.8 x        3,621       53,426       49,714      3.47
Net Income             21.7 x        2,902       62,922       62,922      4.39
Tangible Book
  Value/Share           2.9 x       35,533      101,994      101,994      7.11

     Based on peer group analysis, Morgan Keegan derived an implied SBRG share
price of $4.28 and an implied exchange ratio of 0.55 based on the median EBITDA
multiple of the quick service restaurants analyzed and derived an implied SBRG
share price of $5.34 and implied exchange ratio of 0.69 based on the median
EBITDA multiples of the casual dining restaurants analyzed.

Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis

     Morgan Keegan reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly
available, of 21 mergers and acquisition transactions since 1999 involving
companies operating in the restaurant industry. Morgan Keegan refers to these
transactions as the selected restaurant transactions.

     The transactions reviewed were:

ANNOUNCED     EFFECTIVE     SELLER                                              BUYER

5-Nov-01                    Quizno's                          Firenze Corp.
23-Oct-01                   Interfoods of America Inc         Private Group
5-Oct-01                    Blimpie's                         Sandwich Acquisition Corp.
10-Dec-01     10-Dec-01     La Madelaine                      Private Group
8-Jun-01      22-Aug-01     McCormick & Schmicks              Castle Harlan Inc/Bruckmann Rosser Sherrill & Co
15-Apr-01     30-Jun-01     UNO Restaurant Corp.              Management
23-Mar-01     27-Aug-01     PJ America Inc                    Private Group
15-Feb-01     14-May-01     VICORP Restaurants Inc            Goldner Hawn Johnson & Morrison Inc
16-Nov-00     16-Jul-01     Il Fornaio America Corp           Bruckmann Rosser Sherrill & Co LP
6-Oct-00      20-Dec-00     Taco Cabana Inc                   Carrols Corp
26-Sep-00     1-Dec-00      Rainforest Cafe Inc               Landrys Seafood Restaurants Inc
5-Jun-00      2-Oct-00      Buffets Inc                       Caxton-Iseman Capital Inc
28-Mar-00     28-Jun-00     El Torito                         Acapulco Acquisition Corp
9-Nov-99      29-Dec-99     El Pollo Loco                     American Securities Capital Partners LP
13-Aug-99     13-Aug-99     Sbarro Inc                        Private Group
19-Mar-99     16-Aug-99     Rock Bottom Restaurants Inc       Private Group
29-Jan-99     10-Aug-99     Rally's Hamburgers Inc            Checkers Drive-In Restaurants Inc
13-Aug-98     16-May-99     Au Bon Pain Co Inc (1)            Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co, LP
11-Dec-98     16-Feb-99     Logan's Roadhouse Inc             CBRL Group Inc
3-Dec-98      5-Apr-99      Back Bay Restaurant Group Inc     SRC Holdings Inc/Private Group
18-Sep-98     25-Jan-99     Spaghetti Warehouse Inc           Cracken Harkey Street & Hartnett LLC

     Morgan Keegan calculated for each of the selected restaurant transactions
the multiples of the enterprise value for each target company implied by the
transaction to the target company's trailing twelve months revenues, EBITDA and
EBIT, based on publicly available information for each of the selected retail
transactions, and compared these multiples to the corresponding multiples for
the merger, based on the exchange ratio for the merger and assuming a CKE share
price of $7.73 per share, based on the December 17, 2001 closing price.

                                                           BASED ON LTM (11/01/01) SBRG RESULTS
                                                       --------------------------------------------
                                                                    Implied      Implied   IMPLIED
                                            Median                Enterprise     Equity     SHARE
                                          Multiples      LTM         Value        Value     VALUE
                                                       --------------------------------------------

Selected Precedent Transactions
   Revenues                                  0.6 x     $91,760      $56,398     $52,686     $3.67
   EBITDA                                    5.4 x       8,230       44,371      40,659      2.83
   EBIT                                      9.5 x       4,143       39,183      35,472      2.47
   Net Income                               14.0 x       2,902       40,620      40,620      2.83
   Tangible Book Value/Share                 1.3 x      35,533       47,359      47,359      3.30

Selected Completed Precedent Transactions
   Revenues                                  0.6 x     $91,760      $55,875     $52,163     $3.64
   EBITDA                                    5.4 x       8,230       44,066      40,354      2.81
   EBIT                                      9.6 x       4,143       39,592      35,881      2.50
   Net Income                               14.5 x       2,902       42,205      42,205      2.94
   Tangible Book Value/Share                 1.3 x      35,533       47,359      47,359      3.30

     Based on selected precedent transactions analysis, Morgan Keegan derived an
implied SBRG share price of $2.81 and an implied exchange ratio of 0.36 based on
the median EBITDA multiple of all closed transactions reviewed. All multiples
for the selected precedent transactions were based on public information
available at the time of announcement of such transaction, without taking into
account differing market and other conditions during the three-and-one-half year
period during which the selected transactions occurred. Because the reasons for,
and circumstances surrounding, each of the precedent transactions analyzed were
so diverse, and due to the inherent differences between the operations and
financial conditions of SBRG and the companies involved in the selected
precedent transactions, Morgan Keegan believes that a comparable transaction
analysis is not simply mathematical. Rather, it involves complex considerations
and qualitative judgments, reflected in Morgan Keegan's opinion, concerning
differences between the characteristics of these transactions and the merger
that could affect the value of the subject companies and businesses and CKE and
SBRG.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

     Morgan Keegan performed a discounted cash flow analysis on the projected
cash flows of SBRG for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2002 through December
31, 2006 using projections and assumptions provided by the management of SBRG.
Morgan Keegan used a range of discount rates (9.5% to 11.5%) and terminal
multiples (5.0x to 7.0x) based on estimated EBITDA for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2006 to calculate a range of implied equity values and price per
share for SBRG common stock. The implied share prices were compared to CKE's
closing share price on December 17, 2001 of $7.73 to calculate a range of
implied exchange ratios.

     Based on discounted cash flow analysis, Morgan Keegan derived an implied
SBRG share price range of $3.97 to $5.89 and an implied exchange ratio range
0.51 to 0.76.

Contribution Analysis

     Morgan Keegan analyzed the relative contributions of CKE and SBRG,
comparing CKE's relative ownership of approximately 88.0% of the outstanding
capital of the combined company to pro forma financial metrics of the
combined company, based on their historical financial results and projections as
provided by CKE and SBRG management. The analysis based on historical financial
results showed that on a pro forma combined basis (excluding (i) the effect of
any synergies that may be realized as a result of the merger, and (ii)
non-recurring expenses relating to the merger), based on the twelve month period
ending November 5, 2001 for CKE and the twelve month period ending November 1,
2001 for SBRG, CKE and SBRG would account for approximately 94.2% and 5.8%,
respectively, of the combined company's pro forma revenue, approximately 81.4%
and 18.6%, respectively, of the combined company's pro forma operating profit
and approximately 92.2% and 7.8%, respectively, of the combined company's pro
forma operating cash flow. The analysis based on projected financial results
showed that on a pro forma combined basis (excluding (i) the effect of any
synergies that may be realized as a result of the merger, (ii) the effect of
amortization of any goodwill resulting from the merger, and (iii) non-recurring
expenses relating to the merger), based on the twelve month period ending
January 31, 2003 for CKE and the

twelve month period ending December 31, 2002 for SBRG, CKE and SBRG would
account for approximately 93.0% and 7.0%, respectively, of the combined
company's pro forma revenue, approximately 91.9% and 8.1%, respectively, of the
combined company's pro forma operating profit, 92.6% and 7.4%, respectively, of
the combined company's pro forma operating cash flow and approximately 80.1% and
19.9%, respectively, of the combined company's pro forma net income.

     The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving
various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of
financial analysis and the application of these methods to the particular
circumstances and, therefore, is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis
or summary description. Selecting portions of the analyses or of the summary set
forth above, without considering the analysis as a whole, could create an
incomplete view of the processes underlying Morgan Keegan's opinion. In arriving
at its fairness determination, Morgan Keegan considered the results of all such
analyses and did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis
considered by it; rather, Morgan Keegan made its determination as to fairness on
the basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the
results of all such analyses. No company or transaction used in the above
analyses is directly comparable to SBRG or the contemplated transaction. In
addition, mathematical analysis such as determining the mean or median is not in
itself a meaningful method of using selected data. The analyses were prepared
solely for purposes of Morgan Keegan providing its opinion to the Board of
Directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration to be received by the stockholders of SBRG pursuant to the merger
and do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which
businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses based on forecasts of
future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses.
Because such analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based upon
numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or their respective
advisors, none of CKE, Morgan Keegan or any other person assumes responsibility
if future results are materially different from those forecast. As described
below, the opinion of Morgan Keegan to the Board of Directors was among many
factors taken into consideration by the Board of Directors in making its
determination to approve the merger agreement.

OPINION OF SBRG'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

        On December 14, 2001, at a special meeting of the Board of Directors of
SBRG, Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. delivered its oral opinion, that as of that date
and based on the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations of review
as set forth in such opinion, the exchange ratio determining the consideration
to be received by the holders of SBRG common stock in the merger was fair from a
financial point of view to those holders, other than CKE and its affiliates.
Bear Stearns subsequently confirmed its oral opinion by delivery of its written
opinion dated December 14, 2001 to a special committee of the SBRG Board of
Directors.

        THE FULL TEXT OF THE BEAR STEARNS OPINION, WHICH STATES THE ASSUMPTIONS
MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, MATTERS CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE SCOPE OF
THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY BEAR STEARNS IN RENDERING ITS OPINION, IS INCLUDED IN
THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AS APPENDIX C AND INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE INTO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. THE BEAR STEARNS OPINION
IS FOR THE USE AND BENEFIT OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SBRG AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF SBRG OR ANY HOLDERS OF
SBRG COMMON STOCK AS TO HOW TO VOTE IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER. THE BEAR
STEARNS OPINION DOES NOT ADDRESS SBRG'S UNDERLYING BUSINESS DECISION TO PURSUE
THE MERGER, THE RELATIVE MERITS OF THE MERGER AS COMPARED TO ANY ALTERNATIVE
BUSINESS STRATEGIES THAT MIGHT EXIST FOR SBRG OR THE EFFECTS OF ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION IN WHICH SBRG MIGHT ENGAGE AND ADDRESSES ONLY THE FAIRNESS FROM A
FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, TO THE HOLDERS OF THE SBRG COMMON STOCK, OTHER THAN CKE
AND ITS AFFILIATES, OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO WHICH DETERMINES THE CONSIDERATION TO
BE RECEIVED IN THE MERGER. THE BEAR STEARNS OPINION DOES NOT EXPRESS AN OPINION
AS TO THE FAIRNESS, FROM A FINANCIAL POINT OF VIEW, OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO OR THE
CONSIDERATION TO BE RECEIVED IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER IF THE AVERAGE PRICE
OF THE CKE COMMON STOCK IS BELOW $6.25 PER SHARE AT CLOSING OR IF THE AVERAGE
PRICE OF THE CKE COMMON STOCK IS GREATER THAN $9.50 PER SHARE AT CLOSING. THE
BEAR STEARNS OPINION ALSO DOES NOT EXPRESS ANY OPINION AS TO THE PRICES AT WHICH
THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF SBRG OR CKE WILL TRADE SUBSEQUENT TO THE EXECUTION
OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT OR FOLLOWING THE CONSUMMATION OF THE MERGER. THIS
DESCRIPTION OF THE BEAR STEARNS OPINION IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO THE FULL TEXT OF THE BEAR STEARNS OPINION. HOLDERS OF SBRG COMMON
STOCK ARE URGED TO, AND SHOULD, READ THE BEAR STEARNS OPINION CAREFULLY AND IN
ITS ENTIRETY.

        In arriving at the opinion, Bear Stearns, among other things:

        -   reviewed the draft merger agreement dated December 13, 2001;

        -   reviewed SBRG's Annual Reports to Shareholders and Annual Reports on
            Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998, December 30,
            1999 and December 28, 2000, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for
            the periods ended April 19, 2001, July 12, 2001 and October 4, 2001,
            and its Reports on Form 8-K for the three years ended the date
            hereof;

        -   reviewed CKE's Annual Reports to Shareholders and Annual Reports on
            Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended January 25, 1999, January 31,
            2000, and January 29, 2001, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for
            the periods ended May 21, 2001 and August 13, 2001, and its Reports
            on Form 8-K for the three years ended the date hereof;

        -   reviewed certain operating and financial information relating to
            SBRG's business and prospects, including projections for the five
            years ended December 31, 2006, provided to Bear Stearns by SBRG's
            management;

        -   reviewed certain operating and financial information relating to
            CKE's business and prospects, including projections for the year
            ended January 31, 2002, published by certain Wall Street research
            analysts, selected by Bear Stearns following discussions with CKE's
            senior management;

        -   met with certain members of SBRG's senior management to discuss
            SBRG's business, operations, historical and projected financial
            results and future prospects;

        -   met with certain members of SBRG's and CKE's senior management to
            discuss CKE's business, operations, historical and projected
            financial results and future prospects;

        -   reviewed the historical prices, trading multiples and trading
            volumes of the common shares of SBRG and CKE;

        -   reviewed publicly available financial data, stock market performance
            data and trading multiples of companies which Bear Stearns deemed
            generally comparable to SBRG and CKE;

        -   reviewed the terms of recent mergers and acquisitions of companies
            which Bear Stearns deemed generally comparable to SBRG and the
            merger;

        -   performed discounted cash flow analyses based on the projections for
            SBRG furnished to Bear Stearns;

        -   reviewed the pro forma financial results, financial condition and
            capitalization of CKE giving effect to the merger; and

        -   conducted such other studies, analyses, inquiries and investigations
            as Bear Stearns deemed appropriate.

        Bear Stearns relied upon and assumed, without independent verification,
the accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information, including
without limitation the projections, provided to Bear Stearns by SBRG. With
respect to SBRG's projected financial results, Bear Stearns assumed that they
have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the senior management of SBRG as to the expected
future performance of SBRG. With respect to CKE's projected financial results
reviewed by Bear Stearns, Bear Stearns assumed that they have been reasonably
prepared and have relied on representations by management of CKE that they do
not materially differ from the best currently available estimates and judgments
of the senior management of CKE as to the expected future performance of CKE.
Bear Stearns has not assumed any responsibility for the independent verification
of any such information or of the projections provided to Bear Stearns, and Bear
Stearns relied upon the assurances of the senior management of SBRG that they
are unaware of any facts that would make the information and projections
provided to Bear Stearns incomplete or misleading.

        In arriving at the opinion, Bear Stearns did not perform or obtain any
independent appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of
SBRG and CKE, nor was Bear Stearns furnished with any such appraisals. Bear
Stearns assumed that the merger will qualify as a tax-free "reorganization"
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Bear Stearns
assumed that the merger will be consummated in a timely manner and in accordance
with the terms of the merger agreement without any regulatory limitations,
restrictions, conditions, amendments or modifications, regulatory or otherwise,
that collectively would have a material effect on SBRG or CKE. Bear Stearns also
assumed that the merger agreement, as executed and delivered, does not differ in
any material respect from the December 13, 2001 draft thereof which Bear Stearns
reviewed.

        Bear Stearns did not express any opinion as to the price or range of
prices at which the shares of common stock of SBRG and CKE may trade subsequent
to the execution of the merger agreement or as to the price or range of prices
at which the shares of common stock of CKE may trade subsequent to the
consummation of the merger.

        Bear Stearns acted as a financial advisor to the Board of Directors of
SBRG in connection with the merger and will receive a customary fee for such
services. Bear Stearns or its affiliates have been previously engaged by
Fidelity National Financial, Inc., a significant stockholder of SBRG, to provide
certain investment banking and financial advisory services for which Bear
Stearns received customary fees. In the ordinary course of business, Bear
Stearns may actively trade the equity and debt securities of SBRG and/or CKE for
Bear Stearns's own account and for the account of its customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

        The following discussion describes the material federal income tax
consequences of the merger. The discussion below:

        -   is based on current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code,
            applicable Treasury Regulations, administrative rulings and
            pronouncements, and judicial decisions, all of which are subject to
            change, possibly with retroactive effect;

        -   does not purport to address all aspects of U.S. federal income
            taxation that may affect individual stockholders, optionholders or
            warrantholders in light of their particular circumstances; that are
            generally assumed to be known by investors; or that may affect
            stockholders or optionholders to which special provisions of the
            U.S. federal income tax may apply based on their particular
            circumstances or status (see "Qualifications" below);

        -   assumes that the shares of SBRG common stock are held as capital
            assets;

        -   assumes that the merger and related transactions will take place in
            accordance with all of the terms and conditions of the merger
            agreement and as described in this document without the waiver or
            modification of any of those terms or conditions; and

        -   assumes that SBRG options that are intended to qualify as incentive
            stock options under section 422 of the Code qualify as such options
            immediately before the merger.

        In addition, no information is provided in this document with respect to
the tax consequences of the merger under foreign, state, or local laws.

SBRG STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC
TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING TAX RETURN REPORTING
REQUIREMENTS, WHETHER GAIN, IF ANY, WILL BE TREATED AS CAPITAL GAIN OR A
DIVIDEND, THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND OTHER
APPLICABLE TAX LAWS, AND THE EFFECT OF ANY CHANGES IN THE TAX LAW.

        Neither SBRG nor CKE has requested a ruling from the IRS with regard to
any of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger. The opinion of
counsel referred to below will not be binding on the IRS and there can be no
assurance that the IRS or the courts will not take a contrary view.

        CKE and SBRG expect that the merger will be treated as a tax-free
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and that for
federal income tax purposes no gain or loss will be recognized by SBRG
stockholders who exchange their shares of SBRG common stock solely for shares of
CKE common stock pursuant to the merger, except upon the receipt of cash by
holders in lieu of fractional shares of CKE common stock. The Internal Revenue
Service has not been and will not be asked to rule upon the tax consequences of
the merger. Instead, SBRG will rely upon the opinion of Christensen, Miller,
Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil & Shapiro, LLP, its counsel, as to certain federal
income tax consequences of the merger to the SBRG stockholders. The opinion of
Christensen, Miller, Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil & Shapiro, LLP will be based
upon the facts described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the
representations and covenants made in the merger agreement and other
representations made by SBRG and CKE, and is subject to various assumptions and
qualifications. The opinion of Christensen, Miller, Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil &
Shapiro, LLP will also be based upon the Code, regulations now in effect
thereunder, current administrative rulings and practice, and judicial authority,
all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Unlike a
ruling from the Service, an opinion of counsel is not binding on the Service and
there can be no assurance, and none is hereby given, that the Service will not
take a position contrary to one or more positions reflected herein or that the
opinion will be upheld by the courts if challenged by the Service.

        Based upon the facts described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
various representations and covenants made by SBRG, CKE, and certain SBRG
stockholders, and subject to various assumptions and qualifications,
Christensen, Miller, Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil & Shapiro, LLP will deliver an
opinion, at and as of the effective time of the merger that the merger will be
treated as a "reorganization" within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code,
and SBRG, CKE and the wholly-owned subsidiary of CKE which will be merged with
and into SBRG will each will be a party to the reorganization within the

meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code. Subject to the limitations and
qualifications referred to herein, qualification of the merger as such a
reorganization will result in the following federal income tax consequences:

        -   no income, gain or loss will be recognized by SBRG or CKE as a
            result of the consummation of the merger;

        -   subject to the last item below, no gain or loss will be recognized
            by the holders of SBRG common stock upon the exchange of SBRG common
            stock solely for CKE common stock pursuant to the merger;

        -   the tax basis of the CKE common stock received by an SBRG
            stockholder pursuant to the merger, including any fractional shares
            deemed received as described in the last item below, will be the
            same as the tax basis of the SBRG common stock surrendered in
            exchange therefor;

        -   the holding period of the CKE common stock received by a stockholder
            of SBRG pursuant to the merger will include the period during which
            the SBRG common stock surrendered in exchange therefor was held by
            such SBRG stockholder, provided the SBRG common stock is a capital
            asset in the hands of the SBRG stockholder at the time of the
            merger; and

        -   cash received by an SBRG stockholder in lieu of a fractional share
            interest in CKE common stock will generally be treated as received
            in redemption of such fractional share interest, and an SBRG
            stockholder will generally recognize gain or loss, subject to the
            provisions and limitations of Section 302 of the Code, which gain or
            loss will be capital gain or loss provided the SBRG common stock was
            a capital asset in the hands of the SBRG stockholder at the time of
            the merger. For United States federal income tax purposes, the gain
            or loss is measured by the difference between the amount of cash
            received and the portion of the tax basis of the share of SBRG
            common stock allocable to such fractional share interest.

        RECORD KEEPING REQUIREMENTS. An SBRG stockholder who exchanges SBRG
common stock for CKE common stock or who exchanges SBRG common stock for CKE
common stock and cash (in lieu of a fractional share) in connection with the
merger will be required to retain records and file with that stockholder's
federal income tax return for the taxable year in which the merger takes place a
statement setting forth all the relevant facts in respect of the non-recognition
of gain or loss upon the exchange. The statement must include:

        -   the stockholder's basis in the shares of SBRG common stock
            surrendered in the merger;

        -   the value of the shares of CKE common stock received, using the fair
            market value as of the effective time of the merger; and

        -   the amount of any cash received in the merger.

        BACKUP WITHHOLDING TAX. Under the Internal Revenue Code, an SBRG
stockholder may be subject, under some circumstances, to "backup withholding"
tax with respect to cash received in the merger unless the stockholder complies
with certain notification and identification requirements provided under the
relevant provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Any amounts withheld under the
backup withholding rules generally will be allowed as a credit against the
stockholder's U.S. federal income tax liability.

        CONSEQUENCES TO SBRG AND CKE. Neither SBRG nor CKE will recognize gain
or loss solely as a result of the merger.

        QUALIFICATIONS. As noted above, the foregoing discussion does not
address aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to SBRG
stockholders, optionholders or warrantholders to which special provisions of

the U.S. federal income tax law may apply based on their particular
circumstances or status. For example, the discussion does not address aspects of
U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to:

        -   dealers in securities or currencies;

        -   traders in securities;

        -   financial institutions;

        -   tax-exempt organizations;

        -   insurance companies;

        -   persons holding shares of SBRG common stock as part of a hedging,
            "straddle," conversion, or other integrated transaction;

        -   persons subject to the alternative minimum tax;

        -   non-United States persons; or

        -   stockholders that exercise dissenters' rights.

        The preceding discussion sets forth the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger but does not purport to be a complete analysis or
discussion of all potential tax effects relevant thereto. Thus, SBRG
stockholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors as to the specific tax
consequences to them of the merger, including tax return reporting requirements,
whether gain, if any, will be treated as capital gain or a dividend, the
applicability and effect of U.S. federal, state, local, and other applicable tax
laws, and the effect of any changes in the tax law.

REQUIRED REGULATORY FILINGS AND APPROVALS

        Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, and the
rules promulgated under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, CKE and SBRG cannot complete
the merger until they notify and furnish information to the Federal Trade
Commission and the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and
specified waiting period requirements are satisfied.

        At any time before or after completion of the merger, the Antitrust
Division or the FTC could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems
necessary or desirable in the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the
consummation of the merger or seeking divestiture of substantial assets of CKE
or SBRG. Private parties may also bring actions under the antitrust laws under
certain circumstances. Although CKE and SBRG believe that the merger is legal
under the antitrust laws, there can be no assurance that a challenge to the
merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is made,
that it would not be successful.

RESALE OF CKE COMMON STOCK

        All shares of CKE common stock received by SBRG stockholders in the
merger will be freely transferable, except that CKE common stock received by
persons who are deemed to be "affiliates" (as such term is defined in Rule 145
under the Securities Act) of SBRG at the time of the SBRG special meeting may be
resold by them only in transactions permitted by the resale provisions of Rule
145 under the Securities Act (or Rule 144 under the Securities Act in the case
of such persons who become affiliates of CKE) or as otherwise permitted under
the Securities Act. Persons who may be deemed to be "affiliates" of SBRG or CKE
generally include individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or
are under common control with, such party and may include certain officers and
directors of such party as well as principal stockholders of such party.

        Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, SBRG agreed to deliver to
CKE a list of names of those persons whom SBRG believes to be "affiliates" of
SBRG within the meaning of Rule 145 under the Securities Act. SBRG has agreed to
use its commercially reasonable best efforts to cause each person who is
identified as an "affiliate" in the list referred to above to deliver to CKE, at
least 30 days prior to the merger, an affiliate letter acknowledging

that such person may be deemed an affiliate of CKE following the merger and
thus may be subject to certain restrictions of their ability to resell their CKE
common stock. Such affiliate letter shall provide that the SBRG affiliate will
agree not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares of CKE common
stock to be received by such person in or pursuant to the merger, except in
compliance with applicable provisions of the Securities Act.

        This joint proxy statement/prospectus cannot be used in connection with
resales of CKE common stock received in the merger by any person who may be
deemed to be an "affiliate" of SBRG under the Securities Act.

MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS FOLLOWING THE MERGER

        Following the merger, CKE will continue the operations of SBRG. The
Board of Directors of the surviving corporation will be comprised of the Board
of Directors of the wholly-owned CKE merger subsidiary, as in effect immediately
prior to the merger. SBRG's stockholders will become stockholders of CKE, and
their rights as stockholders will be governed by CKE's Certificate of
Incorporation and By-laws. See "Comparison of Rights of SBRG Stockholders and
CKE Stockholders."

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

        Certain members of SBRG's management have interests in the merger that
are different from and in addition to their interests as SBRG stockholders
generally. The SBRG Board of Directors was aware of these interests and
considered them in approving the merger agreement.

        William P. Foley, II, Andrew F. Puzder and Frank P. Willey are currently
members of SBRG's Board of Directors and CKE's Board of Directors. Mr. Puzder is
also the Chief Executive Officer and President of CKE.

        On December 20, 2001, CKE and Mr. Theodore Abajian, SBRG's President and
Chief Executive Officer, entered into an employment agreement substantially
identical to Mr. Abajian's current employment agreement with SBRG. The CKE
employment agreement becomes effective if and when the merger is effected. Mr.
Abajian will not receive any severance or similar benefits under his employment
agreement with SBRG when the agreement is terminated and superseded by the CKE
employment agreement at the time of the merger.

        STOCK-BASED RIGHTS. In the merger, each outstanding option and warrant
to purchase shares of SBRG common stock, will be converted into an option or
warrant to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as applied to the relevant
SBRG option or warrant, that number of shares of CKE common stock determined by
multiplying the number of shares of SBRG common stock subject to the SBRG option
or warrant by the exchange ratio, with any fractional shares of CKE common stock
resulting from such calculation being rounded down to the nearest whole share,
at a price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (x) the
aggregate exercise price for the SBRG common stock covered by the option or
warrant divided by (y) the number of full shares of CKE common stock covered by
such SBRG option or warrant upon conversion. By operation of the stock option
plan pursuant to which the option was granted, each SBRG option will vest and
become exercisable in its entirety upon the closing of the merger. As of
November 30, 2001, the number of SBRG shares covered by options held by the
directors of SBRG included 762,500 options held by William P. Foley, II, of
which 162,500 were unvested, 550,000 options held by Andrew F. Puzder, all of
which are vested, 105,000 options held by Charles Rolles, all of which are
vested, 105,000 options held by Burt Sugarman, all of which are vested, 85,000
options held by Frank P. Willey, all of which are vested, 55,000 options held by
Norman N. Habermann, all of which are vested, 55,000 options held by Ronald B.
Maggard, all of which are vested. In addition, 392,500 options were held by Ted
Abajian, SBRG's President and Chief Executive Officer, of which 187,500 were
unvested, 259,759 options were held by Peter Bedzyk, Executive Vice President of
Operations of SBRG's Timber Lodge Steakhouse subsidiary, of which 120,833 were
unvested, and 262,500 options were held by Kevin Osborn, President and Chief
Executive Officer of SBRG's La Salsa and Green Burrito subsidiaries, of which
154,166 were unvested.

        In addition, Messrs. Rolles, Sugarman, Habermann and Maggard, whose
tenure as directors of SBRG will end at the effective time of the merger, will
have the terms of their stock option agreements with SBRG adjusted so that they
may exercise such options at any time during the two year period following the
effective time of the merger. Those stock option agreements currently provide
that the options must be exercised within 30 days of the termination of service
with SBRG.

INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE

        The merger agreement provides that CKE will maintain in effect in
accordance with their terms all rights to indemnification and exculpation from
liabilities for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the merger now
existing in favor of the current or former directors or officers of SBRG and its
subsidiaries as provided in their respective certificates of incorporation or
by-laws (or comparable organizational documents) and any indemnification
agreements of SBRG. Directors and officers of SBRG who become directors or
officers of CKE will be entitled to the same indemnity rights and protections as
are afforded to other directors and officers of CKE. The merger agreement
further provides that, immediately prior to the closing, SBRG shall purchase one
or more single payment, run-off policies of directors and officers liability
insurance covering acts or omissions occurring

prior to the merger with respect to those persons who are currently covered by
the SBRG's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies on terms with
respect to such coverage and amount no less favorable than the terms of the
current policies of SBRG, such policy (or policies) to become effective at the
merger and to remain in effect for a period of six years after the merger. If
such coverage is unavailable, for six years after the merger, CKE shall provide
to SBRG's directors and officers liability insurance covering acts or omissions
occurring prior to the merger with respect to those persons who are currently
covered by SBRG's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies on terms
and in amounts no less favorable than those existing upon the merger, so long as
the annual premium therefor is not in excess of 200% of the current amount
expended by SBRG to procure such insurance.

EXPENSES

        The merger agreement provides that whether or not the merger is
consummated, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger shall
be paid by the party incurring such expenses, except that (i) each of SBRG and
CKE shall bear and pay one-half of the costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the printing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, as well as the
Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees related thereto, and (ii) if the
merger is consummated, the surviving corporation shall pay, or cause to be paid,
all state, local, foreign or provincial sales, use, real property, transfer,
stock transfer or similar taxes (including any interest or penalties with
respect thereto) attributable to the merger. In addition, (A) if CKE
stockholders do not approve the merger, CKE shall reimburse SBRG for all costs
and expenses incurred by it in connection with the preparation of the merger, or
(B) if the SBRG stockholder approval is not obtained or in the event CKE
terminates the merger because the SBRG stockholders have appraisal, dissenters'
or similar rights under applicable law and more than 2.0% of the SBRG
stockholders, determined as of the record date for the SBRG special meeting,
shall have made an effective demand for exercise of such rights, SBRG shall
reimburse CKE for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger;
provided, however, that in either such event the maximum aggregate amount to be
so reimbursed shall not exceed $200,000.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

        Pursuant to Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, SBRG
stockholders may dissent from the merger and elect to have the fair value of
their shares judicially determined and paid in cash, but only if the stockholder
complies with the provisions of Section 262. Dissenters' rights of appraisal are
not available to CKE stockholders.

        The following is a brief summary of the statutory procedures to be
followed by SBRG stockholders in order to perfect appraisal rights under
Delaware law. This summary is not intended to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to Section 262, a copy of which is attached as
Appendix D to this document.

        To dissent from the merger and demand appraisal, a SBRG stockholder must
satisfy the following conditions:

        -   deliver a written demand for appraisal to SBRG before the vote on
            the merger;

        -   not vote in favor of the merger agreement (the return of a signed
            proxy which does not specify a vote against the merger agreement or
            a direction to abstain will constitute a waiver of such
            stockholder's right of appraisal); and

        -   continuously hold the SBRG shares from the date of the making of the
            demand through the effective time of the merger.

        If a stockholder fails to comply with any of these conditions and the
merger becomes effective, he or she will be entitled only to receive the
consideration provided in the merger agreement. Failure to vote on the merger
proposal will not constitute a waiver of your appraisal rights. Voting against
the merger will not satisfy the requirement of a written demand for appraisal.

        All written demands for appraisal should be addressed to: Santa Barbara
Restaurant Group, Inc., 3938 State Street, Suite 200, Santa Barbara, California
93105, Attention: Corporate Secretary, before the vote concerning the merger
agreement at the SBRG special meeting, and should be executed by, or on behalf
of, the holder of record. If SBRG common stock is owned of record in a fiduciary
capacity, as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, execution of a demand for
appraisal should be made in such capacity. If SBRG common stock is owned of
record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in common, such
demand must be executed by or for all joint owners. An authorized agent,
including one or two or more joint owners, may execute the demand for appraisal
for a stockholder of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner
or owners and expressly disclose the fact that, in executing the demand, he or
she is acting as agent for the record owner. A record owner, such as a broker,
who holds SBRG common stock as a nominee for others may exercise his or her
rights of appraisal with respect to the shares held for one or more beneficial
owners, while not exercising such right for other beneficial owners. In such
case, the written demand should set forth the number of shares as to which the
record owner dissents. Where no number of shares is expressly mentioned, the
demand will be presumed to cover all shares of SBRG common stock in the name of
such record owner.

        Within ten days after the merger, CKE must give written notice that the
merger has become effective to each stockholder of SBRG who filed a written
demand for appraisal and who did not vote in favor of the merger agreement. Any
stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of
mailing of the notice, demand in writing from CKE the appraisal of his or her
SBRG shares. Within 120 days after the merger, either CKE, or any SBRG
stockholder who has complied with Section 262, may file a petition in the
Delaware Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the SBRG
shares held by all stockholders entitled to appraisal. CKE does not presently
intend to file such a petition. Inasmuch as CKE has no obligation to file such a
petition, the failure of an eligible stockholder to do so within the period
specified could nullify such stockholder's previous written demand for
appraisal.

        If a petition for appraisal is duly filed by a stockholder and a copy is
delivered to CKE, CKE will then be obligated within 20 days of receipt of such
copy to provide the Court of Chancery with a duly verified list containing the
names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded an appraisal of their
shares and with whom agreement as to the value of such shares has not been
reached. After notice to such stockholders, the Court of Chancery is empowered
to conduct a hearing to determine those stockholders who have complied with
Section 262 and who have become entitled to appraisal rights.

        The Court of Chancery will then appraise the SBRG shares, determining
their fair value exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger. When the value is determined, the
Court will direct the payment by CKE of such value, with interest thereon,
simple or compound, if the Court so determines, to the stockholders entitled to
receive the same.

        Stockholders who are considering seeking an appraisal should bear in
mind that the fair value of their SBRG shares determined under Section 262 could
be more than, the same as, or less than the consideration they are to receive
pursuant to the merger agreement if they do not seek appraisal of their shares.

        Costs of the appraisal proceeding may be determined by the Court of
Chancery and assessed upon the parties by the court as the court deems equitable
in the circumstances.

        Failure to comply strictly with these procedures will cause the
stockholder to lose his or her appraisal rights. Consequently, any stockholder
who desires to exercise his or her appraisal rights is urged to consult a legal
advisor before attempting to exercise such rights.

PENDING LITIGATION

        CKE and SBRG are from time to time the subject of complaints or
litigation from customers alleging illness, injury or other food quality, health
or operational concerns. Adverse publicity resulting from such allegations may
materially adversely affect CKE and/or SBRG and its restaurants, regardless of
whether such allegations are valid or whether CKE and/or SBRG are liable. CKE
and SBRG also are the subject of complaints or allegations from employees and
franchisees from time to time. CKE and/or SBRG believe that the lawsuits, claims
and other legal matters to which they have become subject in the course of their
business are not material to their

business, financial condition or results of operations, but an existing or
future lawsuit or claim could result in an adverse decision against CKE and/or
SBRG that could have a material adverse effect on CKE's and/or SBRG's business,
financial condition and results of operations.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

        The merger will be accounted for using the "purchase" method in
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 "Business
Combinations". Accordingly, the assets and liabilities of SBRG will be recorded
on the books of CKE at their respective fair values at the effective time of the
merger, with the excess, if any, allocated to goodwill.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

        The following describes certain aspects of the proposed merger,
including material provisions of the merger agreement. Because this discussion
is a summary, it may not contain all of the information that is important to
you. To understand the merger fully, and for a more complete description of the
legal terms of the merger, you are urged to read the merger agreement carefully.
A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Appendix A to this document and is
incorporated by reference.

GENERAL

        In the merger, shares of SBRG common stock will be converted into the
right to receive merger consideration consisting of shares of CKE. For
information describing how the merger consideration will be determined, see "The
Merger -- Merger Consideration."

DISTRIBUTIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNEXCHANGED SHARES; TRANSFERS

        All shares of CKE common stock to be issued pursuant to the merger will
be deemed issued and outstanding as of the merger. If a dividend or other
distribution is declared by CKE in respect of the CKE common stock, the record
date for which is at or after the effective time of the merger, that declaration
will include dividends or other distributions in respect of all shares issuable
in the merger agreement. CKE's senior credit facility restricts cash dividends
payable by CKE to a fraction of CKE's net income. Therefore, CKE has not paid
dividends since May 2000. CKE does not anticipate that it will commence paying
cash dividends following the merger. No dividends or other distributions in
respect of the CKE common stock will be paid to any holder of any unsurrendered
SBRG stock certificate until such SBRG stock certificate is surrendered for
exchange in accordance with the merger agreement. Subject to applicable law,
following surrender of any such SBRG stock certificate, there will be issued
and/or paid to the holder of the certificates representing whole shares of CKE
common stock issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (1) at the time of
such surrender, the dividends or other distributions with a record date after
the effective time of the merger theretofore payable with respect to such shares
of CKE common stock and not paid, and (2) at the appropriate payment date, the
dividends or other distributions payable with respect to such whole shares of
CKE common stock with a record date after the effective time of the merger but
with a payment date subsequent to surrender. Neither SBRG, CKE nor the exchange
agent or any other person will be liable to any former holder of shares of SBRG
common stock for any amount delivered in good faith to a public official
pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

        The merger agreement provides that the Certificate of Incorporation and
By-laws of the wholly-owned subsidiary of CKE which will be merged with and
into SBRG as in effect immediately prior to the merger will continue to be the
Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the surviving corporation after the
merger.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

        The merger agreement contains customary reciprocal representations and
warranties of CKE and SBRG as to, among other things:

        -   due organization and good standing;

        -   corporate authority to enter into the merger agreement and related
            matters;

        -   absence of conflicts with organizational documents and material
            agreements;

        -   capitalization;

        -   necessary regulatory approvals;

        -   reports filed with the SEC;

        -   financial statements;

        -   undisclosed liabilities;

        -   absence of certain changes;

        -   transactions with affiliates;

        -   litigation;

        -   tax matters;

        -   employee benefit matters;

        -   compliance with laws;

        -   environmental matters; and

        -   financial advisors.

None of the representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement
will survive the merger.

CONCEPT OF "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT"

        Many of the representations and warranties included in the merger
agreement are qualified by the concept of "material adverse effect." The concept
of material adverse effect also applies to some of the covenants and conditions
to the merger described under "-- Certain Covenants" and "-- Conditions to the
Merger" below. For purposes of the merger agreement, the concept of "material
adverse effect" means a material adverse effect on the financial condition,
business or results of operations of CKE or SBRG, as the case may be, taken as a
whole, other than effects caused by:

        -   changes in general economic or securities markets conditions;

        -   changes in interest rate levels;

        -   in the case of SBRG, the identity of CKE as the acquiring company or
            CKE's conduct with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
            merger agreement prior to the merger;

        -   in the case of CKE, the identity of SBRG as the acquired company or
            SBRG's conduct with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
            merger agreement prior to the merger; or

        -   the public announcement of the transactions contemplated by the
            merger agreement.

CERTAIN COVENANTS

        CONDUCT OF SBRG'S BUSINESS PRIOR TO THE MERGER. SBRG has agreed that
after the date of the merger agreement and prior to the merger it will conduct
its businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course consistent with
past practice and will use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact
its business

organization, maintain in effect all material licenses, approvals and
authorizations, and preserve existing relationships with its key employees, key
agents, material customers, lenders, suppliers and others having material
business relationships with SBRG.

        Specifically, SBRG has agreed that without the prior written consent of
CKE (which consent cannot be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and except as
otherwise expressly contemplated by the merger agreement, it will not, and will
not permit its subsidiaries to:

        -   amend or modify their charter documents or by-laws;

        -   take any action that would prevent or materially impair the ability
            of SBRG to consummate the merger;

        -   split, combine or reclassify any shares of capital stock or declare,
            set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution in respect of
            its capital stock or the capital stock of any of its subsidiaries
            which are not wholly-owned, or redeem, repurchase or otherwise
            acquire any of its securities or the securities of any of its
            subsidiaries which are not wholly-owned;

        -   issue, deliver or sell any shares of its capital stock or any
            securities convertible into or exercisable for any such capital
            stock other than upon the exercise of stock options or warrants,
            pursuant to existing employee plans in accordance with their present
            terms or in fulfillment of its obligations to make matching
            contributions to participants in SBRG's employee stock purchase
            plan;

        -   incur any capital expenditures or any obligations or liabilities in
            respect thereof, except for those (a) contemplated by the capital
            expenditure budgets for SBRG and its subsidiaries, (b) incurred in
            the ordinary course of business, or (c) which are not otherwise
            described in clause (a) or (b) and which are not in excess of
            $250,000;

        -   except for acquisitions in the ordinary course of the investment
            activities of SBRG and its subsidiaries consistent with past
            practice, acquire any assets of, or equity interests in, any person
            or entity having a fair market value in excess of $100,000;

        -   sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any assets, other than
            (a) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
            practice, (b) equipment and property no longer used in the operation
            of SBRG's business, (c) the sale of a Timber Lodge restaurant
            located in Tucson, Arizona and (d) sales or other dispositions of
            assets related to discontinued operations;

        -   incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
            indebtedness or issue or sell any debt securities or rights to
            acquire any debt securities, or guarantee any debt securities of
            others or request any advances in respect of, or make any drawdowns
            on, any existing indebtedness which advance or drawdown exceeds
            $100,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate;

        -   amend, modify or terminate material agreements or arrangements or
            otherwise waive, release or assign any of their material rights,
            claims or benefits thereunder;

        -   other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
            practice, or as required by law or by an agreement existing on the
            date of the merger agreement, or as otherwise contemplated by the
            merger agreement, (a) increase the amount of compensation of any
            director or executive officer or make any increase in or commitment
            to increase any employee benefits, (b) adopt any severance program
            or grant any material severance or termination pay to any director,
            officer or employee of SBRG or any of its subsidiaries, (c) adopt or
            implement any employee retention program or other incentive
            arrangement not in existence on the date of the merger agreement,
            (d) adopt any additional employee benefit plan, or, other than in
            the ordinary course of business, make any material contribution to
            any existing employee benefit plan or (e) amend in any material
            respect any existing SBRG employee plan;

        -   change SBRG's methods of accounting in effect at December 28, 2000,
            except as required by changes in GAAP or by Regulation S-X of the
            SEC, as concurred in by its independent public accountants, or
            change SBRG's fiscal year;

        -   other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
            practice, make any tax election or enter into any settlement or
            compromise of any tax liability that in either case is material to
            the business of SBRG;

        -   pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claim, liability or obligation
            other than (a) for an amount of $100,000 or less, and (b) ordinary
            course repayment of indebtedness or payment of contractual
            obligations when due;

        -   take any action that would cause any of SBRG's representations and
            warranties in the merger agreement to become untrue in any material
            respect; and

        -   agree or otherwise commit to do any of the foregoing.

        CONDUCT OF CKE'S BUSINESS PRIOR TO THE MERGER. CKE has agreed that after
the date of the merger agreement and prior to the merger it will conduct its
businesses in all material respects in the ordinary course consistent with past
practice, and use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact, its
business organization, maintain in effect all material licenses, approvals and
authorizations, and except for the repayment or restructuring of indebtedness,
preserve existing relationships with its material customers, suppliers and
others having material business relationships with CKE.

        Specifically, CKE has agreed that without the prior written consent of
SBRG (which consent cannot be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and except as
otherwise expressly contemplated by the merger agreement, it will not, and will
not permit its subsidiaries to:

        -   amend or modify their charter documents or by-laws, except for
            amendment which do not have a material adverse effect as described
            under -- Concept of "Material Adverse Effect;"

        -   take any action that would prevent or materially impair the ability
            of CKE to consummate the merger;

        -   take any action that would cause any of CKE's representations and
            warranties in the merger agreement to become untrue in any material
            respect; and

        -   agree or otherwise commit to do any of the foregoing.

        NO SOLICITATION OF TRANSACTIONS.  Pursuant to the merger agreement:

        (a) SBRG has agreed that it will not, nor will it permit any of its
subsidiaries to, nor will it authorize or knowingly permit any officer,
director, employee, investment banker, attorney, accountant, agent or other
advisor or representative of SBRG or any SBRG subsidiary, directly or
indirectly, to:

        1. solicit, initiate or facilitate or encourage the submission of any
acquisition proposal (as defined below);

        2. engage in any negotiations regarding, or furnish to any person or
entity any non-public information with respect to, or take any other action
knowingly to facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that
constitutes, or may be reasonably expected to lead to, any acquisition proposal;

        3. grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement
with respect to any class of SBRG's equity securities; or

        4. other than in the manner described in (c) below, enter into any
agreement with respect to any acquisition proposal.

        However, SBRG may take any of the actions described in clauses 1, 2, 3
or 4 above in respect of any person who makes an acquisition proposal, but only
if:

        -   SBRG's Board of Directors by a majority vote determines in its good
            faith judgment that either (x) such acquisition proposal constitutes
            a superior proposal, as defined below, and provides written

            notice of termination of the merger agreement between SBRG and CKE
            in the manner described in clause (c) below, or (y) such acquisition
            proposal could be reasonably expected to lead to a superior
            proposal; and

        -   prior to furnishing any non-public information to any person who
            makes an acquisition proposal, such person shall have entered into a
            confidentiality agreement with SBRG.

        For purposes of the merger agreement, an "acquisition proposal" means
any offer or proposal for, or indication of interest in, a merger,
consolidation, share exchange, business combination, reorganization,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction
involving, or any purchase or acquisition of, 25% or more of:

            - any class of equity securities of SBRG; or

            - the consolidated assets of SBRG and its subsidiaries;

        other than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement between
        SBRG and CKE.

        (b) Unless SBRG's Board of Directors has previously withdrawn, or is
concurrently therewith withdrawing, its recommendation that SBRG stockholders
vote to approve the merger, neither SBRG's Board of Directors nor any committee
of the Board of Directors may recommend any acquisition proposal to SBRG
stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in the merger
agreement will prevent SBRG's Board of Directors from complying with Rule 14e-2
under the Securities Exchange Act with respect to any acquisition proposal or
making any disclosure required by applicable law.

        SBRG will notify CKE promptly, but in no event later than 48 hours,
after receipt by SBRG or any of its subsidiaries (or any of their respective
directors, officers, agents or advisors) of any acquisition proposal. Similarly,
SBRG will notify CKE of any contacts concerning, or any request for non-public
information or for access to the properties, books or records of SBRG or any
SBRG subsidiary or any request for a waiver or release under any standstill or
similar agreement, by any person that has made an acquisition proposal or
indicates that it is considering making an acquisition proposal. This notice to
CKE will state the identity of the offeror and, if an acquisition proposal is
made, the material terms of the acquisition proposal. SBRG will keep CKE
reasonably informed of the status and material terms of any such acquisition
proposal.

        (c) SBRG may terminate the merger agreement at any time before the
merger agreement has been approved by a majority of the shares of SBRG common
stock outstanding if:

        -   SBRG's Board of Directors shall have authorized SBRG, subject to the
            terms and conditions of the merger agreement to enter into a binding
            agreement concerning a transaction that constitutes a superior
            proposal; and

        -   SBRG notifies CKE that it intends to enter into such an agreement,
            specifying the material terms and conditions of such agreement.

        In connection with the foregoing, SBRG has agreed that it will not
terminate the merger agreement if, within three business days of receiving
notice that SBRG intends to enter into an agreement for a superior proposal, CKE
makes an offer such that the board of directors of SBRG determines that the
superior proposal is no longer a superior proposal. SBRG is not permitted to
enter into another agreement during such three business day period. For purposes
of the merger agreement, a "superior proposal" means a written proposal made by
a person other than CKE which is (x) for a merger, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation,
dissolution or other similar transaction involving, or any purchase or
acquisition of 5% or more of (i) the SBRG common stock or (ii) the consolidated
assets of SBRG and its subsidiaries, and (y) otherwise on terms which SBRG's
Board of Directors by a majority vote determines in good faith, after
consultation with its investment advisors and outside legal counsel, would
result in a transaction, if consummated, that is more favorable to SBRG
stockholders from a financial point of view, than the transaction contemplated
by the merger agreement between SBRG and CKE.

        In making such determination, the SBRG Board of Directors is required to
take into account, among other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and
other aspects of the proposal, including conditions to consummation (which shall
not include a financing condition).

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

        MUTUAL CONDITIONS. The obligation of each of SBRG and CKE to effect the
merger is subject to, among other things, the satisfaction or waiver at or prior
to the merger of each of the following conditions:

        -   approval of the merger by the holders of more than 50% of the shares
            of CKE common stock voting in person or by proxy at the CKE special
            meeting;

        -   approval of the merger by the holders of more than 50% of the
            outstanding shares of SBRG common stock;

        -   the registration statement filed with the SEC under the Securities
            Act to register the shares of CKE common stock to be issued in the
            merger, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part,
            having been declared effective, and no stop order suspending the
            effectiveness of the registration statement having been issued, and
            no proceedings for that purpose having been initiated by the SEC and
            not concluded or withdrawn; and all state securities or "blue sky"
            authorizations necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated
            by the merger agreement having been obtained and being in effect;

        -   the expiration or termination of the waiting period applicable to
            the consummation of the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act
            without the imposition of any condition that either CKE or SBRG
            sell, divest or otherwise dispose of any assets or conduct its
            business in a manner which would reasonably be expected to have a
            material adverse effect on the combined company, taken as a whole,
            after giving effect to the merger;

        -   on the proposed date of the merger no governmental entity having
            issued any order, injunction or decree, or taken any other action,
            that is in effect and restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the
            consummation of the merger;

        -   CKE and SBRG having obtained or made all consents, approvals,
            actions, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations,
            announcements and filings contemplated by the merger agreement
            which, if not obtained or made, would render consummation of the
            merger illegal or would be reasonably likely to have a material
            adverse effect on the combined company, taken as a whole, after
            giving effect to the merger; and

        -   if required, CKE shall have obtained the consent of its lenders
            under its senior credit facility to the merger.

        ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF SBRG. In addition, the
obligations of SBRG to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following conditions:

        -   CKE shall have performed in all material respects all of its
            obligations under the merger agreement required to be performed by
            it at or prior to the merger, and the representations and warranties
            of CKE contained in the merger agreement shall be true and correct
            when made and at and as of the time of filing of the certificate of
            merger, as if made at and as of that time, except for such
            inaccuracies as would not be reasonably likely to have a material
            adverse effect on CKE;

        -   SBRG having received a written opinion from Christensen, Miller,
            Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil & Shapiro, LLP, its tax counsel (or other
            counsel acceptable to SBRG), to the effect that the merger will be
            treated for federal income tax purposes as a "reorganization" within
            the meaning of Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code; and

        -   since November 5, 2001 there shall not have occurred any change in
            the financial condition, business or operations of CKE that would be
            reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on CKE.

        ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF CKE. In addition, the
obligations of CKE to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following conditions:

        -   SBRG shall have performed in all material respects all of its
            obligations under the merger agreement required to be performed by
            it at or prior to the merger, and the representations and warranties
            of SBRG contained in the merger agreement shall be true and correct
            when made and at and as of the time of filing of the certificate of
            merger, as if made at and as of that time, except for such
            inaccuracies as would not be reasonably likely to have a material
            adverse effect on SBRG;

        -   since October 4, 2001 there shall not have occurred any change in
            the financial condition, business or operations of SBRG that would
            be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on SBRG; and

        -   in the event the SBRG stockholders have an appraisal, dissenters' or
            similar rights under applicable law, no more than 2% of the SBRG
            stockholders, determined as of the record date for the SBRG special
            meeting, shall have made an effective demand for exercise of their
            appraisal, dissenters' or similar rights under applicable law.

TERMINATION

        The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the merger,
whether before or after approval of the merger agreement by the SBRG
stockholders or the CKE stockholders:

        -   by mutual written agreement of SBRG and CKE;

        -   by either SBRG or CKE, if the merger has not been consummated by
            March 29, 2002 (which date may be extended by either party to June
            28, 2002 if all regulatory approvals have not been obtained or the
            waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act has not expired or
            been terminated; however, this right to terminate the merger
            agreement will not be available to a party whose breach of any
            obligations under the merger agreement has been the cause of the
            failure of obtaining such regulatory approvals prior to March 29,
            2002);

        -   by either SBRG or CKE, if there is any law or regulation that makes
            consummation of the merger illegal or otherwise prohibited, or if a
            court or other governmental entity having competent jurisdiction has
            issued a nonappealable final order enjoining CKE or SBRG from
            completing the merger; or

        -   by either SBRG or CKE, if the SBRG stockholders or the CKE
            stockholders have not approved the merger agreement as required.

        The merger agreement may be terminated by SBRG if:

        -   at any time prior to the approval of the merger agreement by the
            SBRG stockholders, SBRG's Board of Directors has determined to enter
            into an agreement for a superior proposal (see "-- Certain Covenants
            -- No Solicitation of Transactions" above); or

        -   at any time prior to the effective date of the merger, whether
            before or after the approval of the merger agreement by the SBRG
            stockholders or the CKE stockholders: (1) a breach of or failure to
            perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the
            part of CKE set forth in the merger agreement has occurred which
            would cause the conditions to SBRG's obligations to complete the
            merger not to be satisfied, and either these conditions are
            incapable of being satisfied by March 29, 2002 (or, if the
            termination date has been extended as described above, June 28,
            2002) or such breach or failure to perform has not been cured within
            ten days after notice of such breach or failure to perform has been
            given by SBRG to CKE; or (2) the average CKE share price falls below
            $6.25.

        The merger agreement may be terminated by CKE, if:

        -   the SBRG Board of Directors shall have amended, modified, withdrawn,
            conditioned or qualified its recommendation for approval of the
            merger by the stockholders of SBRG in a manner materially adverse to
            CKE; or

        -   at any time prior to the effective date of the merger, whether
            before or after the approval of the merger agreement by the SBRG
            stockholders or the CKE stockholders: (1) the SBRG Board of
            Directors shall have recommended any acquisition proposal to the
            SBRG stockholders, or failed to recommend that the SBRG stockholders
            vote to approve the merger; (2) a breach of or failure to perform
            any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of
            SBRG set forth in the merger agreement has occurred which would
            cause the conditions to CKE's obligations to complete the merger not
            to be satisfied, and either these conditions are incapable of being
            satisfied by March 29, 2002 (or, if the termination date has been
            extended as described above, June 28, 2002) or such breach or
            failure to perform has not been cured within ten days after notice
            of such breach or failure to perform has been given by CKE to SBRG;
            or (3) the average CKE share price is greater than $9.50.

        Neither SBRG nor CKE has determined at this time what it intends to do
if the average CKE share price falls below $6.25 or if the average CKE share
price is greater than $9.50 at closing, as applicable.

AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

        Any provision of the merger agreement may be amended or waived prior to
the merger in the case of an amendment, by SBRG and CKE, or, in the case of a
waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. However, no
such amendment or waiver shall be made after SBRG's stockholders approve the
merger, without the further approval of SBRG's stockholders, that would require
such approval under applicable law.

                RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND MATERIAL CONTRACTS

        CKE and SBRG share certain directors. Specifically, William P. Foley, II
serves as Chairman of the Board of both CKE and SBRG and Frank P. Willey and
Andrew F. Puzder are members of both CKE's and SBRG's Board of Directors. In
addition, Andrew F. Puzder is the Chief Executive Officer and President of CKE.
Mr. Puzder was also the Chief Executive Officer of SBRG from August 1997 to June
2000.

        In May 1995, CKE and SBRG entered into an initial agreement to offer The
Green Burrito menu at selected Carl's Jr. locations. In July 2000, this
agreement was terminated and was replaced by a new master franchise agreement,
which was subsequently amended in December 2000. Through this dual-branding
relationship, CKE is SBRG's largest franchisee. For SBRG's fiscal years ended
2000, 1999 and 1998 and the forty week periods ended October 4, 2001 and October
5, 2000, SBRG recognized franchise revenues generated from CKE dual-concept
franchise stores of $711,000, $837,000, $990,000, $337,000 and $559,000,
respectively. SBRG has a receivable balance at October 4, 2001 of $46,000,
related to royalty and franchise fee payments due from CKE.

        The CKE agreement with SBRG, as amended, provides for a new conversion
schedule which requires the conversion of a total of 233 Carl's Jr. restaurants
to Carl's Jr./Green Burrito dual-brand restaurants by the end of calendar 2002.
Additionally, CKE now directly manages the Green Burrito menu in CKE's
dual-branded stores and CKE franchise fee and royalties payable to SBRG have
been reduced. As of October 4, 2001, 109 Carl's Jr. company-operated locations
have been converted to Carl's Jr./Green Burrito dual concept restaurants. CKE is
required to pay an initial franchise fee for each restaurant opened and remit
royalties on The Green Burrito food sales to SBRG. At the end of fiscal 1996,
CKE elected to sub-franchise, and shortly thereafter began offering, the Carl's
Jr./Green Burrito dual-brand to our franchise community. As of October 4, 2001,
88 franchised Carl's Jr. restaurants have been converted to the Carl's Jr./Green
Burrito concept. CKE receives a portion of the fee for each franchise conversion
and royalties from CKE's franchisees' Green Burrito food sales.

        Pursuant to the Master Franchise Agreement between SBRG and CKE, CKE
assumed all operational support, training and other supervisory functions
related to CKE's dual-concept restaurants, in exchange for a

reduction of approximately 25% of the ongoing royalty fees and an approximate
65% reduction in franchise fees paid to SBRG by CKE.

        The initial term of the franchise agreements for CKE-owned locations is
15 years with a 10-year renewal period. The franchise agreements also allow for
an early termination on a per-store basis if royalties payable to SBRG for such
location are less than an average of $250 per month for any calendar year.

        On September 1, 1998, CKE sold 14 company-operated JB's Restaurants and
two Galaxy Diner restaurants to Timber Lodge Steakhouse, Inc. for 687,890 shares
of Timber Lodge common stock, which was converted into SBRG common stock in
connection with the merger of Timber Lodge and SBRG. That year, CKE also sold
its wholly owned subsidiary, JB's Restaurants, Inc., which consisted of the
remaining 48 company-operated JB's Restaurants and the JB's franchise system
together with four Galaxy Diner restaurants, to SBRG for one million shares of
SBRG common stock. During fiscal 2001, CKE sold its shares of SBRG to American
National Financial, Inc., an affiliate of Fidelity National Financial, Inc., and
therefore no longer holds an ownership interest in SBRG.

        In July 2001, the CKE's Board of Directors approved the adoption of CKE
Restaurants, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Loan Plan and the Non-Employee
Director Stock Purchase Loan Program. The purpose of the these programs is to
provide key employees and directors with further incentive to maximize
stockholder value. Program funds must be used to make private or open market
purchases of Company common stock through a broker-dealer designated by the
Company. All loans are full recourse and unsecured, and have a five-year term.
Interest accrues on the loans at a rate of 6.0% per annum, due at maturity.
However, in the event that the stock is sold, transferred or pledged, the
interest rate is adjusted to the prime rate plus 4%. These loans may be prepaid
anytime without penalty. Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement dated August
20, 2001, SBRG sold to certain participants in the programs 189,900 shares of
CKE common stock held by SBRG at a purchase price of $5.72 per share for an
aggregate purchase price of $1,086,228 and CKE provided the loans necessary for
such participants to purchase the CKE common stock from SBRG. Each of the
purchasers is an officer and/or director of CKE. Messrs. Foley, Willey and
Puzder were participants in the programs.

                        DESCRIPTION OF CKE CAPITAL STOCK

        The following description does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to CKE's Certificate of Incorporation and
By-laws and to the Delaware General Corporation Law.

GENERAL

        The authorized capital stock of CKE consists of 100,000,000 shares of
CKE common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.01 per share. As of December 17, 2001, there were 52,119,890
shares of CKE common stock outstanding, and no shares of CKE preferred stock
outstanding.

CKE COMMON STOCK

        The holders of CKE common stock are entitled to receive dividends, and
when declared by CKE's Board of Directors out of funds legally available
therefor, and may be paid in cash, stock or other property. CKE's senior credit
facility restricts cash dividends payable by CKE to a fraction of CKE's net
income. Therefore, CKE has not paid dividends since May 2000. CKE does not
anticipate that it will commence paying cash dividends following the merger. In
the event of the dissolution of CKE, holders of CKE common stock will share
ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and after providing
for any liquidation preference for any outstanding shares of preferred stock.
Each holder of CKE common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters presented for a vote at a stockholders meeting, including
the election of directors. Holders of CKE common stock have no cumulative voting
rights or preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any stock or other
securities, and there are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund
provisions with respect to such stock. Additional authorized shares of CKE
common stock may be issued without stockholder approval.

CKE PREFERRED STOCK

        The authorized but unissued shares of CKE preferred stock are available
for issuance from time to time at the discretion of CKE's Board of Directors
without stockholder approval. The CKE Board of Directors has the authority to
determine, for each series of CKE preferred stock it establishes, the number,
designation, preferences, limitations, and relative rights of the shares of such
series, subject to applicable law and the provisions of any then-outstanding
series of CKE preferred stock. The terms of any series of CKE preferred stock,
including the dividend rate, redemption price, liquidation rights, sinking fund
provisions, conversion rights and voting rights, and any corresponding effect on
other CKE stockholders, will be dependent largely on factors existing at the
time of issuance. Such terms and effects could include restrictions on the
payment of dividends on the CKE common stock if dividends on the CKE preferred
stock are in arrears, dilution of the voting power of other CKE stockholders to
the extent a series of CKE preferred stock has voting rights, and reduction of
amounts available for liquidation as a result of any liquidation preference
granted to any series of CKE preferred stock.

ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS

        Certain provisions of CKE's Certificate of Incorporation may make it
less likely that CKE's management would be changed, or someone would acquire
voting control of CKE, without the consent of the CKE Board of Directors. These
provisions may delay, deter or prevent tender offers or takeover attempts that
CKE's stockholders may believe are in their best interests, including tender
offers or takeover attempts that might allow CKE stockholders to receive a
premium over the market price of CKE common stock.

        TRANSACTIONS WITH INTERESTED STOCKHOLDERS. CKE's Certificate of
Incorporation prohibits certain business combinations between CKE and interested
stockholders, which include direct and indirect owners of 5% or more of the
voting stock of CKE and their affiliates, unless those transactions are approved
by holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock not owned by any
interested stockholders, voting together as a single class. Business
combinations requiring the 66 2/3% stockholder approval include:

        -   any merger or consolidation with an interested stockholder or a
            corporation affiliated with an interested stockholder;

        -   any sale, lease, pledge, exchange, mortgage or other transfer or
            disposition of CKE assets valued at 10% or more of the fair market
            value of CKE's consolidated assets to an interested stockholder or
            person or entity affiliated with an interested stockholder, other
            than in the ordinary course of business;

        -   the issuance, pledge or transfer by CKE of any CKE securities, or
            the securities of one or more of its subsidiaries, to an interested
            stockholder in exchange for consideration with a value of 10% or
            more of the fair market value of CKE's consolidated assets, unless
            such person is acting as an underwriter for such securities;

        -   any sale, lease, pledge, exchange, mortgage or other transfer or
            disposition of the assets of any interested stockholder or any
            person or entity affiliated with an interested stockholder with a
            value of 10% or more of the fair market value of the consolidated
            assets of CKE to CKE or one or more of its subsidiaries, other than
            in the ordinary course of business;

        -   any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by CKE of
            any stock of CKE to an interested stockholder, except (1) pursuant
            to the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable
            for, exchangeable for or convertible into CKE stock, (2) pursuant to
            a merger under Section 251(g) of the Delaware General Corporation
            Law, (3) pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made, or the
            exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for,
            exchangeable for or convertible into stock of CKE, (4) pursuant to
            an exchange offer by CKE to purchase stock made on the same terms to
            all holders of such stock, or (5) any issuance or transfer of stock
            by CKE provided there is not an increase to an interested
            stockholders proportionate share of the such stock;

        -   any transaction involving CKE which has the effect of increasing the
            proportionate share of the stock of any class or series, or
            securities convertible into the stock of any class or series, of CKE

            which is owned by an interested stockholder, except as a result of
            immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a
            result of any purchase or redemption of any shares of stock not
            caused by an interested stockholder; and

        -   any receipt by an interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or
            indirectly of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other
            financial benefits, other than as specified above, provided by or
            through CKE.

        However, if 66 2/3% of the directors approve the business combination,
the 66 2/3% stockholder approval requirement does not apply.

        PREFERRED STOCK MAY BE ISSUED WITHOUT STOCKHOLDER APPROVAL. CKE's
Certificate of Incorporation permits its Board of Directors, at any time and
without stockholder approval, to issue one or more new series of preferred
stock. In some cases, the issuance of preferred stock without stockholder
approval could discourage or make more difficult attempts to take control of CKE
through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Preferred stock with
special voting rights or other features issued to persons favoring CKE's then
existing management could stop a takeover by preventing the person trying to
take control of CKE from acquiring the voting shares necessary to take control.

        CLASSIFIED BOARD OF DIRECTORS. Members of the CKE Board of Directors are
divided into three classes and serve staggered three-year terms. This means that
only approximately one-third of the directors are elected at each annual meeting
of stockholders, and that it would take two years to replace a majority of the
directors by means of such elections. Under CKE's Certificate of Incorporation,
directors can be removed from office during their terms only if holders of at
least 50% of the outstanding voting stock, voting together as one class, approve
the removal. Holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock, voting
together as a single class, must approve any proposal to amend, repeal or adopt
any provisions inconsistent with this provision.

        RESTRICTION ON STOCKHOLDER ACTIONS BY WRITTEN CONSENT. CKE's Certificate
of Incorporation provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by
CKE's stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting
of stockholders and not by written consent. Special meetings of stockholders may
be called only by the Board of Directors. Holders of at least 66 2/3% of CKE's
outstanding voting stock, voting together as one class, must approve any
proposal to amend, repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with these
provisions.

        ADVANCE NOTICE OF REQUIREMENTS FOR DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS AND STOCKHOLDER
PROPOSALS. CKE's stockholders can nominate candidates for the Board of
Directors. However, stockholders must follow the advance notice procedures
described in the CKE By-laws. In general, a stockholder must submit a written
notice of the nomination to CKE's Corporate Secretary at least 90 days before a
scheduled annual meeting of stockholders, or by the seventh day following the
first public announcement of the date of such meeting. The notice must set forth
specific information about the nominee for the Board of Directors and
stockholder making the nomination.

        Stockholders can make proposals relating to other business of CKE to be
considered at an annual meeting only pursuant to the advance notice procedures
described in the CKE By-laws. In general, a stockholder must submit a written
notice of the proposal and the stockholder's interest in the proposal at least
90 days before the date set for the annual meeting, or by the seventh day
following the first public announcement of the date of such meeting.

        DIRECTORS' ABILITY TO AMEND BY-LAWS. Under the CKE By-laws, CKE's Board
of Directors can adopt, amend or repeal by-laws subject to limitations imposed
by Delaware law. However, pursuant to CKE's Certificate of Incorporation, the
Board of Directors may not amend or repeal by-law provisions relating to (1) the
calling of special meetings of stockholders, (2) actions by stockholders without
a meeting, (3) the election of directors, (4) business combinations and (5)
appraisal rights, without the vote of a majority of the directors and at least
66 2/3% of CKE's outstanding voting stock. CKE stockholders also have the power
to change or repeal provisions of the CKE By-laws, other than those enumerated
above requiring a special vote, by majority vote at an annual or special meeting
of stockholders.

        ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED SHARES OF CAPITAL STOCK. CKE's Board of Directors
may issue additional shares of authorized CKE common stock available for
issuance, in addition to their ability to issue preferred stock as discussed
above, at such times, under such circumstances and with such terms and
conditions as the Board of Directors may determine to impede a change in control
of CKE.

                    COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SBRG STOCKHOLDERS
                              AND CKE STOCKHOLDERS

        Upon the exchange of their shares for shares of CKE common stock
pursuant to the merger, holders of SBRG common stock will become holders of CKE
common stock, and their rights will be governed by Delaware law and by CKE's
Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws. Because both CKE and SBRG are
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, the material differences
between the rights of holders of SBRG common stock and the rights of holders of
CKE common stock result solely from differences in their governing corporate
documents, as summarized below.

        Copies of the SBRG Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws and the CKE
Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws are incorporated herein by reference
and will be sent to stockholders upon request. See "Where You Can Find More
Information."

AUTHORIZED STOCK

        The SBRG Certificate of Incorporation provides for authorized stock
consisting of 50,000,000 shares of SBRG common stock, par value $0.08 per share,
and no shares of preferred stock.

        The CKE Certificate of Incorporation provides for authorized stock
consisting of 100,000,000 shares of CKE common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
and 5,000,000 shares of CKE preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.

ELECTION AND SIZE OF BOARD OF DIRECTORS

        The SBRG By-laws provide that SBRG may have not less than three and no
more than ten directors. The current SBRG Board of Directors is composed of
seven directors.

        The CKE By-laws fix the number of directors at nine and provide that
such number may be increased or decreased from time to time by a resolution
adopted by the CKE board of directors. The current CKE Board of Directors is
composed of nine directors.

REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

        Any director or the entire SBRG Board of Directors may be removed from
office, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of more
than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote
in the election of directors. Delaware law permits classified boards of
directors, however SBRG does not currently have a classified board. In the event
that SBRG later classifies its board, Delaware law provides that stockholders
could remove the directors only for cause.

        The CKE Certificate of Incorporation provides that, subject to the
rights of holders of any series of preferred stock, any director or the entire
CKE Board of Directors may be removed from office only with cause and only by
the affirmative vote of the holders of more than 50% of the combined voting
power of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election of
directors.

AMENDMENTS TO CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

        Under Delaware law, unless a higher vote is required by a corporation's
certificate of incorporation, an amendment to the certificate of incorporation
must be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares and a majority of the
outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote upon the proposed amendment.

        The SBRG Certificate of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of SBRG to amend
SBRG's Certificate of Incorporation.

        The CKE Certificate of Incorporation requires the holders of at least 66
2/3% of the outstanding voting stock and the vote of a majority of the
directors, to approve any proposal to amend, repeal or adopt any provisions
inconsistent with those provisions of the CKE Certificate of Incorporation
governing the calling of special meetings of stockholders, actions by
stockholders without a meeting, the election of the directors, business
combinations and appraisal rights. For all other provisions of CKE's Certificate
of Incorporation, amendments require the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the outstanding voting securities of CKE. See "Description of CKE
Capital Stock -- Anti-Takeover Provisions."

AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

        Delaware law provides that a corporation's by-laws may be amended by
that corporation's stockholders, or, if so provided in its certificate of
incorporation, the corporation's directors.

        Under the SBRG By-laws, SBRG's Board of Directors and stockholders can
adopt, amend or repeal by-laws subject to limitations imposed by Delaware law.

        Under the CKE By-laws, CKE's Board of Directors can adopt, amend or
repeal by-laws subject to limitations imposed by Delaware law. However, pursuant
to CKE's Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may not amend or
repeal by-law provisions relating to (1) the calling of special meetings of
stockholders, (2) actions by stockholders without a meeting, (3) the election of
directors, (4) business combinations and (5) appraisal rights, without the vote
of a majority of the directors and at least 66 2/3% of CKE's outstanding voting
stock. CKE stockholders also have the power to change or repeal provisions of
the CKE By-laws, other than those enumerated above requiring a special vote, by
majority vote at an annual or special meeting of stockholders.

VOTE ON EXTRAORDINARY CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS

        Delaware law provides that, unless otherwise specified in a
corporation's certificate of incorporation, a sale or other disposition of all
or substantially all of the corporation's assets, a merger or consolidation of
the corporation with another corporation or a dissolution of the corporation
requires the affirmative vote of the board of directors (except in certain
limited circumstances) plus, with certain exceptions, the affirmative vote of a
majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote thereon.

        The SBRG Certificate of Incorporation does not contain vote requirements
for extraordinary corporate transactions in addition to or different from the
approvals mandated by law.

        The CKE Certificate of Incorporation does not contain vote requirements
for extraordinary corporate transactions in addition to or different from the
approvals mandated by law, except with respect to business combinations with
interested stockholders, which require the affirmative vote of the holders of
not less than 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting securities of CKE. See
"Description of CKE Capital Stock -- Anti-Takeover Provisions."

SECTION 203 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

        In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents an "interested stockholder"
(defined generally as a person who owns 15% or more of a corporation's
outstanding voting stock, with the exception of any person who owned and has
continued to own shares in excess of the 15% limitation since December 23, 1987)
from engaging in a "business combination" with a Delaware corporation for three
years following the date such person became an interested stockholder. The term
"business combination" includes mergers or consolidations with an interested
stockholder and certain other transactions with an interested stockholder.

        The effects of Section 203 may be avoided if: (1) before such person
became an interested stockholder, the board of directors of the corporation
approved either the business combination or the transaction in which the
interested stockholder became an interested stockholder; (2) upon consummation
of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder, the stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the
corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding shares
held by directors who are also officers of the corporation and by employee stock
ownership plans that do not provide employees with the right to determine
confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a
tender or exchange offer); or (3) on or following the date on which such person
became an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by the
board of directors of the corporation and authorized at an annual or special
meeting of stockholders (and not by written consent) by the affirmative vote of
the stockholders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation not owned by the interested stockholder.

        SBRG is subject to the provisions of Section 203.

        CKE opted out of, and is not governed by the provisions of, Section 203.

                                  LEGAL MATTERS

        The validity of the shares of CKE common stock to be issued to SBRG
stockholders pursuant to the merger will be passed upon by Stradling Yocca
Carlson & Rauth, a Professional Corporation, Newport Beach, California.
Christensen, Miller, Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil & Shapiro, LLP, will deliver an
opinion concerning certain federal income tax consequences of the merger.

                                     EXPERTS

        The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule
of CKE as of January 31, 2001 and 2000 and for each of the years in the
three-year period ended January 31, 2001 have been incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus in reliance upon the report of KPMG LLP,
independent accountants, upon the authority of such firm as experts in
accounting and auditing.

        The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule
of SBRG and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and for each of the
years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2000, have been included in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus in Appendix E in reliance upon the report
of KPMG LLP, independent accountants, appearing in Appendix E, upon the
authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

                              STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

        Stockholder proposals intended to be presented at the 2002 annual
meeting of stockholders of CKE must be received by the corporate secretary of
CKE by __________ ___, 2002 for inclusion in the proxy materials for that
meeting.

        Any CKE stockholder who intends to present a proposal at CKE's next
annual meeting of stockholders must deliver or mail a notice to CKE's corporate
secretary, together with a brief description of the business desired to be
brought before the meeting. If the stockholder's notice is not timely given, CKE
may exercise discretionary voting with respect to the proxies to be solicited by
CKE's Board of Directors and delivered to CKE in connection with that meeting.
To be timely, this notice must be received at CKE's principal executive offices
not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the meeting, if at least 70
days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the

meeting is given or made to CKE's stockholders. Otherwise, the stockholder's
notice will be timely if received not later than the close of business on the
tenth day following the date on which notice of the date of the next annual
meeting is mailed or such public disclosure was made.

        Because of the special meeting of stockholders being held to consider
the merger, and because after the merger SBRG stockholders will become CKE
stockholders, SBRG does not intend to hold an annual meeting of stockholders in
2002. If the merger does not occur, however, the Board of Directors of SBRG will
call for an annual meeting of stockholders to conduct regular business, and
stockholder proposals intended to be presented at the 2002 annual meeting of
stockholders of SBRG must have been received by the corporate secretary of SBRG
by ___________ _____, 2002 for inclusion in the proxy materials for that
meeting.

                       WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

        CKE has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 to
register under the Securities Act the shares of CKE common stock to be issued to
SBRG stockholders pursuant to the merger. The registration statement, including
the exhibits and schedules attached thereto, contains additional relevant
information about CKE and CKE common stock. The rules and regulations of the SEC
allow us to omit certain information included in the registration statement from
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. In addition, attached hereto as Appendix
E is SBRG's Annual Report on Form 10-K and Form 10-K/A for the year ended
December 28, 2000 and attached hereto as Appendix F is SBRG's Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 4, 2001.

        CKE and SBRG file reports, proxy statements and other information with
the SEC. You may read and copy any reports, proxy statements and other
information we file at the following locations of the SEC:

               Public Reference Room           Chicago Regional Office
               450 Fifth Street, N.W.              Citicorp Center
                     Room 1024                 500 West Madison Street
               Washington, D.C. 20549                 Suite 1400
                                             Chicago, Illinois 60661-2511

        You may also obtain copies of this information by mail from the Public
Reference Section of the SEC, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Room 1024, Washington,
D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. Further information on the operation of the
SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. can be obtained by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an internet world wide web site
that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers,
such as CKE and SBRG, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that
site is http://www.sec.gov.

        You can also inspect reports, proxy statements and other information
about CKE at the offices of the NYSE, 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.

        The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information into this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, which means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with
the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded by
information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set forth below,
and any amendments to those documents, that we have previously filed with the
SEC. These documents contain important information about our companies:

CKE SEC FILINGS                          PERIOD OR DATE FILED
- ---------------                          --------------------

(File No. 1-11313)

Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended   Year ended January 29, 2001

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as       Quarterly Periods ended May 21, 2001,
amended                                  August 13, 2001 and November 5, 2001

Current Reports on Form 8-K              Filed on March 20, 2001

Definitive Additional Proxy Material     Filed on November 19, 2001,
on Form DEFA14A                          December 6, 2001 and December 21, 2001

Description of CKE common stock,         Filed on April 8, 1994
par value $0.01 per share, in the
CKE registration statement on
Form 8-A12B, including any amendment
or report filed for the purpose of
updating such description

SBRG SEC FILINGS                         PERIOD OR DATE FILED
- ----------------                         --------------------

(File No. 1-10576)
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended   Year ended December 28, 2000

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q           Quarterly Periods ended April 19, 2001,
                                         July 12, 2001 and October 4, 2001

Definitive Additional Proxy Material     Filed on November 19, 2001 and
on Form DEFA14A                          December 21, 2001

Description of SBRG common stock, par    Filed on July 7, 1990
value $0.08 per share, contained in
the SBRG registration statement filed
on Form 8-A12B, including any
amendment or report filed with the SEC
for the purpose of updating such
description

        CKE and SBRG also incorporate herein by reference additional documents
that either company may file with the SEC between the date of this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus and the date of the CKE special meeting or the SBRG
special meeting, as applicable. These documents include periodic reports, such
as Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current
Reports on Form 8-K, as well as proxy statements.

        CKE has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference
in this document relating to CKE, and SBRG has supplied all such information
relating to SBRG.

        You can obtain any of the documents incorporated by reference in this
document from CKE or SBRG, as the case may be, or from the SEC through the SEC's
web site at the address provided above. Documents incorporated by reference are
available from the companies without charge, excluding any exhibits to those
documents unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference as an
exhibit in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You can obtain documents
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by requesting
them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at the following
addresses:

CKE Restaurants, Inc.                       Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc.
3916 State Street, Suite 300                3938 State Street, Suite 200
Santa Barbara, California  93105            Santa Barbara, California  93105
Attention: Dennis J. Lacey,                 Attention: Corporate Secretary
           Chief Financial Officer          Phone number: (805) 563-3644
Phone number: (714) 774-5796

        If you would like to request documents from CKE, please do so by
_________ ____, 2002 to receive them before the CKE special meeting. If you
would like to request documents from SBRG, please do so by _______ ___, 2002 to
receive them before the SBRG special meeting.

        YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED OR INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS TO VOTE ON THE MERGER. WE
HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT
FROM WHAT IS CONTAINED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. THIS JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS DATED ____________ _____, 2002. YOU SHOULD NOT
ASSUME THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/ PROSPECTUS
IS ACCURATE AS OF ANY DATE OTHER THAN SUCH DATE, AND NEITHER THE MAILING OF THE
JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS TO STOCKHOLDERS NOR THE ISSUANCE OF CKE COMMON
STOCK IN THE MERGER SHALL CREATE ANY IMPLICATION TO THE CONTRARY.

                                                                      APPENDIX A

                                                                  EXECUTION COPY

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                          DATED AS OF DECEMBER 20, 2001

                                 BY AND BETWEEN

                              CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.

                                       AND

                      SANTA BARBARA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC.

                                

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

ARTICLE I        DEFINITIONS ............................................     1
   Section 1.1     Definitions ..........................................     1

ARTICLE II       THE MERGER .............................................     6
   Section 2.1     The Merger Sub .......................................     6
   Section 2.2     The Merger ...........................................     6
   Section 2.3     Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the
                   Surviving Corporation ................................     6
   Section 2.4     Board of Directors of the Surviving Corporation ......     6

ARTICLE III      CONVERSION OF SECURITIES AND RELATED MATTERS ...........     7
   Section 3.1     Conversion of Capital Stock ..........................     7
   Section 3.2     Fractional Shares; Adjustments .......................     7
   Section 3.3     Exchange of Certificates .............................     8
   Section 3.4     SBRG Stock Options and Warrants ......................     9
   Section 3.5     Section 3.5 Shares of Dissenting Stockholders ........    11

ARTICLE IV       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SBRG .................    11
   Section 4.1     Corporate Existence and Power ........................    11
   Section 4.2     Corporate Authorization ..............................    11
   Section 4.3     Governmental Authorization ...........................    11
   Section 4.4     Non-Contravention ....................................    12
   Section 4.5     Capitalization .......................................    12
   Section 4.6     Subsidiaries .........................................    13
   Section 4.7     The SBRG SEC Documents ...............................    13
   Section 4.8     Financial Statements .................................    14
   Section 4.9     No Material Undisclosed Liabilities ..................    14
   Section 4.10    Information to Be Supplied ...........................    14
   Section 4.11    Absence of Certain Changes ...........................    15
   Section 4.12    Transactions with Affiliates .........................    15
   Section 4.13    Litigation ...........................................    15
   Section 4.14    Taxes ................................................    15
   Section 4.15    Employees and Employee Benefits ......................    16
   Section 4.16    Compliance with Laws .................................    17
   Section 4.17    Directors' and Officers' Insurance Policies ..........    17
   Section 4.18    Environmental Matters ................................    17
   Section 4.19    Finders' Fees; Opinion of Financial Advisor ..........    18
   Section 4.20    Required Vote; Board Approval ........................    18
   Section 4.21    State Takeover Statutes ..............................    18

ARTICLE V        REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CKE ..................    19
   Section 5.1     Corporate Existence and Power ........................    19
   Section 5.2     Corporate Authorization ..............................    19
   Section 5.3     Governmental Authorization ...........................    19
   Section 5.4     Non-Contravention ....................................    19
   Section 5.5     Capitalization of CKE ................................    20
   Section 5.6     Subsidiaries .........................................    20
   Section 5.7     CKE SEC Documents ....................................    21
   Section 5.8     Financial Statements .................................    21
   Section 5.9     No Material Undisclosed Liabilities ..................    21
   Section 5.10    Information to Be Supplied ...........................    22
   Section 5.11    Absence of Certain Changes ...........................    22
   Section 5.12    Transactions with Affiliates .........................    23
   Section 5.13    Litigation ...........................................    23

                                        i

                                
                                   (continued)

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

   Section 5.14    Taxes ................................................    23
   Section 5.15    Employees and Employee Benefits ......................    24
   Section 5.16    Compliance with Laws .................................    25
   Section 5.17    Directors' and Officers' Insurance Policies ..........    25
   Section 5.18    Environmental Matters ................................    25
   Section 5.19    Finders' Fees; Opinion of Financial Advisor ..........    25
   Section 5.20    Required Vote; Board Approval ........................    26
   Section 5.21    State Takeover Statutes ..............................    26

ARTICLE VI       COVENANTS OF SBRG ......................................    26
   Section 6.1     SBRG Interim Operations ..............................    26
   Section 6.2     Stockholder Meeting ..................................    28
   Section 6.3     Acquisition Proposals; Board Recommendation ..........    28

ARTICLE VII      COVENANTS OF CKE .......................................    30
   Section 7.1     CKE Interim Operations ...............................    30
   Section 7.2     Stockholder Meeting ..................................    30
   Section 7.3     Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance ...........    30
   Section 7.4     Stock Exchange Listing ...............................    31

ARTICLE VIII     COVENANTS OF CKE AND SBRG ..............................    31
   Section 8.1     Reasonable Best Efforts ..............................    31
   Section 8.2     Certain Filings; Cooperation in Receipt of
                   Consents .............................................    32
   Section 8.3     Public Announcements .................................    33
   Section 8.4     Access to Information; Notification of
                   Certain Matters ......................................    34
   Section 8.5     Further Assurances ...................................    34
   Section 8.6     Tax Matters ..........................................    34
   Section 8.7     Control of Other Party's Business ....................    35
   Section 8.8     Affiliate Letters ....................................    35

ARTICLE IX       CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER ...............................    35
   Section 9.1     Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party ..........    35
   Section 9.2     Conditions to the Obligations of SBRG ................    36
   Section 9.3     Conditions to the Obligations of CKE .................    36

ARTICLE X        TERMINATION ............................................    37
   Section 10.1    Termination ..........................................    37
   Section 10.2    Effect of Termination ................................    38
   Section 10.3    Expenses .............................................    38

ARTICLE XI       INDEMNIFICATION ........................................    39
   Section 11.1    Liability for Breach of Representations and
                   Warranties, etc ......................................    39

ARTICLE XII      MISCELLANEOUS ..........................................    39
   Section 12.1    Survival .............................................    39
   Section 12.2    Notices ..............................................    39
   Section 12.3    Amendments; No Waivers ...............................    40
   Section 12.4    Successors and Assigns ...............................    40
   Section 12.5    Governing Law ........................................    40
   Section 12.6    Counterparts; Effectiveness; Third Party
                   Beneficiaries ........................................    40
   Section 12.7    Jurisdiction .........................................    40
   Section 12.8    Waiver of Jury Trial .................................    41
   Section 12.9    Enforcement ..........................................    41
   Section 12.10   Entire Agreement .....................................    41

                                       ii

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

      This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of December 20, 2001 (the
"Agreement"), is made and entered into by and among CKE Restaurants, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("CKE"), and Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("SBRG").

                                    RECITALS

      WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of CKE and SBRG each have determined that
a business combination between CKE and SBRG is advisable and in the best
interests of their respective companies and stockholders and presents an
opportunity for CKE and SBRG to achieve long-term strategic and financial
benefits, and accordingly have agreed to effect the merger provided for herein
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;

      WHEREAS, the transaction will be structured as a reverse triangular
merger, wherein a wholly owned subsidiary of CKE will be merged with and into
SBRG, with SBRG emerging as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of CKE;

      WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that the merger provided for herein
shall qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within
the meaning of Section 368 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "Code") (a
"368 Reorganization"); and

      WHEREAS, by resolutions duly adopted, the respective Boards of Directors
of CKE and SBRG have approved and adopted this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby;

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and of the
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows.

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   DEFINITIONS

      Section 1.1 Definitions.

            (a) As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings:

            "Acquisition Proposal" means any offer or proposal for, or
indication of interest in, a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other
similar transaction involving, or any purchase or acquisition of, twenty five
percent (25%) or more of (i) any class of equity securities of SBRG or (ii) all
or substantially all of the consolidated assets of SBRG and its Subsidiaries,
other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

            "Action" means any action, appeal, petition, plea, charge,
complaint, claim, suit, demand, litigation, arbitration, mediation, hearing,
inquiry, investigation or similar event, occurrence, or proceeding.

                                      A-1

            "Affiliate" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person,
directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled by, or under common control
with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term "Control"
(including the correlative terms "Controlling", "Controlled By" and "Under
Common Control With") means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

            "Average CKE Common Share Price" shall be determined on the second
trading day immediately prior to the date of the Effective Time (the
determination date) and shall mean the average of the daily closing sales prices
of a CKE Common Share (calculated to the nearest 0.0001) on the NYSE Composite
Transactions Tape for the 10 consecutive trading days immediately preceding and
including the determination date (or, in the event that there is no trading of
CKE Common Shares on any day during the 10-trading-day period, for such lesser
number of days within such 10-trading-day period when CKE Common Shares are
traded).

            "Average SBRG Common Share Price" shall be determined on the second
day immediately prior to the Effective Time (the determination date) and shall
mean the average of the daily closing sales prices of the SBRG Common Shares
(calculated to the nearest 0.0001) on the NASDAQ Small Cap for the ten
consecutive trading days immediately preceding and including the determination
date (or, in the event that there is no trading of SBRG Common Shares on any day
during the 10-trading-day period, for such lesser number of days within such
10-trading-day period when SBRG Common Shares are traded).

            "Breach" means any breach, inaccuracy, failure to perform, failure
to comply, conflict with, default, violation, acceleration, termination,
cancellation, modification, or required notification.

            "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or one on
which banks are authorized by law to close in San Francisco, California.

            "CKE" is defined in the Introduction hereto.

            "CKE Balance Sheet" means CKE's consolidated balance sheet included
in the CKE 10-K relating to its fiscal year ended on January 29, 2001.

            "CKE Common Share" means one share of common stock of CKE, $0.01 par
value per share.

            "CKE SEC Documents" means (i) CKE's annual report on Form 10-K for
its fiscal year ended January 29, 2001 (the "CKE 10-K"), (ii) CKE's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q (the "CKE 10-Q") for its fiscal quarter ended November 5,
2001, (iii) CKE's proxy statement dated May 14, 2001, relating to the 2001
Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "CKE Proxy Statement"), and (iv) all other
reports, filings, registration statements and other documents filed by CKE with
the SEC since December 31, 2000.

            "CKE Senior Credit Facility" means the credit facility evidenced by
that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November
24, 1999, by and among CKE, Paribas, as agent, and the lenders from time to time
party thereto, as amended and modified from time to time, or any similar
replacement facility.

                                      A-2

            "DGCL" shall mean the Delaware General Corporation Code as in effect
from time to time.

            "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

            "Exchange Ratio" means one-half of one share of CKE Common Stock for
each whole share of SBRG Common Stock, as adjusted from time to time in
accordance with the terms hereof.

            "Governmental Entity" means any federal, state, municipal or local
governmental authority, any foreign or international governmental authority, or
any court, administrative or regulatory agency or commission or other
governmental agency.

            "Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus" means the joint proxy
statement/prospectus, including the Registration Statement and the proxy
statement for the CKE Stockholders Meeting and the SBRG Stockholders Meeting,
together with any amendments or supplements thereto.

            "knowledge" (and all correlative terms) as to any party means to the
knowledge of such party's executive officers or senior management identified on
Section 1.1 of that party's Disclosure Schedule.

            "Law" means all laws, statutes and ordinances and all regulations,
rules and other pronouncements of Governmental Entities having the effect of law
of the United States, any foreign country or any foreign or domestic state,
province, commonwealth, city, country, municipality, territory, protectorate,
possession or similar instrumentality or any Governmental Entity thereof.

            "Lien" means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge,
charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset;
provided, however, that the term "Lien" shall not include (i) liens for water
and sewer charges and taxes not yet due and payable or being contested in good
faith (and for which adequate accruals or reserves have been established by CKE
or SBRG, as the case may be) and (ii) mechanics', carriers', workers',
repairers', materialmen's, warehousemen's and other similar liens arising or
incurred in the ordinary course of business.

            "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, business or results of operations of a Person and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than (x) effects caused by (i) changes in
general economic or securities markets conditions, (ii) changes in interest rate
levels, (iii) (A) in the case of SBRG, the identity of CKE as acquiror of SBRG
or the conduct of CKE with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement prior to the Effective Time, or (B) in the case of CKE, the identity
of SBRG as the acquired party or the conduct of SBRG with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement prior to the Effective Time, or (iv)
the public announcement of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. "CKE
Material Adverse Effect" means a Material Adverse Effect in respect of CKE and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and "SBRG Material Adverse Effect" means a
Material Adverse Effect in respect of SBRG and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole.

            "Merger Shares" means each SBRG Common Share outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time (other than Dissenting Shares (as hereinafter
defined) and other than shares to be cancelled in accordance with Section 3.1(a)
hereof).

                                      A-3

            "Merger Sub" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.

            "NYSE" means the New York Stock Exchange.

            "Person" means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability
company, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or
organization, including any Governmental Entity.

            "Registration Statement" means the Registration Statement on Form
S-4 registering under the Securities Act the CKE Common Shares issuable in
connection with the Merger.

            "SBRG" is defined in the Introduction hereto.

            "SBRG Balance Sheet" means SBRG's consolidated balance sheet
included in the SBRG 10-K relating to its fiscal year ended on December 28,
2000.

            "SBRG Common Share" means one share of common stock of SBRG, $0.08
par value per share.

            "SBRG SEC Documents" means (i) the annual report on Form 10-K of
SBRG (the "SBRG 10-K") for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2000, (ii) the
quarterly report on Form 10-Q of SBRG (the "SBRG 10-Q") for the fiscal quarter
ended October 4, 2001, (iii) SBRG's proxy statement, dated July 11, 2001,
relating to the 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "SBRG Proxy
Statement"), and (iv) all other reports, filings, registration statements and
other documents filed by SBRG with the SEC since December 31, 2000.

            "SEC" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

            "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

            "Subsidiary" when used with respect to any Person, means any other
Person, whether incorporated or unincorporated, of which (i) more than fifty
percent of the securities or other ownership interests or (ii) securities or
other interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect more than
fifty percent of the board of directors or others performing similar functions
with respect to such corporation or other organization, is directly owned or
controlled by such Person or by any one or more of its Subsidiaries.

            "Superior Proposal" means a written proposal made by a Person other
than CKE which is (A) for a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business
combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other
similar transaction involving, or any purchase or acquisition of, five percent
(5%) or more of (i) any class of equity securities of SBRG or (ii) the
consolidated assets of SBRG and its Subsidiaries, and which is (B) otherwise on
terms which SBRG's Board of Directors by a majority vote determines in good
faith (after consultation with its investment advisors and outside legal
counsel) would result in a transaction, if consummated, that is more favorable
to SBRG's stockholders, from a financial point of view (taking into account,
among other things, all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the
proposal, including conditions to consummation (which shall not include a
financing condition)) than the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                      A-4

            (b) Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth
opposite such term:

                         Terms                            Section
                         -----                            -------

            368 Reorganization                       Recitals
            Burdensome Condition                     Section 8.1
            Certificate                              Section 3.3(b)
            Certificate of Merger                    Section 2.2(b)
            CKE Employee Plans                       Section 5.15(a)
            CKE GAAP Financial Statements            Section 5.8
            CKE Option                               Section 3.4(a)
            CKE Proxy Statement                      Section 1.1
            CKE Returns                              Section 5.14
            CKE Securities                           Section 5.5(b)
            CKE Stockholder Approval                 Section 5.20(a)
            CKE Stockholders Meeting                 Section 7.2
            CKE Warrant                              Section 3.4(b)
            Closing                                  Section 2.2(d)
            Code                                     Recitals
            Dissenting Shares                        Section 3.5(a)
            Effective Time                           Section 2.2(b)
            End Date                                 Section 10.1(b)(i)
            Environmental Laws                       Section 4.18(b)
            ERISA                                    Section 4.15(a)
            Exchange Agent                           Section 3.3(a)
            Exchange Fund                            Section 3.3(a)
            Extended End Date                        Section 10.1(b)(i)
            GAAP                                     Section 4.8
            HSR Act                                  Section 4.3
            Merger                                   Section 2.2(a)
            Merger Consideration                     Section 3.1(b)
            Merger Sub                               Section 2.1
            SBRG Employee Plans                      Section 4.15(a)
            SBRG ESPP                                Section 3.4(d)
            SBRG GAAP Financial Statements           Section 4.8
            SBRG Option                              Section 3.4(a)
            SBRG Proxy Statement                     Section 1.1
            SBRG Recommendation                      Section 6.2
            SBRG Returns                             Section 4.14
            SBRG Securities                          Section 4.5(b)
            SBRG Stockholder Approval                Section 4.20(a)
            SBRG Stockholders Meeting                Section 6.2
            SBRG Warrant                             Section 3.4(b)
            Surviving Corporation                    Section 2.2(a)
            Surviving Corporation By-laws            Section 2.3
            Surviving Corporation Certificate        Section 2.3

                                      A-5

                                   ARTICLE II

                                   THE MERGER

      Section 2.1 The Merger Sub. Prior to the Effective Date, CKE shall have
formed a Delaware corporation as its wholly-owned subsidiary (such corporation,
the "Merger Sub"). Prior to the Closing Date, CKE shall elect the boards of
directors and officers of the Merger Sub and cause the Merger Sub to take such
other actions as are necessary or required for the purposes of effecting the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      Section 2.2 The Merger.

            (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, and in accordance with the DGCL, Merger Sub shall be merged with and
into SBRG at the Effective Time (the "Merger"). At the Effective Time, (i) the
separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and (ii) SBRG shall
continue as the surviving corporation as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CKE
(the "Surviving Corporation").

            (b) Not later than the second Business Day after satisfaction or, to
the extent permitted hereby, waiver of the conditions set forth in Article IX
(other than conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing,
but subject to those conditions), SBRG and the Merger Sub will file a
certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware and make all other filings or recordings required by
the DGCL in connection with the Merger. The Merger shall become effective upon
the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware in accordance with the DGCL or at such later time which the parties
hereto shall have agreed upon and designated in such Certificate of Merger as
the effective time of the Merger (the "Effective Time").

            (c) From and after the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the
effects set forth in the DGCL.

            (d) The closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall be held at the
offices of Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth, 660 Newport Center Drive, Newport
Beach, California (or such other place as agreed by the parties) at 7:00 a.m.
California time on a date to be specified by the parties, which shall be no
later than the second Business Day after satisfaction or, to the extent
permitted hereby, waiver of the conditions set forth in Article IX (other than
conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject
to those conditions), unless the parties hereto agree to another date or time.

      Section 2.3 Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation. The certificate of incorporation of the Merger Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be certificate of incorporation
of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided
therein or by applicable law (as so amended, the "Surviving Corporation
Certificate"). The by-laws of the Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to
the Effective Time, shall be the by-laws of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law (as so
amended, the "Surviving Corporation By-laws").

      Section 2.4 Board of Directors of the Surviving Corporation. Prior to the
Effective Time, CKE shall cause the Merger Sub to adopt resolutions to
constitute the Board of Directors of the Merger Sub and committees thereof from
and after the Effective Time. From and after the Effective

                                      A-6

Time, the members of the Board of Directors, the committees of the Board of
Directors and the composition of such committees shall be as set forth on or
designated in accordance with the Surviving Corporation Certificate, the
Surviving Corporation By-laws and such resolutions until the earlier of the
resignation or removal of any individual set forth on or designated in
accordance with the Surviving Corporation Certificate, the Surviving Corporation
By-laws and such resolutions or until their respective successors are duly
elected and qualified, as the case may be, or until as otherwise provided in the
Surviving Corporation Certificate, the Surviving Corporation By-laws and such
resolutions.

                                  ARTICLE III

                  CONVERSION OF SECURITIES AND RELATED MATTERS

      Section 3.1 Conversion of Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue
of the Merger:

            (a) Each SBRG Common Share held by SBRG as treasury stock or owned
by CKE or any of its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
be cancelled, and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.

            (b) Subject to Section 3.5 hereof, each Merger Share shall be
cancelled and, at the Effective Time, shall be converted into the right to
receive consideration (the "Merger Consideration") consisting of a number of CKE
Common Shares equal to the Exchange Ratio and any payment for fractional shares
as provided in Section 3.2 hereof.

      Section 3.2 Fractional Shares; Adjustments.

            (a) No certificate or scrip representing fractional CKE Common
Shares shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of SBRG Common Stock, and
such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner thereof to vote or to
any other rights of a stockholder of CKE. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, each holder of SBRG Common Shares exchanged pursuant to the
Merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a CKE
Common Share (after taking into account all SBRG Common Shares delivered by such
holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount
equal to such fractional part of a CKE Common Share multiplied by the Average
CKE Common Share Price.

            (b) If at any time during the period between the determination date
of the Average CKE Common Share Price or the Average SBRG Common Share Price, as
applicable, and the Effective Time, any change in the outstanding shares of
capital stock of CKE or SBRG, as applicable, or securities convertible or
exchangeable into capital stock of CKE or SBRG, as applicable, shall occur by
reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split or combination,
exchange or readjustment of shares, or any dividend or distribution thereon
(other than regular quarterly cash dividends) or a record date with respect to
any of the foregoing shall occur during such period, the number of CKE Common
Shares constituting the Merger Consideration shall be appropriately adjusted to
provide to the holders of the CKE Common Shares and the SBRG Common Shares the
same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to the consummation
of such event.

                                      A-7

      Section 3.3 Exchange of Certificates.

            (a) Exchange Agent. Promptly after the date hereof, CKE shall
appoint a commercial bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to SBRG as an
exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the benefit of holders of SBRG Common
Shares. At or immediately prior to the Effective Time, CKE shall deposit with
the Exchange Agent, for exchange in accordance with this Section, through the
Exchange Agent, (i) certificates evidencing the total number of CKE Common
Shares to be issued in the Merger, and (ii) cash in the amount necessary to pay
amounts due pursuant to Section 3.2(a) and Section 3.5 (such certificates for
CKE Common Shares and such cash being hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange
Fund"). The Exchange Agent shall, pursuant to irrevocable instructions in
accordance with this Article III, deliver the CKE Common Shares and cash
contemplated to be issued pursuant to this Article III out of the Exchange Fund.
Except as contemplated by Section 3.3(e), Section 3.3(f) or Section 3.3(g)
hereof, the Exchange Fund shall not be used for any other purpose.

            (b) Exchange Procedures. As promptly as practicable after the
Effective Time, CKE shall send, or will cause the Exchange Agent to send, to
each holder of record of SBRG Common Shares that were converted into the right
to receive CKE Common Shares and cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant this
Article III, a letter of transmittal and instructions (which shall be in
customary form and specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and
title shall pass, only upon delivery of the SBRG Common Shares to the Exchange
Agent), for use in the exchange contemplated by this Section. Upon surrender of
a certificate representing SBRG Common Shares to the Exchange Agent (a
"Certificate"), together with a duly executed letter of transmittal, the holder
of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a
certificate representing that number of whole CKE Common Shares and cash which
such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the provisions of this Article
III (after giving effect to any required withholding tax). Until surrendered as
contemplated by this Section, each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after
the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive the Merger
Consideration and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, if any, as
provided in this Article III. If any portion of the Merger Consideration is to
be paid to a Person other than the Person in whose name the Certificate is
registered, it shall be a condition to such payment that the Certificate so
surrendered shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in proper form for
transfer and that the Person requesting such payment shall pay to the Exchange
Agent any transfer or other taxes required as a result of such payment to a
Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the
satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such tax has been paid or is not
payable. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to
be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by CKE, the posting by such Person
of a bond, in such reasonable amount as CKE may direct, as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange
Agent will deliver, in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate,
the proper amount of the Merger Consideration, together with any unpaid
dividends and distributions on any such CKE Common Shares, as contemplated by
this Article III.

            (c) Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares. Whenever a
dividend or other distribution is declared by CKE in respect of the CKE Common
Shares, the record date for which is at or after the Effective Time, that
declaration shall include dividends or other distributions in respect of all CKE
Common Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement. No dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to CKE
Common Shares constituting part of the Merger Consideration shall be paid to the
holder of any unsurrendered

                                      A-8

Certificate, and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares shall be paid to
any such holder, until such Certificate is surrendered as provided in this
Section. Following such surrender, there shall be paid, without interest, to the
Person in whose name the CKE Common Shares have been registered (i) at the time
of such surrender, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record
date at or after the Effective Time previously paid or payable on the date of
such surrender with respect to such whole CKE Common Shares, less the amount of
any withholding taxes that may be required thereon, and (ii) at the appropriate
payment date subsequent to surrender, the amount of dividends or other
distributions with a record date at or after the Effective Time but prior to
surrender and a payment date subsequent to surrender payable with respect to
such whole CKE Common Shares, less the amount of any withholding taxes which may
be required thereon.

            (d) No Further Ownership Rights in SBRG Common Shares. As of the
Effective Time, all SBRG Common Shares shall automatically be cancelled and
retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a Certificate representing
any such SBRG Common Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto,
except the right to receive, upon surrender of such Certificate, the Merger
Consideration. As of the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of SBRG shall
be closed and there shall be no further registration of transfers on SBRG's
stock transfer books of SBRG Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the
Surviving Corporation for any reason, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as
provided in this Section.

            (e) Return of Merger Consideration. Upon demand by CKE, the Exchange
Agent shall deliver to CKE any portion of the Merger Consideration deposited
with the Exchange Agent pursuant to this Section that remains undistributed to
holders of SBRG Common Shares one year after the Effective Time. Holders of
Certificates who have not complied with this Section prior to such demand shall
thereafter look only to CKE for payment of any claim to the Merger Consideration
and dividends or distributions, if any, in respect thereof.

            (f) No Liability. Neither CKE nor the Exchange Agent shall be liable
to any Person in respect of any SBRG Common Shares (or dividends or
distributions with respect thereto) for any amounts paid to a public official
pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

            (g) Withholding Rights. CKE shall be entitled to deduct and withhold
from the Merger Consideration (and any dividends or distributions thereon)
otherwise payable hereunder to any Person such amounts as it is required to
deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under any
provision of federal, state, local or foreign income tax law. To the extent that
CKE so withholds those amounts, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all
purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of SBRG Common
Shares in respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by CKE.

      Section 3.4 SBRG Stock Options and Warrants.

            (a) At the Effective Time, each option to purchase SBRG Common
Shares (each, a "SBRG Option") outstanding under any stock option or
compensation plan or arrangement of SBRG, whether or not vested or exercisable,
shall cease to represent a right to acquire SBRG Common Shares and shall be
converted into an option (each, a "CKE Option") to acquire, on the same terms
and conditions as were applicable under such SBRG Option, that number of CKE
Common Shares determined by multiplying the number of SBRG Common Shares subject
to such

                                      A-9

SBRG Option by the Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares of CKE Common
Shares resulting from such calculation being rounded down to the nearest whole
share, at a price per share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (x)
the aggregate exercise price for the SBRG Common Shares covered by such SBRG
Option divided by (y) the number of full CKE Common Shares covered by such CKE
Option in accordance with the foregoing.

            (b) At the Effective Time, each outstanding warrant to purchase SBRG
Common Shares (each, a "SBRG Warrant") outstanding, whether or not vested or
exercisable, shall cease to represent a right to acquire SBRG Common Shares and
shall be converted into a warrant (each, a "CKE Warrant") to acquire, on the
same terms and conditions as were applicable under such SBRG Warrant, that
number of CKE Common Shares determined by multiplying the number of SBRG Common
Shares subject to such SBRG Warrant by the Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares of CKE Common Shares resulting from such calculation being rounded down
to the nearest whole share, at a price per share (rounded up to the nearest
whole cent) equal to (x) the aggregate exercise price for the SBRG Common Shares
covered by such SBRG Warrant divided by (y) the number of full CKE Common Shares
covered by such CKE Warrant in accordance with the foregoing.

            (c) Each SBRG Option shall vest and become exercisable in its
entirety at the Effective Time.

            (d) Pursuant to the terms of SBRG's Employee Stock Purchase Plan
(the "SBRG ESPP"), participants may, through payroll deductions, purchase SBRG
Common Shares. The SBRG ESPP provides that SBRG will make matching contributions
to those participants who remain employed by SBRG through the date specified
therein. The SBRG ESPP provides that shares sold to participants may be treasury
shares, authorized but unissued shares or shares acquired in the open market.
From the date hereof through the Effective Time, SBRG shall continue to make the
matching contributions required by the SBRG ESPP. Following the Effective Time,
CKE shall cause the Surviving Corporation to make any matching contributions
required to be made pursuant to the terms of the SBRG ESPP and such
contributions shall be used to acquire CKE Common Shares. Other than as set
forth in this Section, CKE shall not be obligated to continue or maintain the
SBRG ESPP nor make any matching contributions to employees participating
therein.

            (e) Prior to the Effective Time, CKE and SBRG shall take all actions
(including, if appropriate, amending the terms of SBRG's stock option plans, the
SBRG ESPP and other compensation plans or arrangements) that are necessary to
give effect to the transactions contemplated by Sections 3.4(a) through (d).

            (f) At or prior to the Effective Time, CKE shall take all corporate
action necessary to reserve for issuance a sufficient number of CKE Common
Shares for delivery upon exercise of the CKE Options and the CKE Warrants. At
the Effective Time, CKE shall file a registration statement on Form S-8 (or any
successor form), with respect to the CKE Common Shares subject to such CKE
Options (and, if required, the SBRG ESPP), and shall use its reasonable best
efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement(s),
maintain the current status of the prospectus(es) contained therein and comply
with all applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws for so long as such CKE
Options (and, if required, the SBRG ESPP) remain outstanding.

                                      A-10

      Section 3.5 Shares of Dissenting Stockholders.

            (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, any
SBRG Common Shares that are outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
and that are held by SBRG stockholders who shall not have voted in favor of the
Merger and who shall have demanded properly in writing appraisal of such shares
in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL and who object to the Merger and
comply with all provisions of the DGCL concerning the right of such person to
dissent from the Merger and demand appraisal of such shares (collectively, the
"Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into or represent the right to
receive the Merger Consideration. Such stockholders shall be entitled to receive
the amounts determined in accordance with the provisions of such Section 262.
If, after the Effective Time, any such holder effectively withdraws the demand
for appraisal or fails to preserve such right to appraisal, in either case
pursuant to the DGCL, such Dissenting Shares shall thereupon be deemed to have
been converted into and to have become exchangeable for, as of the Effective
Time, the right to receive, without any interest thereon, the Merger
Consideration as to such shares.

            (b) Any payments relating to Dissenting Shares shall be made solely
by the Surviving Corporation, and SBRG shall not make any payment with respect
to, or settle or offer to settle with, the holders of Dissenting Shares without
the prior consent of CKE. SBRG shall give CKE prompt notice of any demands
received by SBRG for the payment of fair value for Dissenting Shares, and CKE
shall have the right to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to
Dissenting Shares.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SBRG

      Except as disclosed in (i) the SBRG Disclosure Schedule attached hereto or
(ii) the SBRG SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, SBRG represents and
warrants to CKE that:

      Section 4.1 Corporate Existence and Power. SBRG is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware, and has all corporate powers required to carry on its business as
now conducted. SBRG is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation
and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of the property
owned or leased by it or the nature of its activities makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect. SBRG has heretofore
made available to CKE true and complete copies of SBRG's certificate of
incorporation and by-laws as currently in effect.

      Section 4.2 Corporate Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance by SBRG of this Agreement and the consummation by SBRG of the
transactions contemplated hereby are within SBRG's corporate powers and, except
for the SBRG Stockholder Approval, have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action. Assuming that this Agreement constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of CKE, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of
SBRG, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws, now or hereafter in
effect, relating to or affecting creditors' rights and remedies and to general
principles of equity.

      Section 4.3 Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance by SBRG of this Agreement and the consummation by SBRG of the
transactions contemplated hereby

                                      A-11

require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Entity
other than (a) the filing of the Certificate of Merger in accordance with the
DGCL; (b) compliance with any applicable requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "HSR Act") or decrees thereunder
applicable to SBRG; (c) compliance with any applicable requirements of the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act; (d) such as may be required under any
applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws; (e) filings listed on Section
4.3 (e) of the SBRG Disclosure Schedule; (f) compliance with any applicable
Environmental Laws or state environmental property transfer laws; and (g) such
other consents, approvals, actions, orders, authorizations, registrations,
declarations and filings which, if not obtained or made, would not, individually
or in the aggregate, (x) be reasonably likely to have a SBRG Material Adverse
Effect, or (y) prevent or materially impair the ability of SBRG to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      Section 4.4 Non-Contravention. Except as set forth on Section 4.4 of the
SBRG Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance by SBRG of
this Agreement and the consummation by SBRG of the transactions contemplated
hereby do not and will not (a) contravene or conflict with SBRG's certificate of
incorporation or by-laws, (b) assuming compliance with the matters referred to
in Section 4.3, contravene or conflict with or constitute a violation of any
provision of any law, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding
upon or applicable to SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries, (c) constitute a breach
or default under or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or
acceleration of any right or obligation of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries or to
a loss of any benefit or status to which SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries is
entitled under any provision of any agreement, contract or other instrument
binding upon SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries or any license, franchise, permit
or other similar authorization held by SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries, or (d)
result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of SBRG or any of
its Subsidiaries other than, in the case of each of (b), (c) and (d), any such
items that would not, individually or in the aggregate (x) be reasonably likely
to have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect or (y) prevent or materially impair the
ability of SBRG to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      Section 4.5 Capitalization.

            (a) The authorized capital stock of SBRG consists of 50,000,000 SBRG
Common Shares and no shares of preferred stock. As of December 13, 2001, there
were outstanding (i) 12,841,538 SBRG Common Shares, (ii) stock options (or
binding obligations to issue stock options) to purchase an aggregate of up to
3,408,567 SBRG Common Shares, (iii) warrants (or binding obligations to issue
warrants) to purchase an aggregate of up to 3,015,000 SBRG Common Shares (of
which warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,015,000 SBRG Common Shares were
currently exercisable); and (iv) rights to purchase SBRG Common Shares pursuant
to the SBRG ESPP. All outstanding shares of capital stock of SBRG have been duly
authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.

            (b) As of the date hereof, except (i) as set forth in this Section,
(ii) for issuances of options pursuant to the SBRG Employee Plans in the
ordinary course of business which were approved unanimously by the Board of
Directors of SBRG and which have been heretofore disclosed to CKE, (iii) for
issuances of SBRG Common Shares since December 13, 2001 pursuant to the SBRG
ESPP in accordance with its present terms, (iii) for changes since December 13,
2001 resulting from the exercise of stock options and the SBRG Warrants, and
(iv) for the rights of directors and employees of SBRG and its Subsidiaries
pursuant to SBRG Employee Plans as in effect on the date hereof, there are no
outstanding (x) shares of capital stock or other voting securities of

                                      A-12

SBRG, (y) securities of SBRG convertible into or exchangeable for shares of
capital stock or voting securities of SBRG, and (z) options or other rights to
acquire from SBRG, and there is no obligation of SBRG to issue, any capital
stock, voting securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for
capital stock or voting securities of SBRG (the items in clauses (x), (y) and
(z) being referred to collectively as the "SBRG Securities"). There are no
outstanding obligations of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any SBRG Securities.

      Section 4.6 Subsidiaries.

            (a) Each Subsidiary of SBRG is a corporation duly incorporated or an
entity duly organized, and is validly existing and in good standing, under the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has all powers and
authority and all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and
approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted and is duly
qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction where the character of the property owned or leased by it or
the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, in each case
with such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, would not be
reasonably likely to have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect.

            (b) All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other
ownership interest in, each Subsidiary of SBRG has been validly issued and is
fully paid and nonassessable. All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other
ownership interest, which is owned, directly or indirectly, by SBRG in, each of
its Subsidiaries is owned free and clear of any Lien and free of any other
limitation or restriction (including any limitation or restriction on the right
to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other ownership
interests) with such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, would not
be reasonably likely to have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect. There are no
outstanding (i) securities of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into
or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or other voting
securities or ownership interests in any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) options,
warrants or other rights to acquire from SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries, and no
other obligation of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock,
voting securities or other ownership interests in, or any securities convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for any capital stock, voting securities or
ownership interests in, any of its Subsidiaries or (iii) obligations of SBRG or
any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
outstanding securities of any of its Subsidiaries or any capital stock of, or
other ownership interests in, any of its Subsidiaries.

      Section 4.7 The SBRG SEC Documents.

            (a) SBRG has made available to CKE the SBRG SEC Documents. SBRG has
filed all reports, filings, registration statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC since December 31, 1998. No Subsidiary of SBRG is
required to file any form, report, registration statement or prospectus or other
document with the SEC.

            (b) As of its filing date, each SBRG SEC Document complied as to
form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities
Act and/or the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

            (c) No SBRG SEC Document filed pursuant to the Exchange Act
contained, as of its filing date or mailing date, as applicable, any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in
order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the

                                      A-13

circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No SBRG SEC Document
filed pursuant to the Securities Act, as amended or supplemented, if applicable,
contained, as of the date such document or amendment became effective, any
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.

      Section 4.8 Financial Statements. The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of SBRG
included in the SBRG 10-K and the SBRG 10-Q (the "SBRG GAAP Financial
Statements") fairly present in all material respects, in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis ("GAAP")
(except as may be indicated in the notes thereto and except that the unaudited
interim financial statements may lack footnotes), the consolidated financial
position of SBRG and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and
their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods then
ended (subject to normal year-end adjustments in the case of any unaudited
interim financial statements).

      Section 4.9 No Material Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth in
Section 4.9 of the SBRG Disclosure Schedule, there are no liabilities of SBRG or
of any Subsidiary of SBRG of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent,
absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, in each case, that are required
by GAAP to be set forth on a consolidated balance sheet of SBRG, other than:

                  (i) liabilities or obligations disclosed or provided for in
the SBRG Balance Sheet or disclosed in the notes thereto;

                  (ii) liabilities or obligations incurred or arising after
December 28, 2000 and disclosed in the SBRG 10-Q or provided for in the SBRG
balance sheet (or notes thereto) included in the SBRG 10-Q;

                  (iii) liabilities or obligations incurred or arising in the
ordinary course of business after the date of the SBRG balance sheet included in
the SBRG 10-Q or arising under this Agreement or incurred in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby; and

                  (iv) other liabilities or obligations, which, individually or
in the aggregate, would not be reasonably likely to exceed $250,000.

      Section 4.10 Information to Be Supplied.

            (a) The information to be supplied in writing by SBRG expressly for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
will (i) in the case of the Registration Statement, at the time it becomes
effective, not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein not misleading and (ii) in the case of the remainder of
the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, at the time of the mailing thereof and at
the time of the SBRG Stockholders Meeting and the CKE Stockholders Meeting, not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply (with respect to
information relating to SBRG) as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

                                      A-14

            (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, SBRG makes no representation or
warranty with respect to any statements made or incorporated by reference in the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus based on information supplied in writing by CKE
expressly for use therein.

      Section 4.11 Absence of Certain Changes. Since December 28, 2000, except
as disclosed in the SBRG 10-Q or other filings by SBRG under the Exchange Act,
provided for in the financial statements (or notes thereto) included in the SBRG
10-Q, disclosed on Section 4.11 of the SBRG Disclosure Schedule, or as
contemplated by this Agreement, SBRG and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and there has not
been:

            (a) any action, event, occurrence, development, change in method of
doing business, or state of circumstances or facts that, individually or in the
aggregate, has had or would be reasonably likely to have a SBRG Material Adverse
Effect;

            (b) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
other distribution with respect to any SBRG Common Shares (other than regular
quarterly cash dividends) or any repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by
SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries of any outstanding shares of capital stock or
other securities of, or other ownership interests in, SBRG or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than any repurchases of SBRG Common Shares made prior to the
date hereof pursuant to SBRG's publicly announced stock repurchase programs);

            (c) any transaction or commitment made by, or any contract,
agreement or settlement entered into by, or any judgment, order or decree to
which SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries is a party which relates to its assets or
business (including without limitation the acquisition or disposition of any
assets) or any relinquishment by SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries of any contract
or other right, in either case, material to SBRG and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole, other than transactions, commitments, contracts, agreements or
settlements (including, without limitation, settlements of litigation and tax
proceedings) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice,
contemplated by this Agreement, or agreed to in writing by CKE; or

            (d) any change by SBRG in accounting principles or methods (other
than as required by GAAP or Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act).

      Section 4.12 Transactions with Affiliates. Except as disclosed in the SBRG
Proxy Statement and except as contemplated hereby (including the SBRG Disclosure
Schedule), none of SBRG nor any of its Affiliates is an officer, director,
employee, consultant, distributor, supplier or vendor of, or is party to any
contract with, SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries that would be required to be
disclosed in a proxy statement filed by SBRG pursuant to the Exchange Act.

      Section 4.13 Litigation. Except as disclosed in Section 4.13 of the SBRG
Disclosure Schedule, there is no action, suit, investigation, arbitration or
proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge of SBRG threatened against, SBRG
or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets or properties
before any arbitrator or Governmental Entity that, individually or in the
aggregate, would be reasonably likely to result in liability to SBRG or such
Subsidiaries in excess of $1 million.

      Section 4.14 Taxes. (a) All material tax returns, statements, reports and
forms (collectively, the "SBRG Returns") required to be filed with any taxing
authority by, or with respect to, SBRG and its Subsidiaries were filed on a
timely basis and were true, complete and correct except

                                      A-15

to the extent that the failure to file or be true, complete and correct would
not, individually or in the aggregate, have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect; (b)
SBRG and its Subsidiaries have timely paid all material taxes (which for
purposes of this Section 4.14 shall include interest, penalties and additions to
tax with respect thereto) shown as due and payable on the SBRG Returns (other
than taxes which are being contested in good faith and for which adequate
reserves are reflected on the SBRG Balance Sheet) except to the extent that the
failure to pay would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a SBRG Material
Adverse Effect; (c) SBRG and its Subsidiaries have made provision for all
material taxes payable by them for which no SBRG Return has yet been filed
except for inadequately reserved taxes that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect; (d) no taxing authority has
asserted or initiated (or, to the knowledge of SBRG, threatened to assert or
initiate) in writing any action, suit, proceeding or claim against SBRG or any
of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the aggregate, would have a SBRG
Material Adverse Effect; (e) there is no application pending for approval of a
change in accounting methods; (f) except as set forth in Section 4.14 of the
SBRG Disclosure Schedule or for any year for which the applicable statute of
limitations has expired, neither SBRG nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a
member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group other than one
of which SBRG was the common parent; and (g) except as set forth in Section 4.14
of the SBRG Disclosure Schedule or for any year for which the applicable statute
of limitations has expired, neither SBRG nor any of its Subsidiaries is
obligated by any contract, agreement or other arrangement to indemnify any other
person with respect to taxes or to compensate any third party for any tax
payment or tax liability under a tax sharing or similar agreement.

      Section 4.15 Employees and Employee Benefits.

            (a) SBRG has made available to CKE each material "employee benefit
plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974 ("ERISA"), each material employment, severance or similar contract,
plan, arrangement or policy and each other material plan or arrangement
providing for compensation, bonuses, profit-sharing, stock option or other stock
related rights or other forms of incentive or deferred compensation or insurance
coverage (including any self-insured arrangements and, if applicable, related
trust agreements), all amendments thereto and the most recent written summary
descriptions thereof, together with the most recent annual report (Form 5500
including, if applicable, Schedule B thereto) prepared in connection with any
such plan, which is maintained, administered or contributed to by SBRG or any of
its Subsidiaries and covers any employee or former employee of SBRG or any of
its Subsidiaries. Such plans are referred to collectively herein as the "SBRG
Employee Plans."

            (b) Each SBRG Employee Plan which is intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and has received a favorable
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service stating that it is so
qualified and, to the knowledge of SBRG, nothing has occurred since the date of
such letter that would cause it to be revoked, whether prospectively or
retroactively. SBRG will make available upon request to CKE copies of the most
recent Internal Revenue Service determination letters with respect to each such
SBRG Employee Plan. Each SBRG Employee Plan has been administered in compliance
with its terms and with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutes,
orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code,
which are applicable to such SBRG Employee Plan except as would not be
reasonably likely to have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect.

            (c) Except as described on Section 4.15(c) of the SBRG Disclosure
Schedule, the execution of, and performance of the transactions contemplated in,
this Agreement will not (either

                                      A-16

alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or subsequent events) constitute
an event under any SBRG Employee Plan, trust or loan that will or may result in
any material payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration,
forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or
obligation to fund benefits with respect to any current or former employee,
executive or director of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries.

            (d) Except as set forth on Section 4.15(a) of the SBRG Disclosure
Schedule, neither SBRG nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains or contributes to
any SBRG Employee Plan which provides, or has any liability to provide, life
insurance, medical or other welfare benefits to any employee(s) upon their
retirement or termination of employment, except as required by Section 601 of
ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code.

            (e) There has been no amendment to, written interpretation or
announcement (whether or not written) relating to any SBRG Employee Plan which
would increase materially the expense of maintaining such SBRG Employee Plans in
the aggregate above the level of the expense incurred in respect thereof for the
fiscal year ended December 28, 2000.

            (f) SBRG and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all
applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations respecting
employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of employment, wages,
hours and withholding except as would not be reasonably likely to have a SBRG
Material Adverse Affect.

      Section 4.16 Compliance with Laws. SBRG and its Subsidiaries have all
licenses, permits and qualifications necessary to conduct their businesses and
own their properties in each jurisdiction in which SBRG or its Subsidiaries
currently do business or own property, or in which such license, permit or
qualification is otherwise required, except where the failure to have such
licenses, permits and qualifications would not have a SBRG Material Adverse
Effect. SBRG and its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with
all laws, regulations and orders applicable to their businesses and the present
use by SBRG and its Subsidiaries of their respective properties, and the
business conducted by SBRG and its Subsidiaries, does not violate in any
material respect any such laws, regulations or orders, and SBRG and its
Subsidiaries have timely filed all reports and returns required by law, rule,
regulation or policy of any regulatory authority and all such returns and
reports are true and correct in all material respects, and there are no material
deficiencies with respect to such filings or submissions, except where the
failure to so comply would not have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect.

      Section 4.17 Directors' and Officers' Insurance Policies. Section 4.17 of
the SBRG Disclosure Schedule describes SBRG's directors' and officers' insurance
policies as in effect on the date hereof. SBRG has not received any notice of
cancellation or termination of such directors' and officers' insurance policy
and such insurance policy is valid and enforceable.

      Section 4.18 Environmental Matters.

            (a) With such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, would
not be reasonably likely to have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect, (i) no written
notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation, summons,
complaint or order has been received or made by, and no investigation, action,
claim, suit, proceeding or review is pending or, the knowledge of SBRG,
threatened by any Person against, SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries, with respect
to any applicable Environmental Law, (ii) SBRG and its Subsidiaries are and have
been in compliance in all

                                      A-17

material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and (iii) there are no
liabilities or obligations of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries of any kind
whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, direct or indirect,
determined, determinable or otherwise, arising under or relating to any
Environmental Law (including, without limitation, liabilities or obligations
relating to divested properties or businesses or predecessor entities), and
there are no facts, conditions, situations or set of circumstances that have
resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in or be the basis for any
such liabilities or obligations which would have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect.

            (b) For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Environmental Laws"
means any international, national, provincial, regional, federal, state, local,
municipal and foreign statutes, laws (including, without limitation, common
law), judicial decisions, decrees, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments,
orders, codes, injunctions, permits or governmental agreements or other
requirements relating to human health and safety, to the environment, including,
without limitation, natural resources, or to pollutants, contaminants, wastes,
or chemicals, petroleum products, by-products or additives, asbestos,
asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, radioactive material,
hazardous substances or wastes, or any other substance (including any product)
regulated as harmful or potentially harmful to human health or the environment.

      Section 4.19 Finders' Fees; Opinion of Financial Advisor.

            (a) Except for Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., there is no investment
banker, broker, finder or other intermediary who might be entitled to any fee or
commission from SBRG, the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective
Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of SBRG. Prior to the date hereof,
SBRG has provided to CKE true and correct information regarding fees payable to
Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.

            (b) SBRG has received the opinion, dated December 14, 2001, of Bear,
Stearns & Co. Inc. to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the
exceptions stated therein, the Exchange Ratio was fair from a financial point of
view to the holders of SBRG Common Shares (other than CKE and its Affiliates), a
copy of which opinion has been made available to CKE.

      Section 4.20 Required Vote; Board Approval.

            (a) The only vote of the holders of any class or series of capital
stock of SBRG required by law, rule or regulation to approve this Agreement, the
Merger and/or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby is the
affirmative vote (the "SBRG Stockholder Approval") of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding SBRG Common Shares in favor of the adoption and approval of
this Agreement and the Merger.

            (b) SBRG's Board of Directors has (a) determined that this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, are in the best
interests of SBRG and its stockholders, (b) approved this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and (c) resolved (subject to Section 6.2) to
recommend to such stockholders that they vote in favor of adopting and approving
this Agreement and the Merger in accordance with the terms hereof.

      Section 4.21 State Takeover Statutes. Assuming the accuracy of the
representations contained in Section 5.21 hereof (without giving effect to the
knowledge qualification therein), the

                                      A-18

provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL do not apply to this Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                   ARTICLE V

                      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CKE

      Except as disclosed in (i) the CKE Disclosure Schedule attached hereto or
(ii) the CKE SEC Documents filed prior to the date hereof, CKE represents and
warrants to SBRG that:

      Section 5.1 Corporate Existence and Power. CKE is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Delaware and has all corporate powers required to carry on its business as
now conducted. CKE is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and
is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the character of the property
owned or leased by it or the nature of its activities makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a CKE Material Adverse Effect. CKE has heretofore made
available to SBRG true and complete copies of CKE's certificate of incorporation
and by-laws as currently in effect.

      Section 5.2 Corporate Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance by CKE of this Agreement and the consummation by CKE of the
transactions contemplated hereby are within the corporate powers of CKE and,
except for the CKE Stockholder Approval, have been duly authorized by all
necessary corporate action. Assuming that this Agreement constitutes the valid
and binding obligation of SBRG, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding
agreement of CKE, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws, now or
hereafter in effect, relating to or affecting creditors' rights and remedies and
to general principles of equity.

      Section 5.3 Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and
performance by CKE of this Agreement, and the consummation by CKE of the
transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, or
filing with, any Governmental Entity other than (a) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger in accordance with the DGCL; (b) compliance with any
applicable requirements of the HSR Act; (c) compliance with any applicable
requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; (d) such as may be
required under any applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws; (e) filings
listed on Section 5.3(e) of the CKE Disclosure Schedule; (f) compliance with any
applicable Environmental Laws or state environmental property transfer laws; and
(g) such other consents, approvals, actions, orders, authorizations,
registrations, declarations and filings which, if not obtained or made, would
not, individually or in the aggregate, (i) be reasonably likely to have a CKE
Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) prevent or materially impair the ability of CKE
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      Section 5.4 Non-Contravention. Except as set forth on Section 5.4 of the
CKE Disclosure Schedule, the execution, delivery and performance by CKE of this
Agreement and the consummation by CKE of the transactions contemplated hereby do
not and will not (a) contravene or conflict with the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws of CKE, (b) assuming compliance with the matters
referred to in Section 5.3, contravene or conflict with or constitute a
violation of any provision of any law, regulation, judgment, injunction, order
or decree binding upon or applicable to CKE or any of its Subsidiaries, (c)
constitute a breach or default under or give rise to a right of termination,
cancellation or acceleration of any right or obligation of CKE or any of its
Subsidiaries or to a loss of any benefit or status to which CKE or any of its
Subsidiaries is entitled under any provision of any

                                      A-19

agreement, contract or other instrument binding upon CKE or any of its
Subsidiaries or any license, franchise, permit or other similar authorization
held by CKE or any of its Subsidiaries, or (d) result in the creation or
imposition of any Lien on any asset of CKE or any of its Subsidiaries other
than, in the case of each of (b), (c) and (d), any such items that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, (x) be reasonably likely to have a CKE
Material Adverse Effect or (y) prevent or materially impair the ability of CKE
to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      Section 5.5 Capitalization of CKE.

            (a) The authorized capital stock of CKE consists of 100,000,000 CKE
Common Shares, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per
share. As of November 5, 2001, there were outstanding (i) 52,113,425 CKE Common
Shares, (ii) no shares of CKE preferred stock, (iii) convertible debt securities
convertible for 3,600,000 CKE Common Shares, (iv) stock options to purchase an
aggregate of 7,533,433 CKE Common Shares (of which options to purchase an
aggregate of 5,144,470 CKE Common Shares were vested and exercisable), and (v)
rights to purchase CKE Common Shares pursuant to the CKE Employee Stock Purchase
Plan. All outstanding shares of capital stock of CKE have been duly authorized
and validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable.

            (b) As of the date hereof, except (i) as set forth in this Section,
(ii) for changes since November 5, 2001 resulting from the grant of stock
options under CKE Employee Plans in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice and the exercise of stock options outstanding on such date
and (iii) for issuances of CKE Common Shares since November 5, 2001 pursuant to
CKE's Employee Stock Purchase Plan in accordance with its present terms, there
are no outstanding (x) shares of capital stock or other voting securities of
CKE, (y) securities of CKE convertible into or exchangeable for shares of
capital stock or voting securities of CKE, and (z) options or other rights to
acquire from CKE, and no obligation of CKE to issue, any capital stock, voting
securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or
voting securities of CKE (the items in clauses (x), (y) and (z) being referred
to collectively as the "CKE Securities"). There are no outstanding obligations
of CKE or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
CKE Securities.

            (c) The CKE Common Shares to be issued as part of the Merger
Consideration have been duly authorized and, when issued and delivered in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will have been validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable and free of any preemptive or other similar right.

      Section 5.6 Subsidiaries.

            (a) Each Subsidiary of CKE is a corporation duly incorporated or an
entity duly organized, and is validly existing and in good standing, under the
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, has all powers and
authority and all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and
approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted and is duly
qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction where the character of the property owned or leased by it or
the nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, in each case
with such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, would not be
reasonably likely to have a CKE Material Adverse Effect.

                                      A-20

            (b) All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other
ownership interest in, each Subsidiary of CKE has been validly issued and is
fully paid and nonassessable. All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other
ownership interest, which is owned, directly or indirectly, by CKE in, each of
its Subsidiaries is owned free and clear of any Lien and free of any other
limitation or restriction (including any limitation or restriction on the right
to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other ownership
interests) with such exceptions as, individually or in the aggregate, would not
be reasonably likely to have a CKE Material Adverse Effect. There are no
outstanding (i) securities of CKE or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for shares of capital stock or other voting
securities or ownership interests in any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) options,
warrants or other rights to acquire from CKE or any of its Subsidiaries, and no
other obligation of CKE or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock,
voting securities or other ownership interests in, or any securities convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for any capital stock, voting securities or
ownership interests in, any of its Subsidiaries or (iii) obligations of CKE or
any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any
outstanding securities of any of its Subsidiaries or any capital stock of, or
other ownership interests in, any of its Subsidiaries.

      Section 5.7 CKE SEC Documents.

            (a) CKE has made available to SBRG the CKE SEC Documents. CKE has
filed all reports, filings, registration statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC since December 31, 1998. No Subsidiary of CKE is
required to file any form, report, registration statement or prospectus or other
document with the SEC.

            (b) As of its filing date, each CKE SEC Document complied as to form
in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act
and/or the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

            (c) No CKE SEC Document filed pursuant to the Exchange Act
contained, as of its filing date or mailing date, as applicable, any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in
order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. No CKE SEC Document filed pursuant
to the Securities Act, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, contained, as
of the date such document or amendment became effective, any untrue statement of
a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

      Section 5.8 Financial Statements. The audited consolidated financial
statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of CKE
included in the CKE 10-K and the CKE 10-Q (the "CKE GAAP Financial Statements")
fairly present in all material respects, in conformity with GAAP (except as may
be indicated in the notes thereto and except that the unaudited interim
financial statements may lack footnotes), the consolidated financial position of
CKE and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their
consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended
(subject to normal year-end adjustments in the case of any unaudited interim
financial statements).

      Section 5.9 No Material Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as set forth in
Section 5.9 of the CKE Disclosure Schedule, there are no liabilities of CKE or
of any Subsidiary of CKE of any kind

                                      A-21

whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or
otherwise, in each case, that are required by GAAP to be set forth on a
consolidated balance sheet of CKE, other than:

                  (i) liabilities or obligations disclosed or provided for in
the CKE Balance Sheet or disclosed in the notes thereto;

                  (ii) liabilities or obligations incurred or arising after
January 29, 2001 and disclosed in the CKE 10-Q or provided for in the CKE
balance sheet (or notes thereto) included in the CKE 10-Q;

                  (iii) liabilities or obligations incurred or arising in the
ordinary course of business after the date of the CKE balance sheet included in
the CKE 10-Q or arising under this Agreement or incurred in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby; and

                  (iv) other liabilities or obligations, which, individually or
in the aggregate, would not be reasonably likely to exceed $1 million.

      Section 5.10 Information to Be Supplied.

            (a) The information to be supplied in writing by CKE expressly for
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
will (i) in the case of the Registration Statement, at the time it becomes
effective, not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein not misleading and (ii) in the case of the remainder of
the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, at the time of the mailing thereof and at
the time of the SBRG Stockholders Meeting and the CKE Stockholders Meeting, not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading. The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply (with respect to
information relating to CKE) as to form in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

            (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, CKE makes no representation or
warranty with respect to any statements made or incorporated by reference in the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus based on information supplied in writing by
SBRG expressly for use therein.

      Section 5.11 Absence of Certain Changes. Since January 29, 2001, except as
disclosed in the CKE 10-Q, provided for in the financial statements (or notes
thereto) included in the CKE 10-Q, disclosed on Section 5.11 of the CKE
Disclosure Schedule, or as contemplated by this Agreement, CKE and its
Subsidiaries have conducted their business in the ordinary course consistent
with past practice and there has not been:

            (a) any action, event, occurrence, development, change in method of
doing business, or state of circumstances or facts that, individually or in the
aggregate, has had or would be reasonably likely to have a CKE Material Adverse
Effect;

            (b) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or
other distribution with respect to any shares of capital stock of CKE or any
repurchase, redemption or other acquisition by CKE or any of its Subsidiaries of
any outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities of, or other
ownership interests in, CKE or any of its Subsidiaries (other than any
repurchases of CKE

                                      A-22

Common Shares made prior to the date hereof pursuant to CKE's existing or future
publicly announced stock repurchase program);

            (c) any transaction or commitment made by, or any contract,
agreement or settlement entered into by, or any judgment, order or decree
affecting, CKE or any of its Subsidiaries relating to its assets or business
(including, without limitation, the acquisition or disposition of any assets) or
any relinquishment by CKE or any of its Subsidiaries of any contract or other
right, in either case, material to CKE and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole,
other than transactions, commitments, contracts, agreements or settlements
(including, without limitation, settlements of litigation and tax proceedings)
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, contemplated
by this Agreement, or agreed to in writing by SBRG; or

            (d) any change by CKE in accounting principles or methods (other
than as required by GAAP or Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act).

      Section 5.12 Transactions with Affiliates. Except as disclosed in the CKE
Proxy Statement, none of CKE or any of its Affiliates is an officer, director,
employee, consultant, distributor, supplier or vendor of, or is party to any
contract with, CKE or any of its Subsidiaries that would be required to be
disclosed in a proxy statement filed by CKE pursuant to the Exchange Act.

      Section 5.13 Litigation. Except as disclosed in Section 5.13 of the CKE
Disclosure Schedule, there is no action, suit, investigation, arbitration or
proceeding pending against, or to the knowledge of CKE threatened against, CKE
or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective assets or properties
before any arbitrator or Governmental Entity that, individually or in the
aggregate, would be reasonably likely to result in liability to CKE or such
Subsidiaries in excess of $1 million.

      Section 5.14 Taxes. (a) All material tax returns, statements, reports and
forms (collectively, the "CKE Returns") required to be filed with any taxing
authority by, or with respect to, CKE and its Subsidiaries were filed on a
timely basis and were true, complete and correct except to the extent that the
failure to file or be true, complete and correct would not, individually or in
the aggregate, have a CKE Material Adverse Effect; (b) CKE and its Subsidiaries
have timely paid all material taxes (which for purposes of this Section shall
include interest, penalties and additions to tax with respect thereto) shown as
due and payable on CKE Returns (other than taxes which are being contested in
good faith and for which adequate reserves are reflected on CKE Balance Sheet)
except to the extent that the failure to pay would not, individually or in the
aggregate, have a CKE Material Adverse Effect; (c) CKE and its Subsidiaries have
made provision for all material taxes payable by them for which no CKE Return
has yet been filed except for inadequately reserved taxes that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a CKE Material Adverse Effect; (d) no
taxing authority has asserted or initiated (or, to the knowledge of CKE,
threatened to assert or initiate) in writing any action, suit, proceeding or
claim against CKE or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or in the
aggregate, would have a CKE Material Adverse Effect; (e) there is no application
pending for approval of a change in accounting methods; (f) except as set forth
on Section 5.14 of the CKE Disclosure Schedule and for any year for which the
statute of limitations has expired neither CKE nor any of its Subsidiaries has
been a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group other
than one of which CKE was the common parent; and (g) except as set forth on
Section 5.14 of the CKE Disclosure Schedule and for any year for which the
statute of limitations has expired neither CKE nor any of its Subsidiaries is
obligated by any contract, agreement or other

                                      A-23

arrangement to indemnify any other person with respect to taxes or to compensate
any third party for any tax payment or tax liability under a tax sharing or
similar agreement.

      Section 5.15 Employees and Employee Benefits.

            (a) CKE has made available to SBRG each material "employee benefit
plan," as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974 ("ERISA"), each material employment, severance or similar contract,
plan, arrangement or policy and each other material plan or arrangement
providing for compensation, bonuses, profit-sharing, stock option or other stock
related rights or other forms of incentive or deferred compensation or insurance
coverage (including any self-insured arrangements and, if applicable, related
trust agreements), all amendments thereto and the most recent written summary
descriptions thereof, together with the most recent annual report (Form 5500
including, if applicable, Schedule B thereto) prepared in connection with any
such plan, which is maintained, administered or contributed to by CKE or any of
its Subsidiaries and covers any employee or former employee of CKE or any of its
Subsidiaries. Such plans are referred to collectively herein as the "CKE
Employee Plans."

            (b) Each CKE Employee Plan which is intended to be qualified under
Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and has received a favorable
determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service stating that it is so
qualified and, to the knowledge of CKE, nothing has occurred since the date of
such letter that would cause it to be revoked, whether prospectively or
retroactively. CKE will make available upon request to SBRG copies of the most
recent Internal Revenue Service determination letters with respect to each such
CKE Employee Plan. Each CKE Employee Plan has been administered in compliance
with its terms and with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutes,
orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code,
which are applicable to such CKE Employee Plan except as would not be reasonably
likely to have a CKE Material Adverse Effect.

            (c) Except as described on Section 5.15(c) of the CKE Disclosure
Schedule, the execution of, and performance of the transactions contemplated in,
this Agreement will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional
or subsequent events) constitute an event under any CKE Employee Plan, trust or
loan that will or may result in any material payment (whether of severance pay
or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution,
increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with respect to any current
or former employee, executive or director of CKE or any of its Subsidiaries.

            (d) Neither CKE nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains or contributes
to any CKE Employee Plan which provides, or has any liability to provide, life
insurance, medical or other welfare benefits to any employee(s) upon their
retirement or termination of employment, except as required by Section 601 of
ERISA and Section 4980B of the Code.

            (e) There has been no amendment to, written interpretation or
announcement (whether or not written) relating to any CKE Employee Plan which
would increase materially the expense of maintaining such CKE Employee Plans in
the aggregate above the level of the expense incurred in respect thereof for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1998.

            (f) CKE and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all
applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations respecting
employment, employment practices, terms and

                                      A-24

conditions of employment, wages, hours and withholding except as would not be
reasonably likely to have a CKE Material Adverse Affect.

      Section 5.16 Compliance with Laws. CKE and its Subsidiaries have all
licenses, permits and qualifications necessary to conduct their businesses or
own their properties in each jurisdiction in which CKE or its Subsidiaries
currently do business or own property, or in which such license, permit or
qualification is otherwise required, except where the failure to have such
licenses, permits and qualifications would not have a CKE Material Adverse
Effect. Except as disclosed on Section 5.16 of the CKE Disclosure Schedule, CKE
and its Subsidiaries have complied in all material respects with all laws,
regulations and orders applicable to their businesses and the present use by CKE
and its Subsidiaries of their respective properties, and the business conducted
by CKE and its Subsidiaries, does not violate in any material respect any such
laws, regulations or orders, and CKE and its Subsidiaries have timely filed all
reports and returns required by law, rule, regulation or policy of any
regulatory authority and all such returns and reports are true and correct in
all material respects, and there are no material deficiencies with respect to
such filings or submissions, except where the failure to so comply would not
have a CKE Material Adverse Effect.

      Section 5.17 Directors' and Officers' Insurance Policies. Section 5.17 of
the CKE Disclosure Schedule describes CKE's directors' and officers' insurance
policy as in effect on the date hereof. CKE has not received any notice of
cancellation or termination of such directors' and officers' insurance policy,
and such insurance policy is valid and enforceable.

      Section 5.18 Environmental Matters. With such exceptions as, individually
or in the aggregate, would not be reasonably likely to have a CKE Material
Adverse Effect, (i) no written notice, notification, demand, request for
information, citation, summons, complaint or order has been received or made by,
and no investigation, action, claim, suit, proceeding or review is pending or,
to the knowledge of CKE, threatened by any Person against, CKE or any of its
Subsidiaries, with respect to any applicable Environmental Law, (ii) CKE and its
Subsidiaries are and have been in compliance in all material respects with all
applicable Environmental Laws and (iii) there are no liabilities or obligations
of CKE or any of its Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued,
contingent, absolute, direct or indirect, determined, determinable or otherwise,
arising under or relating to any Environmental Law (including, without
limitation, liabilities or obligations relating to divested properties or
businesses or predecessor entities), and there are no facts, conditions,
situations or set of circumstances that have resulted or could reasonably be
expected to result in or be the basis for any such liabilities or obligations
which would have a CKE Material Adverse Effect.

      Section 5.19 Finders' Fees; Opinion of Financial Advisor.

            (a) Except for Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., whose fees will be
paid by CKE, there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary
who might be entitled to any fee or commission in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or
on behalf of CKE.

            (b) CKE has received the opinion of Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.,
dated December 20, 2001, to the effect that, as of such date, the Merger
Consideration to be paid by CKE is fair to CKE from a financial point of view, a
copy of which opinion has been made available to SBRG.

                                      A-25

      Section 5.20 Required Vote; Board Approval.

            (a) The only vote of the holders of any class or series of capital
stock of CKE required by law, rule or regulation to approve this Agreement, the
Merger and/or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby is the
affirmative vote (the "CKE Stockholder Approval") of the holders of a majority
of the CKE Common Shares present in person or by proxy at the CKE Stockholders
Meeting in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the Merger.

            (b) CKE's Board of Directors has (a) determined that this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, are in the best
interests of CKE and its stockholders, (b) approved this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby and (c) resolved to recommend to such
stockholders that they vote in favor of adopting and approving this Agreement
and the Merger in accordance with the terms hereof.

      Section 5.21 State Takeover Statutes. Assuming the accuracy of the
representations contained in Section 4.21 hereof (without giving effect to the
knowledge qualification therein), the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL do
not apply to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                COVENANTS OF SBRG

      SBRG agrees that:

      Section 6.1 SBRG Interim Operations. Except as set forth in the SBRG
Disclosure Schedule or as otherwise expressly contemplated hereby, without the
prior consent of CKE (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), from the date hereof until the Effective Time, SBRG shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct their business in all material
respects in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to (i) preserve intact its present business
organization, (ii) maintain in effect all material licenses, approvals and
authorizations, including, without limitation, all material licenses and permits
that are required by applicable Laws and Environmental Laws for SBRG or any of
its Subsidiaries to carry on its business and (iii) preserve existing
relationships with its key employees, its key agents, and its material
customers, lenders, suppliers and others having material business relationships
with it. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as set forth
in Section 6.1 of the SBRG Disclosure Schedule or as otherwise expressly
contemplated by this Agreement, from the date hereof until the Effective Time,
without the prior consent of CKE (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed), SBRG shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to:

            (a) amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws;

            (b) take any action that would prevent or materially impair the
ability of SBRG to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including actions that would be reasonably likely to prevent or materially
impair the ability of SBRG, CKE or any of their Subsidiaries to obtain any
consent, registration, approval, permit or authorization required to be obtained
from any Governmental Entity prior to the Effective Time in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

                                      A-26

            (c) split, combine or reclassify any shares of capital stock of SBRG
or any less-than-wholly-owned Subsidiary of SBRG or declare, set aside or pay
any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any
combination thereof) in respect of its capital stock or any securities of any of
its Subsidiaries which are not wholly-owned, or redeem, repurchase or otherwise
acquire or offer to redeem, repurchase, or otherwise acquire any of its
securities or any securities of any of its Subsidiaries which are not
wholly-owned;

            (d) (i) issue, deliver or sell, or authorize the issuance, delivery
or sale of, any shares of its capital stock of any class or any securities
convertible into or exercisable for, or any rights, warrants or options to
acquire, any such capital stock or any such convertible securities, other than
(A) the issuance of SBRG Common Shares upon the exercise of stock options or the
SBRG Warrants, (B) pursuant to a SBRG Employee Plan in accordance with its
present terms, (C) the issuance of stock options in the ordinary course of
business pursuant to a SBRG Employee Plan in accordance with its present terms;
provided, however, that the issuance of any such stock options is with the prior
written consent of CKE, and (D) as permitted pursuant to Section 3.4(d), (ii)
except as permitted in Section 3.4(c), amend in any material respect any
material term of any outstanding security of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries or
(iii) consent, including consent by the applicable committee, to any transfer of
a SBRG Option;

            (e) other than in connection with transactions permitted by Section
6.1(f), incur any capital expenditures or any obligations or liabilities in
respect thereof, except for those (i) contemplated by the capital expenditure
budgets for SBRG and its Subsidiaries, (ii) incurred in the ordinary course of
business of SBRG and its Subsidiaries, or (iii) not otherwise described in
clauses (i) and/or (ii) which are not in excess of an aggregate of $200,000;

            (f) except for acquisitions in the ordinary course of the investment
activities of SBRG and its Subsidiaries consistent with past practice, acquire
(whether pursuant to merger, stock or asset purchase or otherwise) in one
transaction or series of related transactions any assets of or equity interests
in any Person having a fair market value in excess of $100,000;

            (g) sell, lease, encumber or otherwise dispose of any assets, other
than (i) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ii)
equipment and property no longer used in the operation of SBRG's business, (iii)
sales or other dispositions of assets related to discontinued operations of SBRG
or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iv) the sale of the Timber Lodge restaurant
located at 3800 West Ina Road, Tucson, Arizona;

            (h) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such
indebtedness or issue or sell any debt securities or warrants or rights to
acquire any debt securities of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries or guarantee any
debt securities of others or request any advances in respect of, or make any
drawdowns on, any existing indebtedness which advance or drawdown exceeds
$100,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate;

            (i) amend, modify or terminate any material contract, agreement or
arrangement of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries or otherwise waive, release or
assign any material rights, claims or benefits of SBRG or any of its
Subsidiaries thereunder;

            (j) (i) except as set forth in Section 7.3(c) hereof, in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or as required by law
or by an agreement existing on the date hereof, increase the amount of
compensation of any director or executive officer or make any

                                      A-27

increase in or commitment to increase any employee benefits, (ii) except as
required by law or by an agreement existing on the date hereof, adopt any
severance program or grant any material severance or termination pay to any
director, officer or employee of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) adopt or
implement any employee retention program or other incentive arrangement not in
existence on the date hereof, (iv) except as set forth in Section 7.3(c) hereof,
adopt any additional employee benefit plan or, except in the ordinary course of
business, make any material contribution to any existing plan (other than as
required by law or such plan), or (v) except as may be required by law or
pursuant to any agreement existing on the date hereof, amend in any material
respect any SBRG Employee Plan;

            (k) change SBRG's (x) methods of accounting in effect at December
28, 2000, except as required by changes in GAAP or by Regulation S-X of the
Exchange Act, as concurred in by its independent public accountants or (y)
fiscal year;

            (l) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice, make any tax election or enter into any settlement or compromise
of any tax liability that in either case is material to the business of SBRG and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

            (m) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claim, liability or
obligation (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise)
other than (y) for an amount of $100,000 or less, or (z) ordinary course
repayment of indebtedness or payment of contractual obligations when due;

            (n) take any action that would cause any of its representations and
warranties herein to become untrue in any material respect; and

            (o) agree, resolve or otherwise commit to do any of the foregoing.

      Section 6.2 Stockholder Meeting. SBRG shall cause a meeting of its
stockholders (the "SBRG Stockholders Meeting") to be duly called and held for
the purpose of obtaining the SBRG Stockholder Approval as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Registration Statement is declared effective under the
Securities Act. Except as provided in the next sentence, (a) SBRG's Board of
Directors shall recommend approval and adoption by its stockholders of this
Agreement (the "SBRG Recommendation"), and (b) SBRG shall use its reasonable
best efforts to solicit the SBRG Stockholder Approval. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, SBRG agrees that its obligations under this Section
shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or
communication to SBRG of any Acquisition Proposal. The Board of Directors of
SBRG shall be permitted to (i) not recommend to SBRG's stockholders that they
give the SBRG Stockholder Approval or (ii) withdraw or modify in a manner
materially adverse to CKE the SBRG Recommendation, if and only if the Board of
Directors of SBRG by a majority vote determines in its good faith judgment
(after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that it is necessary to so
withdraw or modify the SBRG Recommendation to comply with its fiduciary duties
under applicable law.

      Section 6.3 Acquisition Proposals; Board Recommendation.

            (a) SBRG agrees that it shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, nor shall it authorize or knowingly permit any officer,
director, employee, investment banker, attorney, accountant, agent or other
advisor or representative of SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries, directly or

                                      A-28

indirectly, to (i) take any action to solicit, initiate or facilitate or
encourage the submission of any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) engage in any
negotiations regarding, or furnish to any Person any non-public information with
respect to, or take any other action knowingly to facilitate any inquiries or
the making of any proposal that constitutes, or may be reasonably expected to
lead to, any Acquisition Proposal, (iii) grant any waiver or release under any
standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of SBRG's equity
securities or (iv) other than in the manner contemplated by Section 6.3(d),
enter into any agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal; provided,
however, that SBRG may take any actions described in the foregoing clauses (i),
(ii), (iii), or (iv) in respect of any Person who makes an Acquisition Proposal,
but only if (x) the Board of Directors of SBRG by a majority vote determines in
its good faith judgment that either (A) such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a
Superior Proposal and provides written notice of termination of this Agreement
in accordance with Section 6.3(d) and Section 10.1, or (B) such Acquisition
Proposal could reasonably be expected to result in a Superior Proposal, and (y)
prior to furnishing any non-public information to such Person, such Person shall
have entered into a confidentiality agreement with SBRG agreeing to keep
confidential any non-public information received.

            (b) Unless SBRG's Board of Directors has previously withdrawn, or is
concurrently therewith withdrawing, the SBRG Recommendation, neither SBRG's
Board of Directors nor any committee thereof shall recommend any Acquisition
Proposal to SBRG's stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
contained in this Section 6.3(b) or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prevent
SBRG's Board of Directors from complying with Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act
with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or making any disclosure required by
applicable law.

            (c) Promptly (but in no event later than 48 hours) after receipt by
SBRG or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective directors, officers,
agents or advisors) of any Acquisition Proposal, any request for non-public
information or for access to the properties, books or records of SBRG or any of
its Subsidiaries or any request for a waiver or release under any standstill or
similar agreement, by any Person that has made an Acquisition Proposal or
indicates that it is considering making an Acquisition Proposal, SBRG shall
notify CKE (x) that a Person may be considering making an Acquisition Proposal,
and (y) of the identity of such Person and, if an Acquisition Proposal is made,
of the material terms of such Acquisition Proposal. SBRG shall keep CKE
reasonably informed of the status and material terms of any such Acquisition
Proposal.

            (d) Upon notice and in accordance with the terms of Section 10.1,
SBRG may terminate this Agreement at any time before the SBRG Stockholder
Approval is obtained if (x) SBRG's Board of Directors shall have authorized
SBRG, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to enter into a
binding agreement concerning a transaction that constitutes a Superior Proposal,
(y) SBRG notifies CKE that it intends to enter into such agreement, specifying
the material terms and conditions of such agreement, and (z) within three
Business Days of receiving the notice described in (y) above, CKE fails to
propose and agree to enter into a modification of this Agreement such that the
Board of Directors of SBRG determines by a majority vote in its good faith
judgment that such Superior Proposal is no longer a Superior Proposal.

                                      A-29

                                  ARTICLE VII

                                COVENANTS OF CKE

      CKE agrees that:

      Section 7.1 CKE Interim Operations. Except as set forth in the CKE
Disclosure Schedule or as otherwise expressly contemplated hereby, without the
prior consent of SBRG (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), from the date hereof until the Effective Time, CKE shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct their business in all material
respects in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to (i) preserve intact its present business
organization, (ii) maintain in effect all material licenses, approvals and
authorizations, including, without limitation, all material licenses and permits
that are required by applicable Laws or Environmental Laws for CKE or any of its
Subsidiaries to carry on its business and (iii) except for the repayment or
restructuring of indebtedness, preserve existing relationships with its material
customers, suppliers and others having material business relationships with it.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as set forth in Section
7.1 of the CKE Disclosure Schedule or otherwise expressly contemplated by this
Agreement, from the date hereof until the Effective Time, without the prior
consent of SBRG (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed),
CKE shall not, not shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to:

            (a) amend its certificate of incorporation or by-laws, except for
amendments which do not have a Material Adverse Effect;

            (b) take any action that would prevent or materially impair the
ability of CKE to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including actions that would be reasonably likely to prevent or materially
impair the ability of CKE, SBRG or any of their Subsidiaries to obtain any
consent, registration, approval, permit or authorization required to be obtained
from any Governmental Entity prior to the Effective Time in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

            (c) take any action that would cause any of its representations and
warranties herein to become untrue in any material respect; and

            (d) agree, resolve or otherwise commit to do any of the foregoing.

      Section 7.2 Stockholder Meeting. CKE shall cause a meeting of its
stockholders (the "CKE Stockholders Meeting") to be duly called and held for the
purpose of approving the matters constituting the CKE Stockholder Approval as
soon as reasonably practicable after the Registration Statement is declared
effective under the Securities Act. CKE's Board of Directors shall recommend
approval and adoption by its stockholders of this Agreement, and CKE shall use
its reasonable best efforts to solicit the CKE Stockholder Approval.

      Section 7.3 Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance.

            (a) CKE agrees to maintain in effect in accordance with their terms
all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities for acts or
omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time now existing in favor of
the current or former directors or officers of SBRG and its Subsidiaries as
provided in their respective certificates of incorporation or by-laws (or
comparable

                                      A-30

organizational documents) and any indemnification agreements of SBRG. In
addition, from and after the Effective Time, directors and officers of SBRG who
become directors or officers of CKE will be entitled to the same indemnity
rights and protections as are afforded to other directors and officers of CKE.

            (b) In the event that CKE or any of its successors or assigns (i)
consolidates with or merges into any other person and is not the continuing or
surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) except
as required by applicable law in connection with the Merger, transfers or
conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person,
then, and in each such case, proper provision will be made so that the
successors and assigns of CKE assume the obligations set forth in this Section.

            (c) Immediately prior to the Closing, SBRG shall purchase, from an
insurer or insurers chosen by SBRG, one or more single payment, run-off policies
of directors and officers liability insurance covering acts or omissions
occurring prior to the Effective Time with respect to those persons who are
currently covered by SBRG's directors' and officers' liability insurance
policies on terms with respect to such coverage and amount no less favorable
than the terms of the current policies of SBRG which policies are described on
Section 4.17 of the SBRG Disclosure Schedule, such policy (or policies) to
become effective at the Effective Time and to remain in effect for a period of
six years after the Effective Time. If such coverage is unavailable, for six
years after the Effective Time, CKE shall provide to SBRG's directors and
officers liability insurance covering acts or omissions occurring prior to the
Effective Time with respect to those persons who are currently covered by SBRG's
directors' and officers' liability insurance policies with insurance companies
who are rated at least as highly as the insurance companies who currently
provide SBRG's directors' and officers' liability insurance as described on
Section 4.17 of the SBRG Disclosure Schedule and on terms with respect to such
coverage and amount no less favorable than those described on Section 4.17 of
the SBRG Disclosure Schedule; provided, however, that if the aggregate annual
premiums for such insurance at any time during such period shall exceed 200% of
the per annum rate of premium paid by SBRG as of the date hereof for such
insurance, then CKE shall provide only such coverage as shall then be available
at an annual premium equal to 200% of such rate.

            (d) The provisions of this Section are intended to be for the
benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each indemnified party, his or her heirs
and his or her representatives and are in addition to, and not in substitution
for, any other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such person
may have by contract or otherwise.

      Section 7.4 Stock Exchange Listing. CKE shall use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the CKE Common Shares to be issued in connection with the
Merger or upon exercise of CKE Options to be listed on the NYSE, subject to
official notice of issuance.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                            COVENANTS OF CKE AND SBRG

      The parties hereto agree that:

      Section 8.1 Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, each party will use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be
taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper
or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate

                                      A-31

the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as promptly as practicable after
the date hereof, including (i) preparing and filing as promptly as practicable
all documentation to effect all necessary applications, notices, petitions,
filings, tax ruling requests and other documents and to obtain as promptly as
practicable all consents, waivers, licenses, orders, registrations, approvals,
permits, tax rulings and authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained
from any third party and/or any Governmental Entity in order to consummate the
Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (ii)
taking all reasonable steps as may be necessary to obtain all such material
consents, waivers, licenses, orders, registrations, approvals, permits, tax
rulings and authorizations. In furtherance and not in limitation of the
foregoing, each party hereto agrees to make an appropriate filing of a
Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby as promptly as practicable after the date
hereof and to supply as promptly as practicable any additional information and
documentary material that may be requested pursuant to the HSR Act and to take
all other actions necessary to cause the expiration or termination of the
applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act as soon as practicable, and (iii)
the defending of any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or
administrative, challenging this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order
entered by any Governmental Entity vacated or reversed. Nothing in this Section
shall require any of SBRG and its Subsidiaries or CKE and its Subsidiaries to
sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of or conduct their business in a
specified manner, or agree to sell, hold separate or otherwise dispose of or
conduct their business in a specified manner, or permit the sale, holding
separate or other disposition of, any assets of SBRG, CKE or their respective
Subsidiaries or the conduct of their business in a specified manner, whether as
a condition to obtaining any approval from a Governmental Entity or any other
Person or for any other reason, if such sale, holding separate or other
disposition or the conduct of their business in a specified manner would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Surviving
Corporation, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the Merger (any such sale,
holding separate or other disposition or conduct of business shall be referred
to herein as a "Burdensome Condition").

      Section 8.2 Certain Filings; Cooperation in Receipt of Consents.

            (a) As promptly as practicable after the date hereof, CKE and SBRG
shall prepare and file with the SEC the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and, as
soon as practicable following the period of any review thereof by the SEC staff,
CKE shall prepare and file the Registration Statement, in which the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will be included. Each of SBRG and CKE shall use its
reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective
under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing and to
keep the Registration Statement effective as long as is necessary to consummate
the Merger. Each of SBRG and CKE shall mail the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus
to its stockholders as promptly as practicable after the Registration Statement
is declared effective under the Securities Act and, if necessary, after the
Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall have been so mailed, promptly circulate
amended, supplemental or supplemented proxy material and, if required in
connection therewith, resolicit proxies. CKE shall also take any action (except
to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to service of process)
required to be taken under any applicable state securities or "blue sky" laws in
connection with the issuance of CKE Common Shares in the Merger, and SBRG shall
use its reasonable best efforts to furnish all information concerning its
directors, officers, stockholders and business as may be reasonably requested by
CKE in connection with any such action.

            (b) No filing of, or any amendment or supplement to, the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus will be made by SBRG or CKE without providing the other
party the

                                      A-32

opportunity to review and comment thereon. Each party will advise the other
party, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when the
Registration Statement has become effective or any supplement or amendment has
been filed, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension of the qualification
of the CKE Common Shares issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction, or any request by the SEC for amendment of the Joint
Proxy Statement/Prospectus or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests
by the SEC for additional information. If at any time prior to the Effective
Time any information relating to either party, or any of their respective
Affiliates, officers or directors should be discovered by SBRG or CKE, that
should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, so that either of such documents would
not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading, the party that discovers such
information shall promptly notify the other party hereto and an appropriate
amendment or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with
the SEC and, to the extent required by law or regulation, disseminated to the
stockholders of SBRG and CKE.

            (c) SBRG shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be
delivered to CKE two letters from SBRG's independent public accountants, one
dated the date on which the Registration Statement shall become effective and
one dated the date of the Effective Time, each addressed to SBRG and CKE, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to CKE and customary in scope and
substance for comfort letters delivered by independent public accountants in
connection with registration statements similar to the Registration Statement.
CKE shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered to SBRG two
letters from CKE's independent public accountants, one dated the date on which
the Registration Statement shall become effective and one dated the date of the
Effective Time, each addressed to SBRG and CKE, in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to SBRG and customary in scope and substance for comfort letters
delivered by independent public accountants in connection with registration
statements similar to the Registration Statement.

            (d) SBRG and CKE shall cooperate with one another in (i) determining
whether any other action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental
Entity is required, or any actions, consents, approvals or waivers are required
to be obtained from parties to any material contracts, in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) seeking any such
other actions, consents, approvals or waivers or making any such filings,
furnishing information required in connection therewith and seeking promptly to
obtain any such actions, consents, approvals or waivers. Each party shall permit
the other party to review any communication given by it to, and shall consult
with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with, any Governmental
Entity or, in connection with any legal proceeding by a private party, with any
other Person, and to the extent permitted by the applicable Governmental Entity
or other Person, give the other party the opportunity to attend and participate
in such meetings and conferences, in each case in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby.

      Section 8.3 Public Announcements. The parties shall consult with each
other before issuing, and provide each other a reasonable opportunity to review
and comment upon, any press release or public statement with respect to this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and, except as may be
required by applicable law or any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange, will not issue any such press release or make any such public
statement prior to such consultation.

                                      A-33

      Section 8.4 Access to Information; Notification of Certain Matters.

            (a) From the date hereof until the Effective Time and subject to
applicable law, SBRG and CKE shall (i) give to the other party, its counsel,
financial advisors, auditors and other authorized representatives reasonable
access to the offices, properties, books and records of such party, (ii) furnish
or make available to the other party, its counsel, financial advisors, auditors
and other authorized representatives such financial and operating data and other
information as such Persons may reasonably request and (iii) instruct its
employees, counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other authorized
representatives to cooperate with the reasonable requests of the other party in
its investigation. Any investigation pursuant to this Section 8.4(a) shall be
conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of
the business of the other party. All such information shall be deemed
proprietary information of the delivering party, and shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, be kept confidential by the receiving party and not
used other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement. No information or knowledge obtained in any investigation pursuant to
this Section 8.4(a) shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or
warranty made by any party hereunder.

            (b) Each party hereto shall give notice to each other party hereto,
as promptly as practicable after the event giving rise to the requirement of
such notice, of:

                  (i) any communication received by such party from, or given by
such party to, any Governmental Entity in connection with any of the
transactions contemplated hereby;

                  (ii) any notice or other communication from any Person
alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and

                  (iii) any actions, suits, claims, investigations or
proceedings commenced or, to its knowledge, threatened against, relating to or
involving or otherwise affecting such party or any of its Subsidiaries that, if
pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been
disclosed, or that relate to the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant
to this Section 8.4(b) shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies
available hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

      Section 8.5 Further Assurances. At and after the Effective Time, the
officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation will be authorized to
execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of SBRG, any deeds, bills of
sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of
SBRG, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or
otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in,
to and under any of the rights, properties or assets of SBRG acquired or to be
acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the
Merger.

      Section 8.6 Tax Matters.

            (a) Prior to and following the Effective Time, each party shall use
its reasonable best efforts to cause the Merger to qualify as a 368
Reorganization and will not take any action or fail to take any action
reasonably likely to cause the Merger not so to qualify.

                                      A-34

            (b) Each party shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the
opinions referred to in Section 9.2(b) and Section 9.3(b).

      Section 8.7 Control of Other Party's Business. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall give CKE, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct
SBRG's operations prior to the Effective Time. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall give SBRG, directly or indirectly, the right to control or
direct CKE's operations prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective
Time, each of CKE and SBRG shall exercise, consistent with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its
respective operations.

      Section 8.8 Affiliate Letters. Within 30 days following the date hereof,
SBRG shall cause to be delivered to CKE a letter identifying, in SBRG's
reasonable judgment, the names and addresses of all Persons who may be deemed to
be "affiliates" of SBRG for purposes of Rule 145(c) under the Securities Act.
SBRG shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause each such Person who is
so identified to deliver to CKE on or prior to the 30th day prior to the
Effective Time a letter agreement reasonably satisfactory to CKE acknowledging
that such Person may be deemed an Affiliate of CKE following the Merger and thus
may be subject to restrictions on the resale of CKE Common Shares held by such
Person following the Merger.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                            CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

      Section 9.1 Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party. The obligations
of SBRG and CKE to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions:

            (a) each of the SBRG Stockholder Approval and the CKE Stockholder
Approval shall have been obtained;

            (b) the CKE Common Shares to be issued in the Merger shall have been
authorized for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance;

            (c) (i) the Registration Statement shall have become effective in
accordance with the provisions of the Securities Act, no stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued by the
SEC and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated by the SEC and
not concluded or withdrawn and (ii) all state securities or "blue sky"
authorizations necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby shall
have been obtained and be in effect;

            (d) any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act relating to the
Merger shall have expired or been earlier terminated without the imposition of
any Burdensome Condition;

            (e) no Governmental Entity of competent authority or jurisdiction
shall have issued any order, injunction or decree, or taken any other action,
that is in effect and restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits the consummation
of the Merger;

            (f) the parties shall have obtained or made all consent, approvals,
actions, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations, announcements and
filings contemplated by Section 4.3 and Section 5.3 which if not obtained or
made (i) would render consummation of the Merger illegal

                                      A-35

or (ii) would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Surviving Corporation, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the Merger; and

            (g) if required, CKE shall have obtained the consent of its lenders
under the CKE Senior Credit Facility to the Merger, this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, without the imposition of any Burdensome
Condition.

      Section 9.2 Conditions to the Obligations of SBRG. The obligations of SBRG
to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following
further conditions:

            (a) (i) CKE shall have performed in all material respects all of its
obligations hereunder required to be performed by it at or prior to the time of
the filing of the Certificate of Merger, (ii) the representations and warranties
of CKE contained in this Agreement (without giving effect to any materiality,
Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifications included therein) shall have
been true and correct when made and at and as of the time of the filing of the
Certificate of Merger as if made at and as of such time (except to the extent
any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in
which case it shall be true and correct as of such date), except for such
inaccuracies as would not be reasonably likely, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a CKE Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) SBRG shall have
received a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer of CKE to the foregoing effect;

            (b) SBRG shall have received an opinion of Christensen, Miller,
Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil & Shapiro, LLP (or other counsel acceptable to SBRG)
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to SBRG, on the basis of certain
facts, representations and reasonable assumptions set forth in such opinion,
dated as of the date of the filing of the Certificate of Merger, to the effect
that the Merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a 368
Reorganization. In rendering such opinion, such counsel shall be entitled to
rely upon customary representations of officers of SBRG and CKE in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to such counsel and other reasonable
assumptions set forth therein;

            (c) Except as set forth on the CKE Disclosure Schedule, since the
date of the CKE balance sheet included in the CKE 10-Q there shall not have
occurred any change in the financial condition, business or operations of CKE
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that would be reasonably likely to have
a CKE Material Adverse Effect.

      Section 9.3 Conditions to the Obligations of CKE. The obligations of CKE
to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following
further conditions:

            (a) (i) SBRG shall have performed in all material respects all of
its obligations hereunder required to be performed by it at or prior to the time
of filing of the Certificate of Merger, (ii) the representations and warranties
of SBRG contained in this Agreement (without giving effect to any materiality,
Material Adverse Effect or similar qualifications included therein) shall have
been true and correct when made and at and as of the time of the filing of the
Certificate of Merger as if made at and as of such time (except to the extent
any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in
which case it shall be true and correct as of such date), except for such
inaccuracies as would not be reasonably likely, individually or in the
aggregate, to have a SBRG Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) CKE shall have
received a certificate signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer of SBRG to the foregoing effect.

                                      A-36

            (b) Except as set forth on the SBRG Disclosure Schedule, since the
date of the SBRG balance sheet included in the SBRG 10-Q there shall not have
occurred any change in the financial condition, business or operations of SBRG
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that would be reasonably likely to have
a SBRG Material Adverse Effect.

            (c) In the event the SBRG stockholders have any appraisal,
dissenters' or similar rights under applicable law, no more than two percent
(2.0%) of the SBRG stockholders, determined as of the record date for the SBRG
Stockholders Meeting, shall have made an effective demand for exercise of their
appraisal, dissenters' or similar rights under applicable law.

                                   ARTICLE X

                                   TERMINATION

      Section 10.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time
prior to the Effective Time by written notice by the terminating party to the
other party (except if such termination is pursuant to Section 10.1(a)), whether
before or after the SBRG Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained:

            (a) by mutual written agreement of SBRG and CKE;

            (b) by either SBRG or CKE, if

                  (i) the Merger shall not have been consummated by March 29,
2002 (the "End Date"); provided, however, that the End Date may be extended by
SBRG or CKE until June 28, 2002 (the "Extended End Date") in the event that, as
of the End Date, all conditions to the Merger have been satisfied other than the
conditions set forth in Section 9.1(d), Section 9.1(f) or Section 9.1(g) above,
except that any party whose breach of any provision of or whose failure to
perform any obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or has
resulted in, the failure to obtain any consent or approval which has not been
obtained by the End Date shall not be permitted to extend the End Date to the
Extended End Date due to a failure of the conditions set forth in Section
9.1(d), Section 9.1(f) or 9.1(g) above; and provided further, that the right to
terminate this Agreement under this Section 10.1(b)(i) shall not be available to
any party whose breach of any provision of or whose failure to perform any
obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or has resulted in, the
failure of the Merger to occur on or before the End Date or the Extended End
Date, as the case may be;

                  (ii) there shall be any law or regulation that makes
consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or any judgment,
injunction, order or decree of any Governmental Entity having competent
jurisdiction enjoining SBRG or CKE from consummating the Merger is entered and
such judgment, injunction, judgment or order shall have become final and
nonappealable and, prior to such termination, the parties shall have used their
respective reasonable best efforts to resist, resolve or lift, as applicable,
such law, regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree; provided, however,
that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 10.1(b)(ii) shall
not be available to any party whose breach of any provision of or whose failure
to perform any obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of such law,
regulation, judgment, injunction, order or decree; or

                  (iii) at the SBRG Stockholders Meeting (including any
adjournment or postponement thereof), the SBRG Stockholder Approval shall not
have been obtained, or at the CKE

                                      A-37

Stockholders Meeting (including any adjournment or postponement thereof), the
CKE Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained;

            (c) by SBRG, (i) if CKE's Board of Directors shall have (A) amended,
modified, withdrawn, conditioned or qualified its recommendation in favor of the
transactions contemplated hereby in a manner materially adverse to SBRG, or (B)
failed to make such recommendation; (ii) if a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of CKE set forth in this Agreement
shall have occurred which would cause the condition set forth in Section 9.2(a)
not to be satisfied, and either such condition shall be incapable of being
satisfied by the End Date or, if applicable, the Extended End Date or such
breach or failure to perform has not been cured within 10 days after notice of
such breach or failure to perform has been given by SBRG to CKE, (iii) as
contemplated by Section 6.3(d); or (iv) if the Average CKE Common Share Price is
less than $6.25.

            (d) by CKE, (i) if SBRG's Board of Directors shall have (A) amended,
modified, withdrawn, conditioned or qualified the SBRG Recommendation in a
manner materially adverse to CKE, (B) recommended any Acquisition Proposal to
SBRG's stockholders, and/or (C) failed to make the SBRG Recommendation; (ii) if
a breach of or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement on the part of SBRG set forth in this Agreement shall have occurred
which would cause the condition set forth in Section 9.3(a) not to be satisfied,
and either such condition is incapable of being satisfied by the End Date or, if
applicable, the Extended End Date or such breach or failure to perform has not
been cured within 10 days after notice of such breach or failure to perform has
been given by CKE to SBRG; or (iii) if the Average CKE Common Share Price is
greater than $9.50.

      Section 10.2 Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated
pursuant to Section 10.1 (including any such termination by way of Section
6.3(d)), there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of CKE or SBRG,
or any of their respective officers, directors, stockholders, agents or
Affiliates, except the provisions of Sections 10.2, 10.3 and Article XII of this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and survive any termination of
this Agreement and except that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, neither SBRG nor CKE shall be relieved of or
released from any liabilities or damages arising out of its material breach of
or material failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

      Section 10.3 Expenses. Whether or not the Merger is consummated, all fees
and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses, except
that (i) each of SBRG and CKE shall bear and pay one-half of the costs and
expenses incurred in connection with the printing of the Registration Statement
and the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, as well as the SEC filing fees related
thereto, and (ii) if the Merger is consummated, the Surviving Corporation shall
pay, or cause to be paid, all state, local, foreign or provincial sales, use,
real property, transfer, stock transfer or similar taxes (including any interest
or penalties with respect thereto) attributable to the Merger. In addition, (A)
if the CKE stockholders do not approve the Merger, CKE shall reimburse SBRG for
all costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with the preparation of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, or (B) if the SBRG
Stockholder Approval is not obtained or if the condition in Section 9.3(c) is
not satisfied, SBRG shall reimburse CKE for all costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that in
either such event the maximum aggregate amount to be so reimbursed shall not
exceed $200,000.

                                      A-38

                                   ARTICLE XI

                                 INDEMNIFICATION

      Section 11.1 Liability for Breach of Representations and Warranties, etc.

            (a) By SBRG. Prior to the Effective Time and subject to the
limitations set forth in this Section, SBRG agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless CKE from and against any and all damages arising from, in connection
with, or incident to (i) any Breach of any of the representations, warranties,
covenants or agreements of SBRG contained in this Agreement, and (ii) any and
all Actions incidental to any of the foregoing.

            (b) By CKE. Prior to the Effective Time and subject to the
limitations set forth in this Section, CKE agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
SBRG from and against any and all Damages arising from, in connection with, or
incident to (i) any Breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements of CKE contained in this Agreement, and (ii) any and all Actions
incidental to any of the foregoing.

                                  ARTICLE XII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

      Section 12.1 Survival. The representations and warranties contained in
this Agreement shall not survive the Effective Time. The covenants contained in
Articles II, III and XII and Sections 7.3, 8.5 and 8.6 shall survive the
Effective Time.

      Section 12.2 Notices. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section
6.3(c), all notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder
shall be in writing (including facsimile or similar writing) and shall be given,

      if to CKE, to:      CKE Restaurants, Inc.
                          3916 State Street, Suite 300
                          Santa Barbara, California 93105
                          Attention: Mr. Andrew Puzder
                                     Chief Executive Officer
                          Facsimile: (805) 898-4220

      with a copy to:     Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth
                          660 Newport Center Drive, Suite 1600
                          Newport Beach, California 92660
                          Attention: C. Craig Carlson, Esq.
                          Facsimile: (949) 725-4100

      if to SBRG, to:     Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc.
                          3938 State Street, Suite 200
                          Santa Barbara, California 93105
                          Attention: Mr. Ted Abajian
                                     Chief Executive Officer
                          Facsimile: (805) 563-3844

                                      A-39

      with a copy to:     Christensen, Miller, Fink, Jacobs, Glaser, Weil &
                           Shapiro, LLP
                          2121 Avenue of the Stars
                          Eighteenth Floor
                          Los Angeles, California 90067
                          Attention: Stephen D. Silbert, Esq.
                          Facsimile: (310) 556-2920

or such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify
for the purpose by notice to the other party hereto. Each such notice, request
or other communication shall be effective upon receipt.

      Section 12.3 Amendments; No Waivers.

            (a) Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived prior
to the Effective Time if, and only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing
and signed, in the case of an amendment, by SBRG and CKE or in the case of a
waiver, by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective; provided,
however, that after the SBRG Stockholder Approval, no such amendment or waiver
shall, without the further approval of such stockholders, be made that would
require such approval under any applicable law, rule or regulation.

            (b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power
or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or
partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein
provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies
provided by law.

      Section 12.4 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns, provided that no party may assign, delegate
or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement
without the consent of the other party hereto. Any purported assignment in
violation hereof shall be null and void.

      Section 12.5 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in
accordance with and governed by the internal laws of the State of California
without reference to its principles of conflicts of laws.

      Section 12.6 Counterparts; Effectiveness; Third Party Beneficiaries. This
Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall
have received counterparts hereof signed by the other party hereto. Except as
set forth in Section 7.3, no provision of this Agreement is intended to confer
upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder.

      Section 12.7 Jurisdiction. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
Agreement, the parties hereto agree that any suit, action or proceeding seeking
to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in
connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
brought in a state court located in Santa Barbara, California, and each of the
parties hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts (and of the
appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding
and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent

                                      A-40

permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying
of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that
any such suit, action or proceeding which is brought in any such court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding
may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the
jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party
agrees that service of process on such party as provided in Section 12.2 shall
be deemed effective service of process on such party.

      Section 12.8 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY.

      Section 12.9 Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that
the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, this
being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity.

      Section 12.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written,
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

                           [signature page to follow]

                                      A-41

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year
first above written.

                                        SANTA BARBARA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC.

                                        By /s/ Ted Abajian
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Ted Abajian
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

                                        CKE RESTAURANTS, INC.

                                        By /s/ Andrew Puzder
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Andrew Puzder
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

                                      A-42

                                                                      APPENDIX B

                                                                   MORGAN KEEGAN

MORGAN KEEGAN & COMPANY, INC.
MORGAN KEEGAN TOWER
FIFTY FRONT STREET
MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE  38103
901/524-4100  TELEX  69-74324
WATS 800/366-7426
MEMBERS NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE, INC.

     December 20, 2001

     Board of Directors
     CKE Restaurants, Inc.
     3916 State Street, Suite 300
     Santa Barbara, CA  93105

     Members of the Board:

      You have requested the opinion of Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. ("Morgan
Keegan") in connection with the proposed acquisition by CKE Restaurants, Inc.
("CKE") of Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc. (the "SBRG") pursuant to the
draft Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 14, 2001 among the CKE
and SBRG (the "Merger Agreement"). The Merger Agreement provides, among other
things, for the merger of a newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary of CKE with
and into SBRG (the "Merger"). As a result of the Merger, SBRG will become a
wholly owned subsidiary of CKE. As set forth more fully in the Merger Agreement,
at the effective time of the Merger, each share of the common stock, par value
$0.08 per share, of SBRG ("SBRG Common Stock") will be converted into the right
to receive one-half of one share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
CKE ("CKE Common Stock") (the "Merger Consideration"). The terms and conditions
of the Merger are more fully set forth in the Merger Agreement.

      You have asked for our opinion as to whether the Merger Consideration
pursuant to the Merger Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of CKE Common Stock.

