URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/76174/000095014402000417/0000950144-02-000417.txt

26TH AVE N
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 2826
		CITY:			LARGO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33773
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7275302000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8545 126TH AVE NORTH
		CITY:			LARGO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33773

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PARADYNE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920717

S-4

g73658s-4.txt

PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC.

    AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON JANUARY 16, 2002

                                                     REGISTRATION NO. 333-
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ---------------------
                                    FORM S-4
                          REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                             ---------------------
                            PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC.
             (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

            DELAWARE                           3670                          75-2658219
(State or Other Jurisdiction of    (Primary Standard Industrial           (I.R.S. Employer
 Incorporation or Organization)    Classification Code Number)          Identification No.)

                            8545 126TH AVENUE NORTH
                              LARGO, FLORIDA 33773
                                 (727) 530-2000
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                   Registrant's principal executive offices)

                               PATRICK M. MURPHY
    SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, TREASURER AND SECRETARY
                            PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC.
                            8545 126TH AVENUE NORTH
                              LARGO, FLORIDA 33773
                                 (727) 530-2000
 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)

                                WITH COPIES TO:

                 BRYAN E. DAVIS                              W. TINLEY ANDERSON, III
            RICHARD J. OELHAFEN, JR.                            DANIEL O. KENNEDY
               ALSTON & BIRD LLP                                HUNTON & WILLIAMS
              ONE ATLANTIC CENTER                       BANK OF AMERICA PLAZA, SUITE 4100
           1201 WEST PEACHTREE STREET                       600 PEACHTREE STREET, N.E.
          ATLANTA, GEORGIA 30309-3424                      ATLANTA, GEORGIA 30308-2216
                 (404) 881-7000                                   (404) 888-4000

                             ----------------------

    APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE OF SECURITIES TO THE
PUBLIC:  As soon as practicable after the merger described in this Registration
Statement becomes effective.

    If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box.  [ ]

    If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.  [ ]

    If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.  [ ]

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF         AMOUNT TO BE         PROPOSED MAXIMUM             PROPOSED MAXIMUM            AMOUNT OF
    SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED       REGISTERED(1)   OFFERING PRICE PER UNIT(2)   AGGREGATE OFFERING PRICE(2)   REGISTRATION FEE
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, $0.001 par value......  10,718,526                $0.915                     $36,431,842                $8,708
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) This Registration Statement covers the expected maximum number of shares of
    the common stock of the Registrant which may be issued in connection with
    the merger, assuming exercise of all outstanding options to purchase common
    stock of Elastic Networks Inc. (the vesting of which has been accelerated in
    connection with the merger). The number of shares of the Registrant expected
    to be issued is based upon 31,524,351 outstanding shares of common stock and
    8,291,870 outstanding options to purchase common stock of Elastic and an
    exchange ratio of 0.2692 of a share of the Registrant per share of Elastic.

(2) Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee and based,
    pursuant to Rule 457(f) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on the
    average of the high and low sales prices of the shares of Elastic common
    stock as listed on the Nasdaq National Market on January 14, 2002.

    THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(a),
MAY DETERMINE.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE INFORMATION IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY
BE CHANGED. WE MAY NOT SELL THESE SECURITIES UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT
SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE
IS NOT PERMITTED.

          PRELIMINARY -- SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED JANUARY 16, 2002

                        [LOGO]                                                 [LOGO]
                PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC                                 ELASTIC NETWORKS INC.

                 MERGER PROPOSED -- YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

    On December 27, 2001, Paradyne Networks, Inc. agreed to acquire Elastic
Networks Inc. In the merger, each Elastic stockholder will receive, for each
share of Elastic common stock that the stockholder owns, a fraction of a share
of Paradyne common stock, which is referred to as the "exchange ratio." The
exchange ratio will be determined based in part on the average closing price of
Paradyne common stock during a ten trading day period ending two trading days
prior to the merger and in part on the amount of Elastic's net adjusted working
capital prior to the merger. If no adjustment is made to the exchange ratio
based on Elastic's net adjusted working capital prior to the merger, Elastic
stockholders will receive between .1990 and .2692 of a share of Paradyne common
stock for each share of Elastic common stock that they own. If an adjustment is
made to the exchange ratio based upon Elastic's net adjusted working capital
prior to the merger, then the exchange ratio could be lower than .1990 or higher
than .2692.

    If we completed the merger on the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus, the average closing price of Paradyne common stock for
purposes of establishing the exchange ratio would be $         . Assuming that
no adjustment was made to the exchange ratio based on Elastic's net adjusted
working capital prior to the merger, Elastic stockholders would receive
         of a share of Paradyne common stock for each share of Elastic common
stock that they own. Based on that exchange ratio and the number of shares of
Elastic common stock outstanding on the Elastic record date, Elastic
stockholders would receive, in the aggregate, approximately               shares
of Paradyne common stock. See "Summary -- What Elastic Stockholders Will Receive
in the Merger" on page 1.

    The merger requires the approval of Elastic stockholders. The issuance of
shares of Paradyne common stock in the merger and a related amendment to
Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase the
number of shares of Paradyne common stock that Paradyne is authorized to issue
from 60,000,000 shares to 80,000,000 shares require the approval of Paradyne
stockholders. Paradyne and Elastic have each scheduled special meetings of their
stockholders on          , 2002, to vote on these matters. Regardless of the
number of shares that you own or whether you plan to attend a meeting, it is
important that your shares be represented and voted. Voting instructions are
included in this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

    PARADYNE'S BOARD HAS APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND DETERMINED THAT THE
MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF PARADYNE COMMON STOCK IN THE
MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF PARADYNE AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS.
PARADYNE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS ALSO APPROVED THE AMENDMENT OF PARADYNE'S
AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND DETERMINED THAT THE
AMENDMENT IS ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF PARADYNE AND ITS
STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, PARADYNE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT
PARADYNE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO APPROVE THE ISSUANCE OF PARADYNE SHARES IN THE
MERGER AND THE ADOPTION OF THE AMENDMENT TO PARADYNE'S AMENDED AND RESTATED
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION.

    ELASTIC'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND IN THE
BEST INTERESTS OF ELASTIC AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, ELASTIC'S BOARD OF
DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT ELASTIC STOCKHOLDERS VOTE TO ADOPT THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND APPROVE THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY.

    Paradyne's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "PDYN." Elastic's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "ELAS."

    WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THIS ENTIRE DOCUMENT CAREFULLY AND THOUGHTFULLY,
INCLUDING THE SECTION ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 15 OF THIS
DOCUMENT FOR A DISCUSSION OF SOME OF THE RISKS RELEVANT TO THE MERGER.

NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES
COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THE SHARES OF PARADYNE COMMON STOCK TO
BE ISSUED IN THE MERGER OR DETERMINED IF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT-PROSPECTUS
IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL
OFFENSE.

    The date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus is          , 2002. It is
first being mailed to you together with a proxy card on or about          ,
2002.

                                  PLEASE NOTE

     As used in this joint proxy statement-prospectus, the term "Elastic" refers
to Elastic Networks Inc., and the term "Paradyne" refers to Paradyne Networks,
Inc. and, where the context requires, to Paradyne and its subsidiaries.

     No one has been authorized to give any information or make any
representation about the merger, the amendment of Paradyne's amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, Elastic or Paradyne that differs from, or
adds to, the information in this joint proxy statement-prospectus, the documents
that are referred to in this document or in the documents Paradyne files with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Therefore, if anyone does
give you different or additional information, you should not rely on it.

     This joint proxy statement-prospectus has been prepared as of           ,
2002. There may be changes in the affairs of Elastic or Paradyne since that date
that are not reflected in this document.

     Paradyne has supplied all information contained or incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement-prospectus relating to Paradyne, as well
as all pro forma financial information, and Elastic has supplied all information
contained in this joint proxy statement-prospectus relating to Elastic.

                      HOW TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

     This joint proxy statement-prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Paradyne that is not included in or delivered with
this document. We encourage you to read this information along with information
about both Paradyne and Elastic that has been publicly filed with the SEC by
both companies. None of the information Elastic has publicly filed with the SEC
is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement-prospectus. This
information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral
request. You can obtain free copies of this information by requesting it in
writing or by telephone from Paradyne or Elastic at the following addresses and
telephone numbers:

               PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC.                      ELASTIC NETWORKS INC.
              Attn: Investor Relations                 Attn: Darrell E. Borne, C.F.O.
               8545 126th Avenue North                6120 Windward Parkway, Suite 100
                Largo, Florida 33773                      Alpharetta, Georgia 30005
                   (727) 530-2000                              (678) 297-3100

     IN ORDER TO OBTAIN TIMELY DELIVERY OF ANY DOCUMENTS THAT YOU REQUEST, YOU
MUST REQUEST THE INFORMATION BY           , 2002.

     See "Where You Can Find More Information" beginning on page 99.

                            PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC.

                               ------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                         TO BE HELD             , 2002

                               ------------------

To the Stockholders of Paradyne:

     We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Paradyne Networks, Inc.
for the following purposes:

     - to consider and vote upon a proposal to issue shares of Paradyne common
       stock in the merger contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger,
       dated as of December 27, 2001, as amended on January 4, 2002, among
       Paradyne, Phoenix Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly
       owned subsidiary of Paradyne, and Elastic Networks Inc., a Delaware
       corporation, as it may be further amended from time to time;

     - to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt an amendment to Paradyne's
       amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase the number
       of shares of common stock that Paradyne is authorized to issue from
       60,000,000 shares to 80,000,000 shares; and

     - to transact other business as may properly be presented at the special
       meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting,
       including, if submitted to a vote of the stockholders, a motion to
       adjourn the special meeting to another time or place for the purpose of
       soliciting additional proxies.

     The special meeting will be held at 10:00 a.m. on           , 2002 at
Paradyne's offices located at 8545 126th Avenue North, Largo, Florida 33773.

     Only stockholders of record at the close of business on           , 2002
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements of the special meeting. Paradyne will keep a list
of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting available for inspection
at its offices in Largo, Florida, for any purpose germane to the special
meeting, during ordinary business hours, during the ten-day period before the
special meeting. The list of stockholders will also be provided and kept at the
location of the special meeting during the whole time of the meeting, and may be
inspected by any stockholder who is present.

     Your vote is important. The proposal to issue Paradyne shares in the merger
requires the approval of the holders of a majority of the shares of Paradyne
common stock cast on the proposal at the special meeting. The proposal to adopt
an amendment to Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires the approval of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the shares of
Paradyne common stock outstanding on the record date.

     YOU ARE URGED TO READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY. IT IS VERY IMPORTANT THAT
YOUR SHARES BE REPRESENTED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO
ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, PLEASE VOTE IN ANY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING WAYS:

     - USE THE TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER (FOR CALLS MADE IN THE UNITED STATES,
       CANADA AND PUERTO RICO) SHOWN ON THE PROXY CARD OR VOTING INSTRUCTION
       CARD;

     - USE THE INTERNET WEBSITE SHOWN ON THE PROXY CARD OR VOTING INSTRUCTION
       CARD; OR

     - MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD OR VOTING
       INSTRUCTION CARD IN THE POSTAGE PAID ENVELOPE SO THAT IT WILL BE RECEIVED
       NO LATER THAN           , 2002. IT REQUIRES NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE
       UNITED STATES.

     All shares represented by properly completed and submitted proxies that are
not revoked before they are voted at the special meeting will be voted in
accordance with the specifications on the proxy. If no such specifications are
made, proxies will be voted FOR issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger and
FOR the adoption of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate
of incorporation.

     If you attend the special meeting, you may vote in person if you wish, even
though you have previously returned your proxy or submitted your vote using the
telephone or the Internet. Action may be taken on the proposals set forth above
at the special meeting on the date specified above or on any dates to which the
special meeting may be adjourned or postponed.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          PATRICK M. MURPHY
                                          Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                          Officer,
                                          Treasurer and Secretary
Largo, Florida
          , 2002

                             ELASTIC NETWORKS INC.

                               ------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                         TO BE HELD             , 2002

                               ------------------

To the Stockholders of Elastic:

     We will hold a special meeting of stockholders of Elastic Networks Inc. for
the following purposes:

     - to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of
       Merger, dated December 27, 2001, as amended on January 4, 2002, among
       Paradyne Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Phoenix Merger Sub,
       Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Paradyne,
       and Elastic, as it may be further amended from time to time, and approve
       the transactions contemplated thereby. These transactions include the
       acquisition of Elastic by Paradyne and the exchange of each share of
       Elastic common stock for a fraction of a share of Paradyne common stock.
       The merger agreement governs the terms of Paradyne's acquisition of
       Elastic and is attached to this joint proxy statement-prospectus as Annex
       A; and

     - to transact other business as may properly be presented at the special
       meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting,
       including, if submitted to a vote of the stockholders, a motion to
       adjourn the special meeting to another time or place for the purpose of
       soliciting additional proxies.

     The special meeting will be held at 10:00 a.m., on           , 2002 at the
Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta, 5750 Windward Parkway, Alpharetta, Georgia 30005.

     Only stockholders of record at the close of business on           , 2002
are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and any
adjournments or postponements of the special meeting. Elastic will keep a list
of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting available for inspection
at its offices in Alpharetta, Georgia, for any purpose germane to the special
meeting, during ordinary business hours, during the ten-day period before the
special meeting. The list of stockholders will also be provided and kept at the
location of the special meeting during the whole time of the meeting, and may be
inspected by any stockholder who is present.

     Your vote is important. The proposal to adopt the merger agreement and
approve the transactions contemplated thereby will require the approval of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Elastic common stock outstanding on the
record date.

     YOU ARE URGED TO READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY. IT IS VERY IMPORTANT THAT
YOUR SHARES BE REPRESENTED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO
ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, PLEASE VOTE IN ANY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING WAYS:

     - USE THE TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE NUMBER (FOR CALLS MADE IN THE UNITED STATES,
       CANADA AND PUERTO RICO) SHOWN ON THE PROXY CARD OR VOTING INSTRUCTION
       CARD;

     - USE THE INTERNET WEBSITE SHOWN ON THE PROXY CARD OR VOTING INSTRUCTION
       CARD; OR

     - MARK, SIGN, DATE AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD OR VOTING
       INSTRUCTION CARD IN THE POSTAGE PAID ENVELOPE SO THAT IT WILL BE RECEIVED
       NO LATER THAN           , 2002. IT REQUIRES NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE
       UNITED STATES.

     All shares represented by properly completed and submitted proxies that are
not revoked before they are voted at the special meeting will be voted in
accordance with the specifications on the proxy. If no

such specifications are made, proxies will be voted FOR adoption of the merger
agreement and approval of the transactions contemplated thereby.

     If you attend the special meeting, you may vote in person if you wish, even
though you have previously returned your proxy or submitted your vote using the
telephone or the Internet. Action may be taken on the merger agreement proposal
at the special meeting on the date specified above or on any dates to which the
special meeting may be adjourned or postponed.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          GUY D. GILL
                                          President, Chief Executive Officer and
                                          Chairman of the Board
Alpharetta, Georgia
          , 2002

                               

                                                                 PAGE
                                                               ---------

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER......................          iv
SUMMARY.....................................................           1
  The Companies.............................................           1
  The Merger................................................           1
  What Elastic Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger......           1
  Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger....           2
  Recommendation of the Boards of Directors.................           2
  Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger................           3
  Opinions of Financial Advisors............................           3
  Paradyne's Reasons for the Merger.........................           3
  Elastic's Reasons for the Merger..........................           3
  Completion of the Merger..................................           3
  The Paradyne Special Meeting..............................           4
  The Elastic Special Meeting...............................           4
  Regulatory Approval and Other Conditions..................           4
  Amendment and Termination.................................           5
  Solicitation Prohibitions.................................           6
  Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement Payment.........           6
  Effect of the Merger on Elastic Options...................           6
  Appraisal Rights..........................................           6
  Voting Agreements.........................................           6
  Certain Differences in Stockholders' Rights...............           7
  Amendment of Paradyne's Amended and Restated Certificate
     of Incorporation.......................................           7
  Comparative Market Prices of Common Stock.................           8
  Selected Historical Consolidated Financial
     Data -- Paradyne.......................................           9
  Selected Historical Financial Data -- Elastic.............          11
  Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
     Information............................................          13
  Historical and Pro Forma Comparative Per Share Data.......          14
RISK FACTORS................................................          15
  Risks Related to the Merger...............................          15
  Risks Related to Elastic's Business.......................          18
A WARNING ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS..................          21
THE SPECIAL MEETINGS........................................          22
  General...................................................          22
  Date, Time and Place of the Special Meetings..............          22
  Purpose of the Special Meetings...........................          22
  Stockholder Record Dates for the Special Meetings and
     Voting Rights..........................................          22
  Quorum and Vote Required..................................          23
  Proxies...................................................          23
  Voting Electronically or by Telephone.....................          24
  Solicitation of Proxies...................................          25
  Appraisal Rights..........................................          25
THE MERGER..................................................          26
  General...................................................          26
  What Elastic Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger......          26
  Background of the Merger..................................          31
  Recommendation of the Paradyne Board and Reasons for the
     Merger.................................................          34
  Recommendation of the Elastic Board and Reasons for the
     Merger.................................................          36
  Opinion of Paradyne's Financial Advisor...................          38
  Opinion of Elastic's Financial Advisor....................          42
  Completion of the Merger..................................          50
  Distribution of Paradyne Stock Certificates...............          50
  Conditions to Completion of the Merger....................          51
  Regulatory Approval.......................................          52

                                        i

                                                                 PAGE
                                                               ---------

  Representations and Warranties............................          52
  Conduct of Business Pending the Merger....................          53
  Waiver, Amendment, and Termination........................          55
  Board Recommendation......................................          57
  Solicitation Prohibitions.................................          58
  Effect of the Merger on Elastic Options...................          59
  Treatment of TeleChoice Warrant...........................          59
  Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger....          59
  Accounting Treatment......................................          60
  Nasdaq National Market Listing............................          60
  Expenses..................................................          60
  Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement Payment.........          61
  Modifications to Elastic Intellectual Property Agreements
     and Other Agreements with Nortel Networks..............          62
  Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger................          63
  Employee Benefits and Contracts...........................          66
  Resales of Paradyne Common Stock..........................          66
  Voting Agreements.........................................          66
  Management and Operations After the Merger................          67
EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE RIGHTS OF ELASTIC
  STOCKHOLDERS..............................................          68
  Capitalization............................................          68
  Voting Rights.............................................          68
  Number and Election of Directors..........................          69
  Removal of Directors and Vacancies on the Board of
     Directors..............................................          69
  Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation............          70
  Amendments to the Bylaws..................................          70
  Action by Written Consent.................................          70
  Ability to Call Special Stockholders Meetings.............          70
  Notice of Stockholder Action..............................          71
  Limitation of Personal Liability of Directors and
     Officers...............................................          72
  Indemnification of Directors and Officers.................          72
  State Anti-Takeover Statutes..............................          74
COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS.....................          75
INFORMATION ABOUT PARADYNE..................................          76
INFORMATION ABOUT ELASTIC...................................          77
  Overview..................................................          77
  Manufacturing and Raw Materials...........................          77
  Research and Development..................................          78
  Customers.................................................          78
  Competition...............................................          79
  Intellectual Property.....................................          80
  Employees.................................................          81
  Properties................................................          81
  Legal Proceedings.........................................          82
ELASTIC MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.......................          83
  Overview..................................................          83
  Results of Operations.....................................          85
  Liquidity and Capital Resources...........................          88
  Selected Quarterly Financial Data.........................          90
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements..........................          90
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT ELASTIC'S
  MARKET RISK...............................................          91
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF ELASTIC VOTING SECURITIES...........          92

                                        ii

                                                                 PAGE
                                                               ---------

DESCRIPTION OF PARADYNE CAPITAL STOCK.......................          94
  General...................................................          94
  Common Stock..............................................          94
  Preferred Stock...........................................          94
AMENDMENT OF PARADYNE'S AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF
  INCORPORATION.............................................          95
  General...................................................          95
  Change in Capitalization..................................          95
  Recommendation of the Board; Vote Required for Approval...          96
OTHER MATTERS...............................................          96
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS.......................................          97
EXPERTS.....................................................          97
OPINIONS....................................................          98
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION.........................          99
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL
  INFORMATION...............................................         100
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF ELASTIC NETWORKS INC.......         F-1

Annex A -- Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among
  Paradyne Networks, Inc., Phoenix Merger Sub, Inc. and
  Elastic Networks Inc., as amended.........................   Annex A-1

Annex B -- Form of Elastic Voting Agreement for Certain
  Officers and Directors....................................   Annex B-1

Annex C -- Elastic Voting Agreement for Nortel Networks
  Inc. .....................................................   Annex C-1

Annex D -- Warrant Termination Agreement....................   Annex D-1

Annex E -- Form of Paradyne Voting Agreements for Certain
  Officers and Directors....................................   Annex E-1

Annex F -- Paradyne Voting Agreement for Thomas E. Epley....   Annex F-1

Annex G -- Form of Paradyne Voting Agreements for Certain
  Entities Affiliated with the Texas Pacific Group..........   Annex G-1

Annex H -- Opinion of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. .....   Annex H-1

Annex I -- Opinion of Robertson Stephens, Inc. .............   Annex I-1

Annex J -- Form of Amendment to Paradyne's Amended and
  Restated Certificate of Incorporation.....................   Annex J-1

                                       iii

                     QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

Q: WHAT AM I BEING ASKED TO VOTE UPON?

A: If you are an Elastic stockholder, you are being asked to adopt the merger
   agreement and approve Paradyne's acquisition of Elastic in accordance with
   the terms of the merger agreement.

  If you are a Paradyne stockholder, you are being asked to approve the issuance
  of the shares of Paradyne common stock necessary to complete the merger under
  the merger agreement and to adopt the amendment to Paradyne's amended and
  restated certificate of incorporation.

Q: WHAT STOCKHOLDER APPROVALS ARE NEEDED?

A: For Elastic, the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and approve the
   transactions contemplated thereby requires the approval of the holders of a
   majority of the shares of Elastic common stock outstanding on the record
   date. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share.
   Directors, officers and stockholders of Elastic owning approximately      %
   of the outstanding shares of Elastic common stock on the Elastic record date
   have entered into voting agreements with Paradyne and Elastic where they have
   agreed to vote their shares of Elastic common stock in favor of the adoption
   of the merger agreement and approval of the transactions contemplated
   thereby.

  For Paradyne, the proposal to issue Paradyne shares in the merger requires the
  approval of the holders of a majority of the shares of Paradyne common stock
  cast on the proposal at the Paradyne special meeting, and the proposal to
  amend Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires
  the approval of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the shares of Paradyne
  common stock outstanding on the record date. Approval of both proposals is a
  condition to the completion of the merger. Directors, officers and
  stockholders of Paradyne owning approximately      % of the outstanding shares
  of Paradyne common stock on the Paradyne record date have entered into voting
  agreements with Elastic where they have agreed to vote their shares of
  Paradyne common stock in favor of the issuance of Paradyne shares in the
  merger and the adoption of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated
  certificate of incorporation.

Q: WHEN AND WHERE ARE THE SPECIAL MEETINGS GOING TO BE HELD?

A: The special meeting of Paradyne stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m. on
             , 2002 at 8545 126th Avenue North, Largo, Florida 33773.

  The special meeting of Elastic stockholders will be held at 10:00 a.m. on
            , 2002 at the Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta, 5750 Windward Parkway,
  Alpharetta, Georgia 30005.

Q: WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
   joint proxy statement-prospectus, please complete, sign and date your proxy
   card or voting instruction card and return it in the enclosed postage paid
   envelope, or, if available to you, submit your proxy or voting instructions
   by telephone or through the Internet, as soon as possible so that your shares
   may be represented at your special meeting.

Q: WHAT IF I DO NOT VOTE?

A: If you are an Elastic stockholder on the record date and fail to respond, it
   will have the same effect as a vote against the merger.

  If you are a Paradyne stockholder and fail to respond, assuming a quorum is
  present at the special meeting, your failure to respond will have the same
  effect as a vote against adoption of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and
  restated certificate of incorporation, but will have no effect on the approval
  of the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger.

  If you are an Elastic stockholder or a Paradyne stockholder and you respond
  and do not indicate how you want to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote
  for adoption of the merger agreement, the issuance of Paradyne shares in the
  merger and the adoption of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated
  certificate of incorporation, as applica-
                                        iv

   ble. If you respond and abstain from voting, your proxy will have the same
   effect as a vote against adoption of the merger agreement and the adoption of
   the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of
   incorporation, as applicable, but will have no effect on the approval of the
   issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger.

Q: CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE AFTER I HAVE DELIVERED MY PROXY?

A: Yes. You can change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at your
   special meeting. You can do this in one of three ways. First, you can revoke
   your proxy or voting instructions without submitting a new proxy or voting
   instructions. In this case, you must submit your notice of revocation:

   -  to the secretary of either Paradyne or Elastic, as appropriate, before
      your special meeting, if you are a holder of record; or

   -  to your brokerage firm or bank before your special meeting, if you hold
      your shares in an account at a brokerage firm or bank.

   Second, you can submit a new proxy or voting instructions. If you submit your
   proxy or voting instructions by mail, electronically through the Internet or
   by telephone, you can change your vote by submitting a new proxy or voting
   instructions at any time prior to the date of your special meeting, by using
   the same procedures, in which case your later submitted proxy or voting
   instructions will be recorded and your earlier submitted proxy or voting
   instructions will be revoked.

   Third, if your are a holder of record, you can attend your special meeting
   and vote in person.

Q: SHOULD I SEND IN MY STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A: No. Please do not send in your stock certificates with your proxy.

  After the merger is completed, Elastic stockholders will receive written
  instructions from the exchange agent on how to exchange their shares of
  Elastic common stock for the shares of Paradyne common stock to which they are
  entitled. Paradyne stockholders will continue to be stockholders of Paradyne
  and should retain their stock certificates.

Q: WHEN DO YOU EXPECT THE MERGER TO BE COMPLETED?

A: We are working to complete the merger as quickly as possible. We expect to
   complete the merger during the first quarter of 2002.

Q: WHO CAN HELP ANSWER MY QUESTIONS?

A: If you have any questions about the merger or how to submit your proxy, or if
   you need additional copies of this joint proxy statement-prospectus or the
   enclosed proxy card or voting instructions, you should contact:

  If you are a Paradyne stockholder:

                              PARADYNE NETWORKS, INC.
                             Attn: Investor Relations
                              8545 126th Avenue North
                               Largo, Florida 33773
                                  (727) 530-2000

  If you are an Elastic stockholder:

                               ELASTIC NETWORKS INC.
                          Attn: Darrell E. Borne, C.F.O.
                         6120 Windward Parkway, Suite 100
                             Alpharetta, Georgia 30005
                                  (678) 297-3100

  Stockholders of Paradyne may also receive information from Paradyne's proxy
  solicitor:

                                MORROW & CO., INC.
                                 44 S. Park Avenue
                             New York, New York 10022
                             Toll-Free: (800) 607-0088

                                        v

                                    SUMMARY

     This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement-prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should carefully read this entire document and the other
documents we refer to in this document. These documents will give you a more
complete description of the transaction we are proposing. For more information
about Paradyne and Elastic, see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page
99. We have included page references in this summary to direct you to other
places in this joint proxy statement-prospectus where you can find a more
complete description of the topics we have summarized.

THE COMPANIES (SEE PAGE 76 FOR PARADYNE AND PAGE 77 FOR ELASTIC)

Paradyne Networks, Inc.
8545 126th Avenue North
Largo, Florida 33773
Telephone: (727) 530-2000

     Paradyne is a leading developer, manufacturer and distributor of broadband
network access products for network service providers, commonly referred to as
NSPs, and business customers. Paradyne offers solutions that enable high-speed
connectivity over the existing telephone network infrastructure and provide for
cost-effective access speeds of up to 45 megabits per second. NSPs use
Paradyne's broadband products to enable high-speed connections from the central
office to the customer premise. Moreover, Paradyne's broadband products enable
NSPs to more efficiently provide network access services by allowing a high
level of management, monitoring and control over network access equipment and
circuits. Business customers use Paradyne's broadband products for high-speed
connection of voice and data communications to connect their employees to
corporate wide area networks and to the Internet using both public and private
services provided by NSPs.

Elastic Networks Inc.
6120 Windward Parkway, Suite 100
Alpharetta, Georgia 30005
Telephone: (678) 297-3100

     Elastic designs, develops and markets high-speed, broadband communications
products that enable service providers to deliver easy to deploy and
cost-effective broadband access solutions to their customers over the existing
copper telephone wire infrastructure. Elastic designs products based on its
patented EtherLoop technology to deliver a next generation access solution.
EtherLoop's advantages overcome many of the deployment, performance, cost and
quality of service limitations of conventional digital subscriber line, or DSL,
technologies.

THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 26)

     Pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger among Paradyne, Phoenix Merger
Sub, Inc. and Elastic, Paradyne will acquire Elastic by means of the merger of
Phoenix Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of Paradyne, with and into
Elastic. Paradyne and Elastic expect that the merger will occur on the same day
as the Paradyne and Elastic special meetings.

WHAT ELASTIC STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 26)

     In the merger, Elastic stockholders will receive a fraction of a share of
Paradyne common stock for each share of Elastic common stock they own, based on
the exchange ratio.

     The exchange ratio will be determined based in part on the average closing
price of Paradyne common stock on the Nasdaq National Market for the ten trading
days ending two trading days prior to the merger and based in part on the amount
of Elastic's net adjusted working capital prior to the merger.

     First, a fraction will be determined based on the average closing price of
Paradyne common stock, as set forth below:

- - .1990 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price is
  greater than $5.00 per share;

- - that fraction of a share of Paradyne common stock equal to the quotient
  obtained by dividing $.995 by the average closing price, if the average
  closing price is greater than $4.35 per share but less than or equal to $5.00
  per share;

- - .2288 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price is
  equal to or greater

  than $3.21 per share but less than or equal to $4.35 per share;

- - that fraction of a share of Paradyne common stock equal to the quotient
  obtained by dividing $.735 by the average closing price, if the average
  closing price is less than $3.21 per share but greater than or equal to $2.73
  per share; and

- - .2692 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price is
  less than $2.73 per share.

     The fraction determined as set forth above will then be multiplied by an
"adjustment factor" based on Elastic's net adjusted working capital to determine
the exchange ratio. The adjustment factor equals the quotient obtained by
dividing (1) Elastic's "closing net adjusted working capital amount" plus
$12,050,000 by (2) the "targeted net adjusted working capital amount" plus
$12,050,000. If the difference between the targeted net adjusted working capital
and the closing net adjusted working capital amounts is less than $100,000, then
the adjustment factor will be one.

     Elastic's closing net adjusted working capital will equal the difference
between Elastic's current assets and current liabilities, minus the amount of
certain expenses related to the transaction and certain other items. The
targeted net adjusted working capital amounts are based on the date on which the
merger occurs, ranging from $16,838,000, if the merger occurs prior to February
28, 2002, to $16,799,000, if the merger occurs on or after April 15, 2002.

     If the merger was completed on           , 2002, the date of this joint
proxy statement-prospectus, the average closing price for purposes of
calculating the exchange ratio of Paradyne common stock would be $          .
Assuming that no adjustment was made to the exchange ratio based on Elastic's
net adjusted working capital prior to the merger, the exchange ratio would be
          .

     For illustrative examples of the calculation of the exchange ratio and a
tabular presentation showing various possible exchange ratios, see "The
Merger -- What Elastic Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger." You should note
that the actual value of the consideration and the number of Paradyne shares
issued in the merger may differ from these illustrative examples.

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 59)

     We expect that, for federal income tax purposes, Elastic stockholders will
not recognize any gain or loss upon their exchange of Elastic common stock for
shares of Paradyne common stock in the merger. Elastic stockholders may,
however, recognize taxable gain or loss related to any cash they receive in lieu
of a fractional share of Paradyne common stock.

     Before the merger can be completed, Paradyne and Elastic must receive
opinions of Alston & Bird LLP and Hunton & Williams, respectively, with respect
to material federal income tax consequences of the merger.

     Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences of the merger to
you will depend on the facts of your specific situation. You should consult your
own tax advisor to determine the effect of the merger under federal, state,
local and foreign tax laws.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (SEE PAGE 34 FOR PARADYNE AND PAGE 36
FOR ELASTIC)

     To Paradyne Stockholders:  Paradyne's board of directors has approved the
merger agreement and determined that the merger agreement and the issuance of
shares of Paradyne common stock in the merger are advisable and in the best
interests of Paradyne and its stockholders. Paradyne's board of directors has
also approved the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and determined that the amendment is advisable and in the best
interests of Paradyne and its stockholders. Accordingly, Paradyne's board of
directors recommends that Paradyne stockholders vote FOR the issuance of
Paradyne shares in the merger and FOR the adoption of the amendment to
Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

     To Elastic Stockholders:  Elastic's board of directors has approved the
merger agreement and determined that the merger agreement and the merger are
advisable and in the best interests of Elastic and its stockholders.
Accordingly, Elastic's board of directors recommends that Elastic stock-

holders vote FOR the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and approve the
transactions contemplated thereby.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 63)

     Some of the directors and executive officers of Elastic have interests in
the merger that are different from or in addition to the interests of Elastic
stockholders. These interests include:

- - acceleration of vesting of options as a result of the merger;

- - payments under employment and change-in-control agreements upon the occurrence
  of certain events after the merger; and

- - the right to continued indemnification and insurance coverage after the
  merger.

     Additionally, Paradyne has agreed to grant Nortel Networks Inc., Elastic's
largest stockholder, registration rights following the merger in certain
circumstances. Furthermore, Elastic has amended various other agreements it has
entered into with Nortel Networks in contemplation of the merger.

OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS (SEE PAGE 38 FOR PARADYNE AND PAGE 42 FOR
ELASTIC)

     Paradyne:  In deciding to approve the merger and recommend the issuance of
Paradyne shares in the merger and the amendment to Paradyne's certificate of
incorporation, the Paradyne board of directors considered the opinion of its
financial advisor, Raymond James & Associates, Inc., that as of December 27,
2001, the consideration to be paid by Paradyne in connection with the merger was
fair, from a financial point of view, to Paradyne. Raymond James' opinion is
directed to the Paradyne board of directors and does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote on the issuance of Paradyne
shares in the merger or any other related matters. The full text of Raymond
James' opinion is attached as Annex H to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
Paradyne stockholders are urged to, and should, read Raymond James' opinion
carefully and in its entirety.

     Elastic:  In connection with the merger, the Elastic board of directors
considered an opinion from Robertson Stephens, Inc. as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger. The
full text of Robertson Stephens' written opinion dated December 27, 2001 is
attached to this joint proxy statement-prospectus as Annex I. You are encouraged
to read this opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken.
Robertson Stephens' opinion is addressed to the Elastic board and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder with respect to any matters
relating to the proposed merger.

PARADYNE'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 34)

     Paradyne's board of directors believes that combining Elastic's
Ethernet-based DSL business with Paradyne's existing broadband network access
business provides a unique opportunity to help Paradyne achieve its strategic
goals of complementing and expanding its set of DSL products and increasing its
customer base. The Paradyne board also believes that because of this, the merger
provides an opportunity for achieving enhanced financial performance and
increasing stockholder value.

ELASTIC'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 36)

     The Elastic board believes that the merger provides a vehicle for achieving
the long-term strategic and financial goals of Elastic while at the same time
offering Elastic stockholders the ability to participate in these goals by
becoming stockholders of Paradyne. The Elastic board also believes that the
merger provides significant opportunities for costs savings, revenue growth,
technological development and other benefits.

COMPLETION OF THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 50)

     The merger will be completed at the time specified in the certificate of
merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. If the
Elastic stockholders adopt the merger agreement and approve the transactions
contemplated thereby at the Elastic special meeting, the Paradyne stockholders
approve both the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger and the adoption of
the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation at
the Paradyne special meeting and all required

approvals are obtained and conditions are satisfied, we currently anticipate
that the merger will be completed on or about           , 2002.

     Paradyne and Elastic cannot assure you that they can obtain the necessary
stockholder and regulatory approvals or that the other conditions to completion
of the merger can or will be satisfied.

THE PARADYNE SPECIAL MEETING (SEE PAGE 22)

     Paradyne will hold a special meeting for the purpose of its stockholders
approving the proposal to issue Paradyne shares in the merger and the proposal
to amend Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This
special meeting will be held at 10:00 a.m. on           , 2002, at 8545 126th
Avenue North, Largo, Florida 33773.

     Paradyne stockholders will be entitled to vote at the Paradyne special
meeting if they owned shares of Paradyne common stock as of           , 2002,
the Paradyne record date. As of the Paradyne record date, there were
          shares of Paradyne common stock outstanding. A majority of the
Paradyne shares outstanding as of the Paradyne record date must be represented
in person or by proxy at the special meeting in order for a quorum to be
present.

     The proposal to issue Paradyne shares in the merger requires the approval
of the holders of a majority of the shares of Paradyne common stock cast on the
proposal at the Paradyne special meeting. The proposal to adopt an amendment to
Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the
approval of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the shares of Paradyne common
stock outstanding on the Paradyne record date. Approval of both proposals is a
condition to the completion of the merger. Directors and executive officers of
Paradyne and their affiliates held, on the Paradyne record date, approximately
     % of the outstanding shares of Paradyne common stock entitled to vote at
the Paradyne special meeting.

THE ELASTIC SPECIAL MEETING (SEE PAGE 22)

     Elastic will hold a special meeting for the purpose of its stockholders
considering a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and approve the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Elastic special meeting will be held at
10:00 a.m. on           , 2002 at the Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta, 5750 Windward
Parkway, Alpharetta, Georgia 30005.

     Elastic stockholders will be entitled to vote at the Elastic special
meeting if they owned shares of Elastic common stock as of           , 2002, the
Elastic record date. As of the Elastic record date, there were      shares of
Elastic common stock outstanding. A majority of the Elastic shares outstanding
as of the Elastic record date must be represented in person or by proxy at the
special meeting in order for a quorum to be present.

     The proposal to adopt the merger agreement and approve the transactions
contemplated thereby requires the approval of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Elastic common stock outstanding on the Elastic record date. Directors
and executive officers of Elastic and their affiliates held, on the Elastic
record date, approximately      % of the outstanding shares of Elastic common
stock entitled to vote at the Elastic special meeting.

REGULATORY APPROVAL AND OTHER CONDITIONS (SEE PAGE 51 AND PAGE 52)

     Based on the closing price of Elastic common stock on the date of this
joint proxy statement-prospectus, the merger is not subject to the approval of
the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Justice or the expiration of
any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, as amended. If the market capitalization of Elastic increases and a filing
with these regulators is required, we will make that filing and the merger will
be subject to the expiration of the applicable Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period.

     In addition to any required regulatory clearance, the merger will be
completed only if various conditions, including the following, are satisfied or
waived, if waivable:

- - Elastic's stockholders adopt the merger agreement and approve the transactions
  contemplated thereby at the Elastic special meeting;

- - Paradyne's stockholders approve the issuance of Paradyne shares at the
  Paradyne special meeting;

- - Paradyne's stockholders adopt the amendment to Paradyne's amended and restated
  certificate

  of incorporation at the Paradyne special meeting;

- - Elastic and Paradyne receive an opinion of their respective counsel that the
  exchange of Elastic common stock for Paradyne common stock in the merger will
  be tax-free to the Elastic stockholders;

- - there is no governmental or regulatory action or legislation prohibiting the
  merger; and

- - there has been no material adverse effect on Paradyne or Elastic. A "material
  adverse effect" is defined generally as an event or change that, individually
  or taken together with other events or changes, has a material adverse effect
  on Paradyne's or Elastic's, as applicable, financial position, business or
  results of operations or ability to perform with its obligations under the
  merger agreement, subject to exceptions for changes in general economic
  conditions, general industry conditions and, in the case of Paradyne, changes
  in its stock price.

     In addition to these conditions, the merger agreement, attached to this
joint proxy statement-prospectus as Annex A, describes other conditions that
must be met before the merger may be completed.

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION (SEE PAGE 55)

     The parties may terminate the merger agreement under several circumstances.
Paradyne and Elastic may mutually agree to terminate the merger agreement and
elect not to complete the merger at any time before the merger is completed,
even if Elastic's and Paradyne's stockholders have already approved the adoption
of the merger agreement, the issuance of Paradyne shares and the adoption of the
amendment to Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
respectively. Either of the parties also can terminate the merger agreement
under other circumstances, including:

- - if the merger is not completed by May 15, 2002, subject to extension to June
  30, 2002 if required regulatory approvals have not been received or there is a
  governmental or regulatory action or legislation prohibiting the merger;

- - if the parties have failed to receive any consent of any regulatory authority
  required to complete the merger, or any law or order permanently prohibiting
  the merger has become final and nonappealable;

- - if the stockholders of Elastic fail to adopt the merger agreement and approve
  the transactions contemplated thereby or the stockholders of Paradyne fail to
  approve either the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger or the adoption
  of the amendment to Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of
  incorporation at their respective special meetings, subject to specified
  limitations contained in the merger agreement; or

- - if the conditions to the party's obligation to complete the merger cannot be
  completed by May 15, 2002, subject to extension to June 30, 2002 if required
  regulatory approvals have not been received or there is a governmental or
  regulatory action or legislation prohibiting the merger.

     In addition, Paradyne may terminate the merger agreement if the board of
directors of Elastic fails to reaffirm its recommendation of the merger or
withholds, withdraws, amends or modifies its recommendation of the merger, or
proposes to do so, or changes its recommendation in a manner adverse to the
merger.

     Paradyne may also terminate the merger agreement if Elastic has not, on or
prior to January 20, 2002, caused the reseller agreement between Elastic and
Goldfield Telecom, LLC to be terminated effective as of the completion of the
merger.

     Elastic may terminate the merger agreement if the board of directors of
Elastic changes its recommendation in order to accept a superior offer, if
Paradyne has not made an offer that is as favorable as the superior offer within
three business days of its receipt of notice that the Elastic board of directors
intends to change its recommendation.

     Elastic may also terminate the merger agreement if the average closing
price of Paradyne common stock for purposes of calculating the exchange ratio is
less than $2.32.

     The merger agreement may be amended by the written agreement of Paradyne
and Elastic. The parties can amend the merger agreement without stockholder
approval, even if both Elastic and Paradyne stockholders have already approved

the merger, except in the limited circumstances when further stockholder
approval is required by law for the amendment.

SOLICITATION PROHIBITIONS (SEE PAGE 58)

     The merger agreement prohibits Elastic from soliciting other acquisition
proposals. Elastic agreed that it would immediately cease any and all existing
activities, discussions or negotiations with any third parties conducted prior
to the date of the merger agreement with respect to any acquisition proposal. If
Elastic receives an unsolicited acquisition proposal, it must promptly notify
Paradyne of the terms of such proposal. Elastic may respond, in accordance with
the terms of the merger agreement, to unsolicited offers that are reasonably
likely to result in superior offers.

TERMINATION FEE AND EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT PAYMENT (SEE PAGE 61)

     Elastic has agreed to pay Paradyne a termination fee of $1.0 million if the
merger agreement is terminated under circumstances in which Elastic enters into
an acquisition agreement or completes an acquisition with another party within
twelve months of the termination of the merger agreement or if the Elastic board
of directors changes or withdraws its recommendation that Elastic stockholders
vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement.

     In addition, Elastic has agreed to reimburse Paradyne for Paradyne's costs
and expenses incurred in the merger up to $300,000 if the merger agreement is
terminated because Elastic has not, on or prior to January 20, 2002, caused the
Goldfield reseller agreement to be terminated effective as of the completion of
the merger.

EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON ELASTIC OPTIONS (SEE PAGE 59)

     All of the outstanding stock options granted by Elastic under its stock
option plans that were not vested or exercisable when the merger agreement was
executed have become vested and immediately exercisable. All Elastic options
that are not exercised prior to February 15, 2002 will be terminated.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS (SEE PAGE 25)

     If you are an Elastic stockholder, under Delaware law, you will not have
appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

     If you are a Paradyne stockholder, under Delaware law, you will not have
appraisal rights in connection with the issuance of Paradyne shares in the
merger or the adoption of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation.

VOTING AGREEMENTS (SEE PAGE 66)

     Nine of the directors and executive officers of Elastic, including Guy D.
Gill, Elastic's president, chief executive officer and chairman, have entered
into voting agreements with Paradyne and Elastic in which they have agreed to
vote those shares of common stock that they or their affiliates own in favor of
adoption of the merger agreement. As of the Elastic record date, these
stockholders owned approximately      % of Elastic's outstanding common stock.
Each voting agreement also provides that any shares of Elastic common stock
subsequently acquired by these stockholders will also be subject to the voting
agreement. As of the Elastic record date, these stockholders hold currently
exercisable in-the-money (based on a $          per share price of Elastic
common stock) options to purchase an additional           shares, or      % of
Elastic's currently outstanding common stock.

     Additionally, Nortel Networks has entered into a voting agreement with
Paradyne and Elastic in which Nortel Networks has agreed to vote its shares of
Elastic common stock in favor of adoption of the merger agreement and approval
of the transactions contemplated thereby and to terminate a warrant to purchase
51,230 Elastic shares effective at the completion of the merger. As of the
Elastic record date, Nortel Networks owned approximately      % of Elastic's
outstanding common stock.

     Thomas E. Epley, Sean E. Belanger and Patrick M. Murphy, the chairman, the
president and chief executive officer and the senior vice president and chief
financial officer, respectively, of Paradyne, as well as entities associated
with the Texas Pacific Group, have entered into voting agreements with Elastic
in which they have agreed to vote their shares of Paradyne common stock in

favor of the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger and the adoption of the
amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation. As of
the Paradyne record date, the shares owned by these stockholders subject to the
voting agreements were approximately      % of Paradyne's outstanding common
stock.

CERTAIN DIFFERENCES IN STOCKHOLDERS' RIGHTS (SEE PAGE 68)

     The rights of Paradyne stockholders are governed by Delaware law and by
Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws. The rights of Elastic stockholders are also governed by
Delaware law, but are subject to Elastic's second amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. Upon completion of
the merger, the rights of both stockholder groups will be governed by Delaware
law and Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended
and restated bylaws.

AMENDMENT OF PARADYNE'S AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION (SEE
PAGE 95)

     If approved, the proposed amendment to Paradyne's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will increase the number of shares of Paradyne
common stock authorized to be issued from 60,000,000 shares to 80,000,000
shares. The proposed amendment is a condition to the completion of the merger.
If the merger is not approved by Elastic's stockholders or is not completed for
some other reason, Paradyne will not file the proposed amendment to its amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, and Paradyne's current amended and
restated certificate of incorporation will continue to be applicable.

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES OF COMMON STOCK (SEE PAGE 75)

     Paradyne common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "PDYN." Elastic common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "ELAS." The following table shows the closing prices of
Paradyne and Elastic common stock on December 27, 2001, the last trading day
before the merger agreement was announced, and           , 2002, the last
practicable trading day prior to the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus. If we completed the merger on the date of this joint proxy
statement-prospectus, the average closing price of Paradyne common stock for
purposes of calculating the exchange ratio would be $          , and, assuming
that no adjustment was made to the exchange ratio based on Elastic's net
adjusted working capital prior to the merger, the exchange ratio would be
          . Equivalent price per Elastic share represents the closing sale price
of a share of Paradyne common stock on the indicated date multiplied by the
applicable exchange ratio.

                                                             PARADYNE   ELASTIC    EQUIVALENT
                                                              COMMON    COMMON      PRICE PER
                                                              STOCK      STOCK    ELASTIC SHARE
                                                             --------   -------   -------------

December 27, 2001..........................................   $3.77      $0.60        $
              , 2002.......................................

     We urge you to obtain current market quotations for Paradyne common stock
and Elastic common stock before making any decision relating to the merger.

          SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA -- PARADYNE

     The following selected historical consolidated financial data is derived
from financial statements audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent
accountants, for the seven months ended July 31, 1996, the five months ended
December 31, 1996, and the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000.
The selected historical consolidated financial data of Paradyne for the nine
months ended September 30, 2000, and 2001, were derived from the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements of Paradyne. This information should
be read in conjunction with Paradyne's management's discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations and the financial statements,
including the related notes, incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement-prospectus. The "Predecessor Business" consists of certain operating
activities of AT&T Paradyne Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lucent
Technologies Inc., on a carve-out basis, which was acquired by Paradyne
effective July 31, 1996. In the opinion of Paradyne's management, the
predecessor business operated in a substantially different organizational
structure and manner than Paradyne does and, accordingly, Paradyne believes that
a comparison of predecessor business' operating activities and results to
Paradyne's is not meaningful. Earnings per share data are not presented for the
predecessor business since the predecessor business did not have its own capital
structure. As a result, this information would not be meaningful.

                                PREDECESSOR                                       PARADYNE
                                  BUSINESS     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                ------------                                                                  NINE MONTHS
                                SEVEN MONTHS   FIVE MONTHS                                                       ENDED
                                   ENDED          ENDED            FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,            SEPTEMBER 30,
                                  JULY 31,     DECEMBER 31,   -----------------------------------------   -------------------
                                    1996           1996         1997       1998       1999       2000       2000       2001
                                ------------   ------------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
  OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenues:
  Sales.......................    $128,099       $112,293     $178,212   $195,580   $220,723   $243,715   $192,700   $ 92,099
  Service.....................       1,975          1,413        3,040      2,256      2,617      3,674      2,804      3,210
  Royalties...................         464            325          413      1,392      3,118        293        290        250
                                  --------       --------     --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Total revenues............     130,538        114,031      181,665    199,228    226,458    247,682    195,794     95,559
                                  --------       --------     --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Cost of sales:
  Equipment...................      73,208         59,634       90,696    108,348    124,674    146,556    117,196     54,277
  Service.....................       1,803            744        1,154        620        823      1,295        934      1,295
  Charges related to excess
    inventory on hand and on
    order.....................          --             --           --         --         --     34,931     34,931     10,905
                                  --------       --------     --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Total cost of sales.......      75,011         60,378       91,850    108,968    125,497    182,782    153,061     66,477
                                  --------       --------     --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Gross margin..................      55,527         53,653       89,815     90,260    100,961     64,900     42,733     29,082
Operating Expenses:
  Research & development(1)...      28,019         31,174       37,339     35,132     36,470     40,392     30,285     19,675
  Selling, general &
    administrative............      42,928         29,409       66,278     55,969     55,938     59,184     46,192     28,642
  Amortization of intangible
    assets and deferred stock
    compensation..............          --             --           --         --      1,501      1,350        889        843
  Impairment of intangible
    assets....................          --             --           --         --         --         --         --      5,761
  Restructuring charges.......          --             --        1,778        984         --      1,371         --      3,807
                                  --------       --------     --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Total operating
      expenses................      70,947         60,583      105,395     92,085     93,909    102,297     77,366     58,728
                                  --------       --------     --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Operating income (loss).......     (15,420)        (6,930)     (15,580)    (1,825)     7,052    (37,397)   (34,633)   (29,646)
  Other (income) expenses
  Interest....................         200          3,502        7,712      1,711       (405)    (2,439)    (2,049)      (550)
  Lucent settlement gain......          --             --      (51,183)        --         --         --         --         --
  Other, net..................      (2,074)           382       (1,753)     1,191     (3,911)       (52)      (206)      (434)
                                  --------       --------     --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------

                                PREDECESSOR                                       PARADYNE
                                  BUSINESS     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                ------------                                                                  NINE MONTHS
                                SEVEN MONTHS   FIVE MONTHS                                                       ENDED
                                   ENDED          ENDED            FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,            SEPTEMBER 30,
                                  JULY 31,     DECEMBER 31,   -----------------------------------------   -------------------
                                    1996           1996         1997       1998       1999       2000       2000       2001
                                ------------   ------------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

Net income (loss) before
  provision for income tax....     (13,546)       (10,814)      29,644     (4,727)    11,368    (34,906)   (32,378)   (28,662)
Provision (benefit) for income
  tax.........................         184             --        8,302     (1,082)     3,479       (619)      (617)         0
                                  --------       --------     --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Net income (loss).............    $(13,730)      $(10,814)    $ 21,342   $ (3,645)  $  7,889   $(34,287)  $(31,761)  $(28,662)
                                  ========       ========     ========   ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
(Loss) earnings per common
  share:
  Basic.......................         N/A       $  (0.42)    $   0.84   $  (0.14)  $   0.28   $  (1.08)  $  (1.01)  $  (0.87)
  Diluted.....................         N/A       $  (0.42)    $   0.81   $  (0.14)  $   0.26   $  (1.08)  $  (1.01)  $  (0.87)
Shares used in computing
  (loss) earnings per share:
  Basic.......................         N/A         25,500       25,552     25,623     28,435     31,768     31,506     32,780
  Diluted.....................         N/A         25,500       26,291     25,623     30,112     31,768     31,506     32,780
Comprehensive income..........         N/A       $(10,977)    $ 21,930   $ (4,304)  $  8,400   $(34,295)  $(31,735)  $(28,696)
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
  DATA:
Cash and cash equivalents.....    $  5,717       $  1,354     $  3,240   $  2,356   $ 62,885   $ 19,821   $ 26,581   $ 27,194
Working capital...............      20,265          9,990        9,606      8,382     86,351     54,845     54,986     40,952
Total assets..................     103,050        144,143       83,200     75,063    130,485    117,280    142,404     76,161
Long-term debt................          52         64,129          402        353        256        684        287        553
Total debt....................          52         82,182       18,184     16,836        690      1,322        777      1,090
Total divisional equity(2)....      73,327             --           --         --         --         --         --         --
Total stockholders' equity....                      5,979       31,402     27,339    105,684     82,659     84,396     55,438

- ---------------

(1) Includes $13,114 of purchased research and development for the five months
    ended December 31, 1996.

(2) Since the predecessor business was not a legal entity, there was no
    stockholder's equity. "Divisional equity" represents the net assets of the
    predecessor business.

                 SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA -- ELASTIC

     Elastic's selected historical financial data for the year ended December
31, 1998 and as of and for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 2000 have been
derived from its audited financial statements, included elsewhere in this joint
proxy statement-prospectus. Elastic's selected financial data as of December 31,
1997 and 1998 and for the year ended December 31, 1997 have been derived from
its audited financial statements which are not included in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus. The selected financial data as of and for each of the nine
month periods ended September 30, 2000 and 2001 has been derived from Elastic's
unaudited financial statements included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement-
prospectus. In the opinion of Elastic's management, these unaudited statements
have been prepared on the same basis as the audited financial statements and
include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that
Elastic considers necessary for a fair presentation of Elastic's financial
position and results of operations for these periods. Operating results for the
nine months ended September 30, 2001 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for the year ended December 31, 2001. Elastic has
never declared or paid a dividend to its stockholders.

     You should read the following selected historical financial and operating
data in conjunction with the discussion in "Elastic Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Elastic's
financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this joint
proxy statement-prospectus.

                                                                                                NINE MONTHS
                                                        YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,             ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                              -------------------------------------------   --------------------
                                               1997        1998        1999        2000       2000        2001
                                              -------    --------    --------    --------   --------    --------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
  Total revenues............................  $    --    $    233    $  8,215    $ 40,152   $ 25,897    $ 19,468
  Cost of revenues..........................       --       2,146      14,290      36,246     24,193      16,964
  Charges related to excess inventory on
    hand and on order.......................       --          --          --          --         --      23,998
                                              -------    --------    --------    --------   --------    --------
  Gross profit (loss).......................       --      (1,913)     (6,075)      3,906      1,704     (21,494)
  Operating expenses(1):
    Sales and marketing.....................      644       3,431       5,194      15,305     10,123       9,895
    Research and development................    3,335       8,191       7,462      12,176      8,385       9,545
    General and administrative..............      524       1,695       2,174      15,611      4,696      12,478
                                              -------    --------    --------    --------   --------    --------
      Total operating expenses..............    4,503      13,317      14,830      43,092     23,204      31,918
                                              -------    --------    --------    --------   --------    --------
        Operating loss......................   (4,503)    (15,230)    (20,905)    (39,186)   (21,500)    (53,412)
  Other income (expense), net(2)............       --          --         174         320       (851)      1,638
                                              -------    --------    --------    --------   --------    --------
    Net loss................................   (4,503)    (15,230)    (20,731)    (38,866)   (22,351)    (51,774)
  Accretion of series A preferred stock.....       --          --        (333)       (405)      (399)         --
                                              -------    --------    --------    --------   --------    --------
  Net loss attributable to common
    stockholders............................  $(4,503)   $(15,230)   $(21,064)   $(39,271)  $(22,750)   $(51,774)
                                              =======    ========    ========    ========   ========    ========
  Basic and diluted net loss per common
    share...................................  $ (0.27)   $  (0.91)   $  (1.26)   $  (1.94)  $  (1.36)   $  (1.65)
                                              =======    ========    ========    ========   ========    ========
  Weighted average shares used in computing
    basic and diluted net loss per common
    share...................................   16,670      16,670      16,671      20,208     16,680      31,460
                                              =======    ========    ========    ========   ========    ========

- ---------------

(1) Includes $3.9 million of restructuring charges and additional accruals for
    uncollectible accounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2001.
    Includes $0.1 million, $12.4 million, $2.0 million, and $3.6 million of
    non-cash stock based compensation expenses for the years ended December 31,
    1999 and 2000 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and 2001,
    respectively.
(2) Includes non-cash stock based financing expenses of $0.7 million for the
    year ended December 31, 2000.

                                                             DECEMBER 31,                      SEPTEMBER 30,
                                              -------------------------------------------   --------------------
                                               1997        1998        1999        2000       2000        2001
                                              -------    --------    --------    --------   --------    --------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term
  investments...............................  $    --    $     --    $  5,613    $ 68,591   $  9,720    $ 32,288
Working capital (deficit)...................       --      (2,955)     (1,632)     73,502       (127)     24,930
Total assets................................       23       1,735       9,493      91,353     23,602      44,691
Capital lease obligations, long-term........       --          --         100         305        309         134
Redeemable convertible participating
  preferred stock...........................       --          --       8,295          --     30,994          --
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)........  $(1,457)   $ (3,521)   $ (9,715)   $ 75,962   $(29,298)   $ 28,150

     SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     The following table sets forth the selected unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information for Paradyne at or for the year ended December
31, 2000 and the nine months ended September 30, 2001 which gives effect to the
merger with Elastic using the purchase method of accounting as if the merger
occurred on January 1, 2000 for the statement of operations data and as of
September 30, 2001 for the balance sheet data. The following table should be
read in conjunction with Paradyne's unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information and the related notes beginning on page 100 of this joint
proxy statement-prospectus and the financial statements and the related notes of
Paradyne incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement-prospectus
and the financial statements and the related notes of Elastic beginning on page
F-1 of this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

     The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements of the
combined company do not purport to be indicative of what the combined company's
financial condition or results of operations would have been had the merger in
fact been consummated as of the assumed dates and for the periods presented, nor
are they indicative of the results of operations or financial condition for any
future period or date.

                                                        YEAR ENDED                     NINE MONTHS ENDED
                                                     DECEMBER 31, 2000                SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                                              -------------------------------   -------------------------------
                                              PARADYNE   ELASTIC    PRO FORMA   PARADYNE   ELASTIC    PRO FORMA
                                              --------   --------   ---------   --------   --------   ---------
                                                            (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Total revenues..............................  $251,038   $ 40,152   $291,190    $ 95,559   $ 19,468   $115,027
Total cost of sales(1)......................   184,696     36,246    220,942      66,477     40,962    107,439
                                              --------   --------   --------    --------   --------   --------
  Gross margin..............................    66,342      3,906     70,248      29,082    (21,494)     7,588
Research & development......................    41,073     12,176     53,820      19,675      9,545     29,063
Selling, general & administrative...........    62,068     30,916     94,365      29,485     22,373     51,618
Impairment of intangible assets.............        --         --         --       5,761         --      5,761
Restructuring charges.......................     1,371         --      1,371       3,807         --      5,669
                                              --------   --------   --------    --------   --------   --------
  Operating income (loss)...................   (38,170)   (39,186)   (79,308)    (29,646)   (53,412)   (84,523)
                                              --------   --------   --------    --------   --------   --------
Other (income) expense, net.................    (2,312)        85     (2,227)       (984)    (1,638)    (2,622)
                                              --------   --------   --------    --------   --------   --------
  Net loss before provision for income
    tax.....................................   (35,858)   (39,271)   (77,081)    (28,662)   (51,774)   (81,901)
Provision (benefit) for income tax..........      (619)        --       (619)         --         --         --
                                              --------   --------   --------    --------   --------   --------
Net income (loss)...........................  $(35,239)  $(39,271)  $(76,462)   $(28,662)  $(51,774)  $(81,901)
                                              ========   ========   ========    ========   ========   ========

                                              --------              --------    --------              --------
Basic and diluted earnings per share........  $  (1.11)        --   $  (1.99)   $  (0.87)        --   $  (2.08)
                                              ========              ========    ========              ========

                                              --------              --------    --------              --------
Weighted-average common potential shares
  outstanding...............................    31,768         --     38,405      32,780         --     39,417
                                              ========              ========    ========              ========
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Cash and cash equivalents...................                                    $ 27,194   $ 32,288   $ 59,482
Working capital.............................                                      40,952     24,930     62,382
Total assets................................                                      76,161     44,691    139,393
Long-term debt..............................                                         409        134        543
Total debt..................................                                         946        365      1,311
Total stockholders' equity..................                                      55,438     28,150     98,629

- ---------------

(1) Includes $34,931 of charges related to excess inventory on hand and on order
    for Paradyne for the year ended December 31, 2000 and $10,905 and $23,998
    for Paradyne and Elastic, respectively, for the nine months ended September
    30, 2001.

              HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

     The following table compares historical and pro forma earnings (loss) per
share and book value per share information for Paradyne and Elastic. You should
read the table together with the financial information for Paradyne and Elastic
included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
You should not rely on the pro forma financial information as an indication of
the results that Paradyne would have achieved if the merger had taken place
earlier or of the results of Paradyne after the merger.

     The unaudited equivalent pro forma per share data are calculated based on
the unaudited pro forma combined per share data multiplied by an exchange ratio
of .1990 of a share of Paradyne common stock for each share of Elastic common
stock outstanding, which exchange ratio reflects the current market price of
Paradyne common stock. The actual exchange ratio will not be determined until
shortly before the completion of the merger and will impact the pro forma per
share amounts shown on this page. See "-- What Elastic Stockholders will Receive
in the Merger." Neither Paradyne nor Elastic has ever declared or paid
dividends.

                                                           TWELVE MONTHS ENDED   NINE MONTHS ENDED
                                                            DECEMBER 31, 2000    SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                                                           -------------------   ------------------
                                                                                    (UNAUDITED)

PARADYNE:
  Basic net loss per share...............................        $(1.08)               $(0.87)
  Diluted net loss per share.............................         (1.08)                (0.87)
  Book Value per share (unaudited).......................          2.54                  1.68
ELASTIC:
  Basic net loss per share...............................         (1.94)                (1.65)
  Diluted net loss per share.............................         (1.94)                (1.65)
  Book Value per share (unaudited).......................          2.42                  0.89
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED:
  Basic net loss per share...............................         (1.99)                (2.08)
  Diluted net loss per share.............................         (1.99)                (2.08)
  Book Value per share...................................            --                  2.49
UNAUDITED EQUIVALENT PRO FORMA COMBINED:
  Basic net loss per share...............................         (0.40)                (0.41)
  Diluted net loss per share.............................         (0.40)                (0.41)
  Book Value per share...................................            --                  0.50

                                  RISK FACTORS

     There are risks and uncertainties related to the acquisition of Elastic by
Paradyne. Additionally, if the merger is completed, Elastic stockholders will
receive shares of Paradyne common stock in exchange for their shares of Elastic
common stock. Elastic stockholders should be aware of particular risks and
uncertainties that are applicable to an investment in Paradyne common stock,
including those risks identified in Paradyne's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
January 16, 2002. Paradyne stockholders and Elastic stockholders should also be
aware of risks related to Elastic's business. All of these risks and
uncertainties may cause Paradyne's future earnings and financial condition to be
less than expected. Also see "A Warning About Forward-Looking Statements" on
page 21 for additional risks and uncertainties. You should carefully review and
understand all of the risks and uncertainties discussed in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus.

RISKS RELATED TO THE MERGER

ELASTIC STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE SHARES OF PARADYNE COMMON STOCK BASED ON AN
EXCHANGE RATIO THAT IS DETERMINED BASED IN PART UPON THE MARKET VALUE OF
PARADYNE COMMON STOCK AT A LATER DATE.

     The number of shares of Paradyne common stock that Elastic stockholders
will receive in the merger for each Elastic share will be calculated using an
exchange ratio that may change depending on the market price for Paradyne common
stock. The exchange ratio will be determined based in part on the average
closing price of Paradyne shares for the ten trading days ending on the second
full trading day prior to the completion of the merger as set forth below:

     - .1990 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price
       is greater than $5.00 per share;

     - that fraction of a share of Paradyne common stock equal to the quotient
       obtained by dividing $.995 by the average closing price, if the average
       closing price is greater than $4.35 per share but less than or equal to
       $5.00 per share;

     - .2288 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price
       is equal to or greater than $3.21 per share but less than or equal to
       $4.35 per share;

     - that fraction of a share of Paradyne common stock equal to the quotient
       obtained by dividing $.735 by the average closing price, if the average
       closing price is less than $3.21 per share but greater than or equal to
       $2.73 per share; and

     - .2692 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price
       is less than $2.73 per share.

     If the average closing price of Paradyne common stock for purposes of
calculating the exchange ratio is less than $2.73 or more than $5.00, the
fractions set forth above will not change, although upward and downward
adjustments may be made based upon Elastic's net adjusted working capital prior
to completion of the merger. As a result, to the extent the value of Paradyne
common stock is outside these limitations, the value of the fraction of a share
of Paradyne common stock represented by the exchange ratio will vary. Elastic
has the right to terminate the merger agreement if the average closing price of
Paradyne common stock for purposes of calculating the exchange ratio is less
than $2.32. Paradyne does not have any right to terminate the merger agreement
based on the price of its shares.

     We cannot predict the market prices for the Paradyne common stock, and we
encourage you to obtain current market quotations of the Paradyne common stock,
which is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "PDYN."

ELASTIC STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE SHARES OF PARADYNE COMMON STOCK BASED ON AN
EXCHANGE RATIO THAT IS DETERMINED BASED IN PART UPON THE AMOUNT OF ELASTIC'S NET
ADJUSTED WORKING CAPITAL AT A LATER DATE.

     In addition to the situation described in the immediately preceding risk
factor, the number of shares of Paradyne common stock that Elastic stockholders
will receive in the merger for each Elastic share may change depending on the
amount of Elastic's net adjusted working capital. The closing net adjusted
working capital amounts could be significantly more or less than the targeted
net adjusted working capital amounts and therefore, the exchange ratio could be
significantly more or less than the fractions determined based on Paradyne's
average closing price as set forth above. The fraction determined based on
Paradyne's average closing price, as set forth above, will be multiplied by an
"adjustment factor" based on Elastic's net adjusted working capital at a
specified date prior to the completion of the merger. See "The Merger -- What
Elastic Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger." The adjustment factor equals
the quotient obtained by dividing (1) Elastic's "closing net adjusted working
capital amount" plus $12,050,000 by (2) the "targeted net adjusted working
capital amount" plus $12,050,000, which may result in an adjustment factor of
greater or less than one depending on the amount of the closing net adjusted
working capital. If the difference between the targeted net adjusted working
capital and the closing net adjusted working capital amounts is less than
$100,000, then the adjustment factor will be one. For additional information
relating to the impact of and interplay between the amount of Elastic's closing
net adjusted working capital, the average closing price of Paradyne common stock
and the value of the net adjusted working capital adjustment, see note 1 to the
"Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information."

     Elastic's closing net adjusted working capital will equal the difference
between Elastic's current assets and current liabilities, minus the amount of
certain expenses related to the transaction and certain other items as of a
date, referred to as the "adjustment date," ranging from two to four weeks
before the date the merger is completed. The targeted net adjusted working
capital amounts are based on the date on which the merger occurs, ranging from
$16,838,000, if the merger occurs prior to February 28, 2002, to $16,799,000, if
the merger occurs on or after April 15, 2002.

     The targeted net adjusted working capital amounts were determined based on
assumptions about Elastic's need for capital prior to completion of the merger.
These assumptions may have been incorrect, and Elastic's expenses could be
significantly more or less than expected. For example, assuming an adjustment
date of February 28, 2002, the targeted net adjusted working capital amount
would be $16,820,000. If Elastic's closing net adjusted working capital amount
were $18,802,000, the exchange ratio would range between 0.2128 and 0.2879,
depending upon the average closing price of Paradyne common stock.
Alternatively, if the closing net adjusted working capital amount were
$14,802,000, the exchange ratio would range between 0.1852 and 0.2506, depending
upon the average closing price of Paradyne common stock.

THE EXCHANGE RATIO WILL NOT BE DETERMINED UNTIL SHORTLY BEFORE THE COMPLETION OF
THE MERGER.

     Because the exchange ratio will not be determined until the second trading
day before the completion of the merger, you may have to decide whether or not
to vote for adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the transactions
contemplated thereby or the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger and the
amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation before
knowing the actual exchange ratio. Because the date the merger is completed may
be later than the dates of the special meetings, Elastic stockholders will not
necessarily know the market value of the Paradyne common stock that they will
receive in the merger nor will the Paradyne stockholders necessarily know how
many shares of Paradyne common stock will be issued in the merger.

THE NEUTRAL ACCOUNTING FIRM CHOSEN BY PARADYNE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO COMPLETE ITS
REVIEW OF THE CLOSING NET ADJUSTED WORKING CAPITAL, IN WHICH CASE THE FINAL
CLOSING NET ADJUSTED WORKING CAPITAL MAY ULTIMATELY BE DETERMINED BY TAKING THE
AVERAGE OF ELASTIC'S CALCULATION AND PARADYNE'S CALCULATION.

     The exchange ratio will equal the product of (1) a fraction determined
based on the average closing price of Paradyne shares, and (2) an adjustment
factor, determined based on the amount of Elastic's closing net adjusted working
capital. Elastic will prepare a statement of the closing net adjusted working
capital which will then be submitted to a neutral accounting firm chosen by
Paradyne. The accounting firm will have seven business days to analyze the
statement submitted by Elastic, and may modify the statement in its sole
discretion to ensure that it complies with the terms of the merger agreement.
The neutral accounting firm's determination will be binding upon Paradyne and
Elastic. However, if the neutral accounting firm is not able to complete its
evaluation within seven business days, Paradyne and Elastic will jointly
determine the amount of Elastic's closing net adjusted working capital. If
Paradyne and Elastic are unable to agree on an amount, Paradyne will submit its
own statement of the closing net adjusted working capital amount which could be
significantly different than the statement prepared by Elastic. In that event,
the closing net adjusted working capital amount used to determine the adjustment
factor will be the average of the closing net adjusted working capital amount
originally submitted by Elastic and the closing net adjusted working capital
amount submitted by Paradyne. Under these circumstances, neither party will have
the opportunity to dispute the other party's statement of closing net adjusted
working capital.

THE DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CERTAIN EMPLOYEES OF ELASTIC WILL RECEIVE
CERTAIN BENEFITS IN THE MERGER WHICH OTHER STOCKHOLDERS WILL NOT RECEIVE.

     The directors, executive officers and certain employees of Elastic have
interests in the merger that are different from yours. These benefits include:

     - a number of Elastic employees, including executive officers, have
       agreements with Elastic that provide for severance payments (and
       continued insurance coverage) that may be triggered upon termination of
       their employment after completion of the merger;

     - directors and executive officers of Elastic will receive acceleration of
       their vesting periods for their outstanding stock options; and

     - directors and executive officers of Elastic have customary rights to
       indemnification against specified liabilities, and Paradyne has agreed to
       cause Elastic to maintain directors' and officers' liability insurance
       for them.

     See "The Merger -- Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger" and "The
Merger -- Effect of the Merger on Elastic Options."

PARADYNE MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY INTEGRATING THE OPERATIONS OF ELASTIC INTO ITS
BUSINESS, WHICH MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE IMPACT ON ITS GROWTH OR OPERATIONS.

     The merger involves the combination and integration of two companies that
have previously operated independently. The success of the combination of
Paradyne and Elastic will depend primarily on Paradyne's ability to integrate
Elastic's operations, services, products, personnel and systems into its
business, to identify and eliminate duplicated efforts and systems, to
incorporate different corporate strategies, and to address unanticipated legal
liabilities and other contingencies, all of which may divert management's
attention from ongoing business operations. In order to integrate the companies
and to achieve efficiencies in the combined organization, Paradyne will need to
reduce personnel serving duplicative functions. Paradyne and Elastic may not be
able to integrate their operations without encountering difficulties including
the loss of key employees and customers, the disruption of their businesses, or
possible inconsistencies in technologies, standards, controls, procedures, and
policies, which may have a material adverse impact on Paradyne's growth or
operations.

IF THE MERGER DOES NOT OCCUR, THE COMPANIES WILL NOT BENEFIT FROM THE EXPENSES
THEY HAVE INCURRED OR THE MANAGEMENT TIME THEY HAVE INVESTED IN THE PURSUIT OF
THE MERGER.

     The merger may not be completed. If the merger is not completed, Paradyne
and Elastic will have incurred substantial expenses and invested significant
management time for which no ultimate benefit will have been received by either
Paradyne or Elastic. Additionally, if the merger agreement is terminated,
Elastic will be required to pay Paradyne a $1.0 million termination fee under
circumstances in which Elastic enters into an acquisition agreement or completes
an acquisition with another party within twelve months of the termination of the
merger agreement or the Elastic board of directors changes or withdraws its
recommendation that Elastic stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the
merger agreement. Further, if the merger is terminated because Elastic has not,
on or prior to January 20, 2002, caused the Goldfield reseller agreement to be
terminated effective as of the completion of the merger, Elastic will be
required to reimburse Paradyne for its costs and expenses of up to $300,000. See
"The Merger -- Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement Payment."

IF THE MERGER DOES NOT OCCUR, THE VALUE OF ELASTIC COMMON STOCK MAY VARY IN THE
FUTURE.

     If the merger is not completed, the value of Elastic common stock could
increase or decrease in the future. Such value could be either higher or lower
than the consideration being offered by Paradyne in the merger.

ELASTIC'S STOCKHOLDERS WILL NOT CONTROL PARADYNE'S FUTURE OPERATIONS AND NO
ELASTIC DIRECTOR WILL SERVE ON THE PARADYNE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.

     Elastic's stockholders collectively own 100% of Elastic and, in the
aggregate, have the absolute power to approve or reject any matters requiring
the approval of stockholders under Delaware law and Elastic's second amended and
restated certificate of incorporation. Assuming the average closing price of
Paradyne common stock for purposes of calculating the exchange ratio is greater
than $5.00 per share, and assuming no adjustments for Elastic's working capital,
the exchange ratio would be 0.1990. Based on that exchange ratio and the number
of shares outstanding of Paradyne and Elastic as of the date of the merger
agreement, Elastic's stockholders in the aggregate would hold approximately 16%
of the outstanding shares of Paradyne common stock after the merger. Even if all
of the former Elastic stockholders voted together on all matters presented to
Paradyne's stockholders from time to time after the merger, they would not be
able to control whether these proposals are ultimately approved or rejected.

RISKS RELATED TO ELASTIC'S BUSINESS

ELASTIC HAS A SHORT OPERATING HISTORY, WHICH MAY MAKE IT DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE
FOR PARADYNE STOCKHOLDERS TO ACCURATELY FORECAST THE AFFECT ON PARADYNE OF ITS
ACQUISITION OF ELASTIC.

     Elastic only began selling its products in mid-1999. As a result, Elastic
has only a limited operating history upon which to evaluate Elastic's business
and prospects which may make it difficult or impossible for Paradyne
stockholders to accurately forecast the effect that acquiring Elastic will have
on Paradyne's future revenues and results of operation. If Paradyne does not
meet or exceed the forecasts and expectations of analysts and investors
following its acquisition of Elastic, as a result of the performance of
Elastic's business or otherwise, the price of Paradyne's common stock could
decline substantially.

ELASTIC DEPENDS ON A SMALL NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS AND THE LOSS OF, OR REDUCTION IN
PURCHASES FROM ANY ONE OF THEM COULD SIGNIFICANTLY HARM PARADYNE'S BUSINESS
FOLLOWING ITS ACQUISITION OF ELASTIC.

     Elastic derives a substantial portion of its revenues, and expects to
continue to derive a substantial portion of its revenues in the near future,
from sales to a limited number of customers. For the year ended December 31,
2000, Elastic's two largest customers accounted for approximately 42% of
Elastic's total revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2001, Elastic's
two largest customers accounted for approximately 79% of Elastic's total
revenue. If any of Elastic's largest customers cease purchasing products from
Elastic's business or significantly change their product requirements,
Paradyne's sales may

be significantly less than expected following its acquisition of Elastic.
Paradyne cannot be certain that any of Elastic's existing customers will desire
to conduct business with Paradyne following its acquisition of Elastic nor can
it be certain that it will develop any new customers as a result of the
acquisition. If Paradyne does not successfully preserve Elastic's customer base
and develop new customers and markets for Elastic's products, Paradyne's results
of operations could be significantly less than expected.

ELASTIC ONLY OFFERS A LIMITED NUMBER OF PRODUCTS AND THE FAILURE OF ANY ONE OF
THEM TO ACHIEVE WIDESPREAD MARKET ACCEPTANCE WOULD SIGNIFICANTLY HARM PARADYNE'S
EXPECTED REVENUES FOLLOWING ITS ACQUISITION OF ELASTIC.

     Elastic derives substantially all of its revenues from sales of a limited
number of high-speed access products. The failure of any of Elastic's product
offerings to achieve and maintain a meaningful level of market penetration and
customer satisfaction would significantly harm Paradyne's expected revenues
following its acquisition of Elastic.

ELASTIC'S BUSINESS DEPENDS ON SINGLE SOURCE SUPPLIERS AND TWO CONTRACT
MANUFACTURERS WHICH EXPOSES ELASTIC'S BUSINESS TO SUPPLY INTERRUPTION RISKS AND
PRODUCT DELIVERY DELAYS, WHICH COULD HARM PARADYNE'S SALES AND INCREASE
PARADYNE'S COSTS FOLLOWING ITS ACQUISITION OF ELASTIC.

     Elastic's products contain several key components that are purchased from
single source suppliers, including line driver chips from Texas Instruments
Incorporated, power supplies from Astec America, Inc. and system processor chips
from Motorola, Inc. Furthermore, Elastic currently uses two contract
manufacturers, Sanmina Corporation and Solectron Corporation, to build some of
Elastic's printed circuit boards, chassis and subassemblies and, in most cases,
to complete final assembly and testing of Elastic's products. If Paradyne is
unable to continue to purchase all necessary supplies from Elastic's existing
suppliers and outsource Elastic's manufacturing to Elastic's existing
manufacturers or perform such assembly and testing operations itself, Paradyne
may experience significant delays in production and be unable to profitably
manage Elastic's business.

IF PARADYNE FAILS TO PROTECT ELASTIC'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY FOLLOWING ITS
ACQUISITION OF ELASTIC, PARADYNE'S EXPECTED COMPETITIVE POSITION MAY SUFFER.

     The value of Elastic's business to Paradyne is based, in part, on Elastic's
intellectual property. Elastic's business relies on a combination of copyright,
trademark, patent and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to
establish and protect Elastic's technology and other intellectual property.
Paradyne cannot be certain that Elastic has sufficiently prevented
misappropriation of Elastic's technology and other intellectual property, or
that Elastic's competitors did not independently develop technologies or other
intellectual property that are substantially equivalent or superior to those
developed, owned or licensed by Elastic. In addition, the laws of many countries
do not protect intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the
United States. If Elastic's intellectual property rights were not or are not
adequately protected, Paradyne may not realize a significant portion of the
benefits it expects to receive upon acquiring Elastic.

     If Paradyne has to bring a lawsuit against another entity that infringes or
misappropriates any of Elastic's intellectual property, Paradyne would likely
have to divert significant resources, both financial and human, in prosecuting
the lawsuit. Elastic owns two United States patents, United States patent
numbers 5,912,895 and 6,327,264, both titled "Information Network Access
Apparatus and Methods for Communicating Information Packets via Telephone
Lines." This first patent was issued on June 15, 1999 and expires on May 1,
2016, while the second patent was issued on December 4, 2001 and expires on May
1, 2016. Elastic also has an Australian patent and has pending patent
applications in Canada, Japan and the European Community on this technology.
Elastic also has exclusive and non-exclusive licenses from Nortel Networks to
other technologies that Elastic uses in its business. However, Elastic's rights
to its three patents and to all of these licensed technologies are subject to
various licenses that Nortel Networks, as the original owner, granted to other
companies prior to May 12, 1999. Therefore, Paradyne

cannot be certain that Elastic's rights to these technologies will allow
Paradyne to prevent other companies and their licensees from using these
technologies.

     In addition, Elastic granted back to Nortel Networks licenses to these
technologies and to all improvements that Elastic acquired or made to these
technologies. Elastic also granted Nortel Networks a license to any patents that
it owned or acquired, or that resulted from Elastic's filing applications or
from obtaining a license, during any period that Nortel Networks owned more than
50% of Elastic's voting securities. Some of these license granted are being
terminated in connection with the merger. See "Information about Elastic --
Intellectual Property" for more detail. In addition, these licenses are subject
to Nortel Networks' obligation not to compete with Elastic with respect to
EtherLoop-based products through May 12, 2003; however, there will be no
contractual restrictions on Nortel Networks' ability to engage in competitive
activities with respect to EtherLoop based products after that date.

DUE TO THE INTEGRATION OF ELASTIC'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY WITH THIRD-PARTY
TECHNOLOGIES IN ELASTIC'S PRODUCT OFFERINGS, ELASTIC'S BUSINESS MAY BE SUBJECT
TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS THAT WOULD BE COSTLY TO DEFEND AND
COULD HARM ELASTIC'S BUSINESS AND CONSEQUENTLY, PARADYNE'S ABILITY TO COMPETE.

     Because Elastic's products integrate Elastic's intellectual property and
third party technologies, Elastic's business may be subject to the risk of
adverse claims and litigation alleging that Elastic's products, technologies and
other intellectual property, as well as those of Elastic's licensors, infringe
the intellectual property rights of others. Any of these claims could require
Elastic, and consequently Paradyne following its acquisition of Elastic, to pay
damages or settlement amounts and could also require the development of
non-infringing intellectual property or the acquisition of licenses to the
intellectual property that is the subject of asserted infringement claims. This
could harm Paradyne's ability to profitably operate Elastic's business. In
addition, the cost of defending any litigation and resulting distraction of
Paradyne's management resources following its acquisition of Elastic could harm
Paradyne's ability to generate and implement successful business strategies.

ELASTIC MAY BE DELISTED FROM NASDAQ IF THE ACQUISITION BY PARADYNE DOES NOT
OCCUR.

     If the proposed acquisition of Elastic by Paradyne does not occur for any
reason, Elastic will continue its separate existence, including the listing of
its common stock for trading on Nasdaq. For companies to continue to be listed
on Nasdaq, Nasdaq requires each company to meet its continued listing criteria.
Those criteria include the requirement that the stock price remain above $1.00
per share; if the stock price remains below $1.00 per share for longer than 30
consecutive days in violation of the Nasdaq continued listing requirements,
Nasdaq may begin delisting procedures that may ultimately lead to the
termination of Elastic's common stock being listed and traded on Nasdaq. In that
event, Elastic would have to secure listing privileges on another exchange or
listing service, if possible. If Elastic is not successful, Elastic
stockholders' ability to buy and sell shares of Elastic common stock would be
substantially limited and stockholders would have reduced ability to locate
other buyers and sellers of Elastic common stock.

                   A WARNING ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This joint proxy statement-prospectus contains "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as applicable,
particularly those statements regarding the effects of the acquisition of
Elastic by Paradyne, and those preceded by, followed by or that otherwise
include the words "may," "will," "should," "could," "expects," "intends,"
"plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential,"
"continue" or similar expressions. For those statements, Paradyne and Elastic
claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements relating to expectations about future results or events are based
upon information available to Paradyne and Elastic as of today's date, and
neither Paradyne nor Elastic assumes any obligation to update any of these
statements. The forward-looking statements are not guarantees of the future
performance of Paradyne, Elastic or the combined company and actual results may
vary materially from the results and expectations discussed. Although Paradyne
and Elastic have entered into the merger agreement, there is no assurance that
the parties will complete the merger. In the event Paradyne and Elastic do not
receive necessary government or stockholder approvals or fail to satisfy
conditions to completion of the merger, the transaction will terminate.
Additional risks and uncertainties related to the merger include, but are not
limited to the following:

     - conditions in the financial markets relevant to the proposed merger;

     - the successful integration of Elastic into Paradyne's business;

     - each company's ability to compete in the highly competitive
       telecommunications industry;

     - changes in economic conditions generally in the telecommunications
       markets served by Paradyne, Elastic and the combined company;

     - increased competition from manufacturers of DSL equipment;

     - dependence on sole and single-source suppliers and the reliability of the
       raw materials supplied by them to manufacture products under customer
       contracts;

     - the timing and level of capital expenditures;

     - the successful integration of acquisitions, such as Paradyne's
       acquisition of Elastic, including the challenges inherent in diverting
       Paradyne's management attention and resources from other strategic
       matters and from operational matters for an extended period of time;

     - the successful introduction of new products; and

     - the successful rationalization of existing operations.

     For additional information that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those described in the forward looking statements, you should
refer to "Risk Factors" on page 15 of this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

                              THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

GENERAL

     This joint proxy statement-prospectus is being furnished in connection with
the solicitation of proxies by each of the boards of directors of Paradyne and
Elastic in connection with the proposed merger. This joint proxy
statement-prospectus together with a proxy card is first being furnished to
stockholders of Paradyne and Elastic on or about           , 2002.

DATE, TIME AND PLACE OF THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

     The special meetings are scheduled to be held as follows:

    For Paradyne stockholders:                    For Elastic stockholders:
    10:00 a.m. on           , 2002                10:00 a.m. on           , 2002
    Paradyne Networks, Inc.                       Atlanta Marriott Alpharetta
    8545 126th Avenue North                       5750 Windward Parkway
    Largo, Florida 33773                          Alpharetta, Georgia 30005

PURPOSE OF THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

     Paradyne.  The Paradyne special meeting is being held for Paradyne
stockholders to consider and vote upon:

     - a proposal to issue shares of Paradyne common stock in the merger,
       pursuant to which Paradyne will acquire Elastic by having a wholly owned
       subsidiary of Paradyne merge into Elastic, as contemplated by the merger
       agreement between Paradyne, Phoenix Merger Sub and Elastic; and

     - a proposal to adopt an amendment to Paradyne's amended and restated
       certificate of incorporation to increase the number of shares of common
       stock that Paradyne is authorized to issue from 60,000,000 shares to
       80,000,000 shares.

     At the Paradyne special meeting, Paradyne stockholders may also consider
and transact any other business that properly is presented at the Paradyne
special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Paradyne special
meeting, including, if submitted to a vote of the stockholders, a motion to
adjourn the special meeting to another time or place for the purpose of
soliciting additional proxies.

     Elastic.  The Elastic special meeting is being held for Elastic
stockholders to consider and vote upon the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement and to approve the transactions contemplated thereby. These
transactions include the acquisition of Elastic by Paradyne and the exchange of
each share of Elastic common stock for a fraction of a share of Paradyne common
stock. At the Elastic special meeting, Elastic stockholders may also consider
and transact any other business that properly is presented at the Elastic
special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Elastic special
meeting, including, if submitted to a vote of the stockholders, a motion to
adjourn the special meeting to another time or place for the purpose of
soliciting additional proxies.

STOCKHOLDER RECORD DATES FOR THE SPECIAL MEETINGS AND VOTING RIGHTS

     Paradyne.  Paradyne's board of directors has fixed the close of business on
          , 2002 as the record date for determination of Paradyne stockholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. On the Paradyne record
date, there were           shares of Paradyne common stock outstanding, held by
approximately           holders of record. At the Paradyne special meeting,
Paradyne stockholders will have one vote for each share of Paradyne common stock
owned on the Paradyne record date.

     Elastic.  Elastic's board of directors has fixed the close of business on
          , 2002 as the record date for determination of Elastic stockholders
entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. On the Elastic record
date, there were           shares of Elastic common stock outstanding, held by

approximately           holders of record. At the Elastic special meeting,
Elastic stockholders will have one vote for each share of Elastic common stock
owned on the Elastic record date.

QUORUM AND VOTE REQUIRED

     Paradyne.  A majority of the outstanding shares of Paradyne common stock on
the record date must be represented, either in person or by proxy, to constitute
a quorum at the Paradyne special meeting. The proposal to issue Paradyne shares
in the merger requires the approval of the holders of a majority of the shares
of Paradyne common stock cast at the Paradyne special meeting on the proposal.
The proposal to amend Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of
incorporation requires the approval of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the
shares of Paradyne common stock outstanding on the Paradyne record date.

     As of the Paradyne record date, Paradyne directors and executive officers
and their affiliates owned approximately      % of the outstanding shares of
Paradyne common stock.

     Elastic.  A majority of the outstanding shares of Elastic common stock on
the Elastic record date must be represented, either in person or by proxy, to
constitute a quorum at the Elastic special meeting. The proposal to adopt the
merger agreement and approve the transactions contemplated thereby requires the
approval of the holders of a majority of the shares of Elastic common stock
outstanding on the Elastic record date.

     As of the record date, Elastic directors and executive officers and their
affiliates owned approximately      % of the outstanding shares of Elastic
common stock.

PROXIES

     All shares of Paradyne common stock represented by properly submitted
proxies or voting instructions received before or at the Paradyne special
meeting and all shares of Elastic common stock represented by properly executed
proxies or voting instructions received before or at the Elastic special meeting
will, unless the proxies or voting instructions are revoked, be voted in
accordance with the instructions indicated on those proxies or voting
instructions. If no instructions are indicated on a properly submitted proxy or
voting instruction, the shares will be voted (1) in the case of Paradyne, FOR
approval of the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger and FOR adoption of
the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
(2) in the case of Elastic, FOR adoption of the merger agreement and approval of
the transactions contemplated thereby and (3) in the case of each of Paradyne
and Elastic, to approve those other matters, including, without limitation,
adjournments, that may properly come before each of the special meetings at the
discretion of the persons named in the proxy. You are urged to indicate how to
vote your shares by marking the boxes on the proxy card or by following the
instructions if submitting your proxy by telephone or the Internet.

     If a Paradyne stockholder submits a properly completed proxy or voting
instruction and the stockholder has abstained from voting on the issuance of
Paradyne shares in the merger, the Paradyne common stock represented by the
proxy or voting instruction will be considered present at the special meeting
for purposes of determining a quorum, but will have no effect on the approval of
the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger. If a Paradyne stockholder submits
a properly completed proxy or voting instruction and the stockholder has
abstained from voting on the adoption of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, the Paradyne common stock represented by
the proxy or voting instruction will be considered present at the special
meeting for purposes of determining a quorum, but will have the effect of a vote
against the adoption of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation.

     If an Elastic stockholder submits a properly completed proxy or voting
instruction and the stockholder has abstained from voting on adoption of the
merger agreement and approval of the transactions contemplated thereby, the
Elastic common stock represented by the proxy or voting instruction will be
considered present at the special meeting for purposes of determining a quorum,
but will have the effect of a vote against adoption of the merger agreement and
against approval of the transactions contemplated thereby.

     If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm or bank, you must
instruct them on how to vote your shares. For the Paradyne special meeting, if
an executed proxy card is returned by a broker or bank holding shares which
indicates that the broker or bank does not have discretionary authority to vote
on whether to approve the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger, the shares
will be considered present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum,
but will have no effect in the vote on the issuance of Paradyne shares in the
merger. Additionally, if an executed proxy card is returned by a broker or bank
holding shares which indicates that the broker or bank does not have
discretionary authority to vote on whether to approve the adoption of the
amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the
shares will be considered present for purposes of determining the presence of a
quorum, but will have the effect of a vote against the adoption of the amendment
of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

     For the Elastic special meeting, if an executed proxy card is returned by a
broker or bank holding shares which indicates that the broker or bank does not
have discretionary authority to vote on adoption of the merger agreement and
approval of the transactions contemplated thereby, the shares will be considered
present at the meeting for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum, but
will have the effect of a vote against adoption of the merger agreement and
against approval of the transactions contemplated thereby.

     Your broker or bank will vote your shares only if you provide instructions
on how to vote by following the information provided to you by your broker.

     The Paradyne special meeting or the Elastic special meeting may be
adjourned or postponed in order to permit further solicitation of proxies. No
proxy voted against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and approval of
the transactions contemplated thereby, against the proposal to issue Paradyne
shares in the merger or against the proposal to adopt the amendment of
Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation will be voted on
any proposal to adjourn or postpone the special meeting that is submitted to the
stockholders for a vote. Neither Paradyne nor Elastic expects that any matter
other than approval of the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger, adoption
of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the transactions
contemplated thereby, as applicable, will be brought before its special meeting.
If, however, other matters are properly presented, the persons named as proxies
will vote in accordance with their judgment with respect to those matters,
unless authority to do so is withheld on the proxy card.

     A stockholder may revoke his or her proxy or voting instructions at any
time before it is voted by:

     - notifying in writing the Secretary of Paradyne Networks, Inc. at 8545
       126th Avenue North, Largo, Florida 33773, if you are a Paradyne
       stockholder of record, or the Secretary of Elastic Networks Inc. at 6120
       Windward Parkway, Suite 100, Alpharetta, Georgia 30005, if you are an
       Elastic stockholder of record;

     - notifying your brokerage firm or bank, if you hold your shares in an
       account at a brokerage firm or bank;

     - granting a subsequently dated proxy or voting instructions (by mail,
       through the Internet or by telephone); or

     - appearing in person and voting at the special meeting if you are a holder
       of record.

     Attendance at the special meeting will not in and of itself constitute
revocation of a proxy.

VOTING ELECTRONICALLY OR BY TELEPHONE

     Because Delaware, the state in which both Paradyne and Elastic are
incorporated, permits electronic submission of proxies through the Internet or
by telephone, instead of submitting proxies by mail on the enclosed proxy card
or voting instruction card, Paradyne and Elastic stockholders will have the
option to submit their proxies or voting instructions electronically through the
Internet or by telephone. Please note that there are separate arrangements for
using the Internet and telephone depending on whether your

shares are registered in your company's stock records in your name or in the
name of a brokerage firm or bank. Stockholders should check their proxy card or
the voting instruction card forwarded by their broker, bank or other holder of
record to see which options are available.

     The Internet and telephone procedures described below for submitting your
proxy or voting instructions are designed to authenticate stockholders'
identities, to allow stockholders to have their shares voted and to confirm that
their instructions have been properly recorded. Stockholders submitting proxies
or voting instructions via the Internet should understand that there may be
costs associated with electronic access, such as usage charges from Internet
access providers and telephone companies, that would be borne by the
stockholder.

     Paradyne holders of record may submit their proxies:

     - through the Internet by visiting a website established for that purpose
       at           and following the instructions; or

     - by telephone by calling the toll-free number                in the United
       States, Canada or Puerto Rico on a touch-tone phone and following the
       recorded instructions.

     Elastic holders of record may submit their proxies:

     - through the Internet by visiting a website established for that purpose
       at           and following the instructions; or

     - by telephone by calling the toll-free number                in the United
       States, Canada or Puerto Rico on a touch tone phone and following the
       recorded instructions.

SOLICITATION OF PROXIES

     Paradyne and Elastic will share equally the expenses incurred in connection
with the printing and mailing of this joint proxy statement-prospectus,
although, if the merger is completed, the net adjusted working capital
calculation will take these expenses into account on a pro rata basis based on
the total number of Paradyne's and Elastic's record and beneficial stockholders
as of the record dates for their stockholders' meetings. Paradyne has retained
Morrow & Co., Inc., for a fee of $9,500 plus expenses, to assist in the
solicitation of proxies. Paradyne and Morrow will also request banks, brokers
and other intermediaries holding shares of Paradyne common stock beneficially
owned by others to send this joint proxy statement-prospectus to, and obtain
proxies from, the beneficial owners and will reimburse the holders for their
reasonable expenses in so doing. Solicitation of proxies by mail may be
supplemented by telephone, telegram and other electronic means and
advertisements by Paradyne. The directors, officers and employees of Paradyne
and Elastic may also solicit proxies. No additional compensation will be paid to
directors, officers or employees for such solicitation.

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     If you are an Elastic stockholder, under Delaware law, you will not have
appraisal rights in connection with the merger. If you are a Paradyne
stockholder, under Delaware law, you will not have appraisal rights in
connection with the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger or the adoption of
the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

     Under Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, appraisal rights
would apply for Elastic stockholders in the event that Elastic's common stock is
delisted from the Nasdaq National Market on or before the Elastic record date.
In this event, Paradyne and Elastic have agreed in the merger agreement that, as
a condition to Paradyne's obligation to complete the merger, the holders of no
more than 5.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of Elastic common stock must
have asserted appraisal rights under Delaware law. See "The Merger -- Conditions
to Completion of the Merger."

                                   THE MERGER

     The following information describes material aspects of the merger. This
description does not provide a complete description of all the terms and
conditions of the merger agreement. It is qualified in its entirety by the text
of the merger agreement, which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus. The merger agreement is incorporated in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus by reference. You are urged to read the merger agreement
and the other Annexes to this joint proxy statement-prospectus in their
entirety.

GENERAL

     The merger agreement provides for the acquisition of Elastic by Paradyne
pursuant to the merger of Phoenix Merger Sub, Inc., a newly formed, wholly owned
subsidiary of Paradyne created for the purpose of the merger, with and into
Elastic, with Elastic as the surviving corporation in the merger. As a result of
the merger, Elastic will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Paradyne.

WHAT ELASTIC STOCKHOLDERS WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER

     When we complete the merger, each outstanding share of Elastic common stock
(other than shares held by Paradyne or Elastic or Paradyne's subsidiaries) will
be converted into and exchanged for the right to receive a fraction of a share
of Paradyne common stock determined based in part on the "average closing price"
of Paradyne common stock and based in part on the "net adjusted working capital"
of Elastic as of a specified date prior to the closing of the merger.

     A fraction of a share of Paradyne common stock will be determined based on
the "average closing price," which is the average of the daily last sales prices
for Paradyne common stock on the Nasdaq National Market during the ten
consecutive full trading days on which the shares of Paradyne common stock are
actually traded, ending on the trading day two full trading days prior to the
closing date of the merger. Specifically, based on the average closing price of
Paradyne common stock, a fraction will be determined as set forth below:

     - 0.1990 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price
       is greater than $5.00 per share;

     - that fraction of a share of Paradyne common stock equal to the quotient
       obtained by dividing $0.995 by the average closing price, if the average
       closing price is greater than $4.35 per share but less than or equal to
       $5.00 per share;

     - 0.2288 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price
       is equal to or greater than $3.21 per share but less than or equal to
       $4.35 per share;

     - that fraction of a share of Paradyne common stock equal to the quotient
       obtained by dividing $0.735 by the average closing price, if the average
       closing price is greater than or equal to $2.73 per share but less than
       $3.21 per share; and

     - 0.2692 of a share of Paradyne common stock, if the average closing price
       is less than $2.73 per share.

     The fraction determined as set forth above will then be multiplied by an
"adjustment factor" based on Elastic's net adjusted working capital to determine
the exchange ratio. The adjustment factor equals the quotient obtained by
dividing (1) Elastic's "closing net adjusted working capital amount" plus
$12,050,000 by (2) the "targeted net adjusted working capital amount" plus
$12,050,000. If the difference between targeted net adjusted working capital and
the closing net adjusted working capital amounts is less than $100,000, then the
adjustment factor will be one.

     Elastic's closing net adjusted working capital is calculated as the
difference between Elastic's current assets and its current liabilities, in each
case as defined under, and calculated in accordance with,

accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or
GAAP, as of the adjustment date (as described below), with the following
adjustments then made to this amount:

     - minus Elastic's expenses associated with the transactions contemplated by
       the merger agreement (including, without limitation, all legal,
       investment banking and other professional fees and expenses and all
       printing, mailing and transfer agent fees associated with this joint
       proxy statement-prospectus delivered to Elastic's stockholders (such
       printing and mailing fees calculated on a pro rata basis between
       Elastic's total number of record and beneficial stockholders as of the
       Elastic record date and Paradyne's total number of record and beneficial
       stockholders as of the Paradyne record date)), which expenses are payable
       on or after the applicable adjustment date;

     - minus one-half of the filing fee under the HSR Act (if a filing is made)
       and the fees and expenses of the neutral accounting firm, whose role is
       discussed below, not to exceed $35,000 in the aggregate;

     - minus employee severance expenses of Elastic of $2,350,000;

     - minus any cash received by Elastic upon the exercise of any outstanding
       stock option or stock purchase warrant at an exercise price of $1.25 or
       higher per share of Elastic common stock;

     - minus the amount of the premium to purchase the directors and officers'
       liability insurance specified in the merger agreement to the extent such
       premium has not been paid prior to the applicable adjustment date;

     - minus $200,000, if a return maintenance authorization credit or physical
       inventory with a value equal to at least $200,000 is not received by
       Elastic from Solectron Corporation prior to the applicable adjustment
       date; and

     - plus the aggregate amount of employee severance expenses paid by Elastic
       prior to the applicable adjustment date in amounts per employee not to
       exceed those amounts disclosed to Paradyne by Elastic at the time that
       the merger agreement was executed.

     For purposes of the foregoing calculation, all detailed account balances
with credit balances in accordance with GAAP (for example, accounts payable,
accrued legal, accrued audit, excess and obsolete inventory, reserve for bad
debts, etc.) included in the current assets and current liabilities of Elastic
as described above at the adjustment date will be increased up to (but in no
event shall it be decreased to) the credit balance amount reflected on Elastic's
balance sheet dated September 30, 2001. Such balances as of September 30, 2001
shall subsequently be reduced only for payments made (in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice) or write-offs made against other balance
sheet accounts (in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices) after September 30, 2001 and only to the extent such payments or
write-offs relate to credit balances resulting from services performed or assets
acquired on or before September 30, 2001. In no event will the detailed credit
balance amounts included in the closing net adjusted working capital amount be
reduced below the detailed credit balances included in the current assets and
current liabilities of Elastic at the adjustment date. In connection with the
foregoing calculation, Paradyne and Elastic have agreed that the classifications
of current assets and current liabilities shall be consistent with the
classifications of such items on Elastic's balance sheet dated September 30,
2001.

     The "adjustment date" will be established according to the following
schedule:

     - February 1, 2002, if the completion of the merger is on or later than
       February 15, 2002, but prior to February 28, 2002;

     - February 15, 2002, if the completion of the merger is on or later than
       February 28, 2002, but prior to March 15, 2002;

     - February 28, 2002, if the completion of the merger is on or later than
       March 15, 2002, but prior to March 31, 2002;

     - March 15, 2002, if the completion of the merger is on or later than March
       31, 2002, but prior to April 15, 2002; and

     - March 31, 2002, if the completion of the merger is on or later than April
       15, 2002;

provided, however, that the adjustment date will not occur until after the
completion of the independent audit of Elastic's financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2001. Elastic will make available to Paradyne and the
neutral accounting firm (as described below) access to the audit working papers
for the year ended December 31, 2001 (including, without limitation, any
unrecorded proposed adjustments) prepared by Elastic's independent accounting
firm.

     The targeted net adjusted working capital amount is:

     - $16,838,000, if the adjustment date is February 1, 2002;

     - $16,820,000, if the adjustment date is February 15, 2002;

     - $16,802,000, if the adjustment date is February 28, 2002;

     - $16,800,500, if the adjustment date is March 15, 2002; or

     - $16,799,000, if the adjustment date is March 31, 2002.

     Elastic will calculate the closing net adjusted working capital amount
after the completion of the preparation of Elastic's audited financial
statements for 2001 and will deliver a statement of such amount to Paradyne and
a neutral accounting firm chosen by Paradyne. The neutral accounting firm will
then read and analyze the statement provided by Elastic and will have the right,
in its sole discretion, to adjust the amount set forth in the statement to
ensure that it complies with the foregoing calculation. If the neutral
accounting firm does not complete its procedures within seven business days
after receipt of the statement, then Paradyne and Elastic will jointly determine
the closing net adjusted working capital amount. If they are not able to agree
within two business days, then Paradyne will deliver its calculation of the
closing net adjusted working capital amount within two additional business days,
and the final closing net adjusted working capital amount will be equal to the
average of Elastic's and Paradyne's calculations.

     After the date as of which Elastic has calculated the closing net adjusted
working capital amount and until the completion of the merger, Elastic has
agreed not to make any expenditures, except for expenditures relating to
utilities, taxes, personal property and real property leases, and recurring
employee payroll, which, in each case, are considered essential to the operation
of Elastic's business consistent with past practices, and expenditures related
to the transaction, which are taken into account in determining the closing net
adjusted working capital amount as set forth above.

     We refer to the conversion rate used at the time of the completion of the
merger as the "exchange ratio." Based on an average closing price of $
for the ten consecutive full trading days ending on           , 2002, and
assuming no adjustments for Elastic's working capital (as described above), the
exchange ratio would have been           for each share of Elastic common stock.

     ILLUSTRATIVE EXAMPLES OF NET ADJUSTED WORKING CAPITAL ADJUSTMENT

     1.  Net Adjusted Working Capital Prior to Completion Exceeds Targeted
Amount by $1.0 Million

        Assumptions:

       Anticipated completion date for merger: March 15, 2002
       Adjustment Date: February 28, 2002
       Actual Net Adjusted Working Capital Amount Prior to Completion:
       $17,802,000
       Targeted Net Adjusted Working Capital Amount: $16,802,000

        A.  Average Closing Price of Greater Than $5.00

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (17,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0347

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.1990 X 1.0347 = 0.2059

        B.  Average Closing Price of $4.50

            Step 1 -- Calculate the exchange ratio pre-adjustment: $0.995 /
            $4.50 = 0.2211

            Step 2 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (17,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0347

            Step 3 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2211 X 1.0347 = 0.2288

        C.  Average Closing Price Between $3.21 and $4.35

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (17,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0347

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2288 X 1.0347 = 0.2367

        D.  Average Closing Price of $3.00

            Step 1 -- Calculate the exchange ratio pre-adjustment: $0.735 /
            $3.00 = 0.2450

            Step 2 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (17,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0347

            Step 3 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2450 X 1.0347 = 0.2535

        E.  Average Closing Price of Less Than $2.73

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (17,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0347

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2692 X 1.0347 = 0.2785

     2.  Net Adjusted Working Capital Prior to Completion Is Less than Targeted
         Amount by $1.0 Million

       Assumptions:

       Anticipated completion date for merger: March 15, 2002
       Adjustment Date: February 28, 2002
       Actual Net Adjusted Working Capital Amount Prior to Completion:
       $15,802,000
       Targeted Net Adjusted Working Capital Amount: $16,802,000

        A.  Average Closing Price of Greater Than $5.00

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (15,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 0.9653

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.1990 X 0.9653 = 0.1921

        B.  Average Closing Price of $4.50

            Step 1 -- Calculate the exchange ratio pre-adjustment: $0.995 /
            $4.50 = 0.2211

            Step 2 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (15,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 0.9653

            Step 3 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2211 X 0.9653 = 0.2134

        C.  Average Closing Price Between $3.21 and $4.35

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (15,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 0.9653

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2288 X 0.9653 = 0.2209

        D.  Average Closing Price of $3.00

            Step 1 -- Calculate the exchange ratio pre-adjustment: $0.735 /
            $3.00 = 0.2450

            Step 2 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (15,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 0.9653

            Step 3 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2450 X 0.9653 = 0.2365

        E.  Average Closing Price of Less Than $2.73

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (15,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 0.9653

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2692 X 0.9653 = 0.2599

     3.  Net Adjusted Working Capital Prior to Completion Is Within $100,000 of
         Targeted Amount

       Assumptions:

       Anticipated completion date for merger: March 15, 2002
       Adjustment Date: February 28, 2002
       Actual Net Adjusted Working Capital Amount Prior to Completion:
       $16,802,000 (or any amount between $16,702,000 and $16,902,000)
       Targeted Net Adjusted Working Capital Amount: $16,802,000

        A.  Average Closing Price of Greater Than $5.00

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (16,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0000

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.1990 X 1.0000 = 0.1990

        B.  Average Closing Price of $4.50

            Step 1 -- Calculate the exchange ratio pre-adjustment: $0.995 /
            $4.50 = 0.2211

            Step 2 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (16,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0000

            Step 3 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2211 X 1.000 = 0.2211

        C.  Average Closing Price Between $3.21 and $4.35

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (16,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0000

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2288 X 1.0000 = 0.2288

        D.  Average Closing Price of $3.00

            Step 1 -- Calculate the exchange ratio pre-adjustment: $0.735 /
            $3.00 = 0.2450

            Step 2 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (16,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.000

            Step 3 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2450 X 1.0000 = 0.2450

        E.  Average Closing Price of Less Than $2.73

            Step 1 -- Calculate the adjustment factor: (16,802,000 +
            12,050,000)/(16,802,000 + 12,050,000) = 1.0000

            Step 2 -- Calculate the exchange ratio: 0.2692 X 1.0000 = 0.2692

     The following table further illustrates the calculation of the exchange
ratio, assuming an adjustment date of February 28, 2002 and using a range of
Paradyne average closing prices and a range of hypothetical deficits and
surpluses in the closing net adjusted working capital compared to the targeted
net adjusted working capital. The exchange ratios shown below are presented for
illustrative purposes only and are not predictions of the actual exchange ratio
that will be in effect upon the completion of the merger.

RANGE OF EXCHANGE RATIOS BASED ON POTENTIAL PARADYNE AVERAGE CLOSING PRICES AND
       POTENTIAL ELASTIC CLOSING NET ADJUSTED WORKING CAPITAL ADJUSTMENTS

                                 AMOUNT OF DEFICIT OR SURPLUS OF CLOSING NET ADJUSTED WORKING CAPITAL VERSUS
                                                    TARGETED NET ADJUSTED WORKING CAPITAL
AVERAGE CLOSING PRICE OF  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PARADYNE COMMON STOCK     ($3,000,000)   ($2,000,000)   ($1,000,000)     $0     $1,000,000   $2,000,000   $3,000,000
- ------------------------  ------------   ------------   ------------   ------   ----------   ----------   ----------

$5.00 or Greater........     0.1783         0.1852         0.1921      0.1990     0.2059       0.2128       0.2197
$4.75...................     0.1877         0.1950         0.2022      0.2095     0.2167       0.2240       0.2313
$4.50...................     0.1981         0.2058         0.2134      0.2211     0.2288       0.2364       0.2441
$4.25...................     0.2050         0.2129         0.2209      0.2288     0.2367       0.2447       0.2526
$4.00...................     0.2050         0.2129         0.2209      0.2288     0.2367       0.2447       0.2526
$3.75...................     0.2050         0.2129         0.2209      0.2288     0.2367       0.2447       0.2526
$3.50...................     0.2050         0.2129         0.2209      0.2288     0.2367       0.2447       0.2526
$3.25...................     0.2050         0.2129         0.2209      0.2288     0.2367       0.2447       0.2526
$3.00...................     0.2195         0.2280         0.2365      0.2450     0.2535       0.2620       0.2705
$2.75...................     0.2395         0.2487         0.2580      0.2673     0.2765       0.2858       0.2951
$2.73 or Less...........     0.2412         0.2506         0.2599      0.2692     0.2786       0.2879       0.2972

     Paradyne will not issue any fractional shares of common stock in the
merger. Rather, Paradyne will pay cash for any fractional share any Elastic
stockholder otherwise would have received in the merger. The cash paid in lieu
of fractional shares will be in an amount equal to the fraction multiplied by
the average closing price of Paradyne common stock on the Nasdaq National Market
for the ten consecutive full trading days ending two full trading days prior to
the completion of the merger.

     If Paradyne effects a stock split, stock dividend or similar
recapitalization with respect to Paradyne common stock and the record date, in
the case of a stock dividend, or the effective date, in the case of a stock
split or similar recapitalization for which a record date is not established, is
prior to the completion of the merger, the exchange ratio will be adjusted
proportionately.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     In June 2001, in light of Elastic's then-current market position, Mr. Guy
Gill, Elastic's President and Chief Executive Officer and a director, Mr. Kevin
Elop, then Elastic's Chief Financial Officer and currently a director, and Mr.
Darrell Borne, Elastic's then Vice President of Finance and current Chief
Financial Officer, met with representatives of Robertson Stephens, Elastic's
financial advisor, to discuss general business conditions and industry trends in
Elastic's market. On June 15, 2001, Elastic engaged Robertson Stephens to assist
Elastic in investigating and pursuing strategic alternatives.

     During the period of June 2001 through November 2001, a confidential
executive summary regarding Elastic and its business was distributed to 11
potential strategic investors or acquirors, including Paradyne. During this
period and continuing through late December 2001, in addition to discussions
with Paradyne, preliminary discussions were held with four potential strategic
investors, but these discussions did not ultimately result in any firm
proposals. In connection with the confidential executive summaries, Elastic

obtained confidentiality agreements, including a confidentiality agreement with
Paradyne dated August 29, 2001.

     On September 19, 2001, at a regular meeting of Elastic's board of
directors, the board reviewed with Elastic's management and representatives of
Robertson Stephens the potential strategic investors or acquirors contacted,
then current market conditions and a financial overview of, and potential
alternatives for, Elastic. Alternatives considered by Elastic's board included a
corporate restructuring, seeking strategic investments or a sale transaction.
After discussion, the board instructed Elastic's management and Robertson
Stephens to continue to jointly explore these alternatives.

     In early October 2001, at Elastic's direction, Paradyne was contacted by
Robertson Stephens, and Paradyne expressed preliminary interest regarding a
potential transaction with Elastic, which led to further discussions between
Paradyne and Robertson Stephens on October 11, 2001.

     From October 12 through October 23, 2001, Elastic's and Paradyne's
managements held discussions regarding a possible transaction between the
companies. During this period, Elastic's management and representatives of
Robertson Stephens provided additional information requested by Paradyne
concerning Elastic's products, services and customer base.

     On October 24, 2001, at a regular meeting of Elastic's board of directors,
the board received an update from Elastic's management and Robertson Stephens as
to discussions with potential strategic investors and acquirors. After
discussion, the board instructed Elastic's management and Robertson Stephens to
continue to explore Elastic's strategic alternatives, including a possible
transaction with Paradyne and, alternatively, potential strategic investments.
Following this meeting, members of Elastic's management gave several
presentations regarding Elastic's products and service offerings, management
systems, MxU applications and system architectures, and EtherLoop I and II
technologies, to Mr. John Koehler, Paradyne's Executive Vice President of
Research and Development and Product Line Management, Mr. Patrick Murphy,
Paradyne's Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Mr.
Sean E. Belanger, Paradyne's President and Chief Executive Officer and other
Paradyne representatives.

     On November 6 and 7, 2001, Mr. Gill met with Mr. Belanger at Paradyne's
offices in Largo, Florida to discuss Elastic's and Paradyne's businesses and
technologies and explore in greater depth Paradyne's interest in a possible
transaction with Elastic. Subsequently, on November 12, 2001, Mr. Gill and other
Elastic representatives met with several Paradyne representatives to further
discuss Elastic's products and services, management systems, MxU applications
and system architectures and the EtherLoop I and II technologies.

     During the period of November 15 through November 21, 2001, representatives
of Elastic, Paradyne, Robertson Stephens and Raymond James, Paradyne's financial
advisor, discussed possible merger terms and conditions, merger consequences and
valuation methodologies.

     On November 30, 2001, Messrs. Gill, Borne, Belanger and Murphy, together
with Elastic's and Paradyne's financial advisors, further discussed valuation
matters, including the approach for arriving at an exchange ratio in a
stock-for-stock merger of Elastic and Paradyne. The exchange ratio range
preliminarily discussed at this meeting was based on the 10-trading day average
of the closing price of Paradyne common stock with an exchange ratio collar,
subject to further due diligence on Elastic's business and its working capital.
Based on this preliminary framework for an exchange ratio, the parties agreed to
continue discussions.

     On December 3 and December 4, 2001, representatives of Elastic and Paradyne
met at Elastic's offices for a further review of Elastic's EtherLoop II
technology and implementation strategies.

     On December 4, 2001, the Paradyne board of directors held a special meeting
to discuss, among other items, Paradyne management's discussions with Elastic
regarding a potential business combination. At this meeting, Raymond James
provided Paradyne's board with a preliminary financial analysis regarding
Elastic.

     From December 10 through December 12, 2001, representatives of Elastic and
Paradyne, together with their financial advisors, met at the Atlanta offices of
Hunton & Williams, Elastic's legal counsel, to conduct additional due diligence
of Elastic's business, including products and services, human resources,
finance, legal matters and technology. Mr. Phillip Griffith, Elastic's Vice
President Sales, Messrs. Gill and Borne and several other Elastic
representatives were present and participated from Elastic. Messrs. Belanger and
Murphy and several other Paradyne representatives attended from Paradyne. After
further discussions, the parties commenced negotiation of the principal terms of
the merger agreement.

     During the period of December 14 through December 27, 2001, the parties
continued to negotiate the merger agreement. Also during this period, Paradyne's
management, financial advisor and legal counsel conducted further business due
diligence of Elastic. On December 18, 2001, Mr. Griffith and other
representatives of Elastic, visited Paradyne's headquarters in Largo, Florida to
conduct due diligence on Paradyne's business, including its products and
services, human resources, finance, legal matters and technology with Mr.
Belanger and several other Paradyne representatives. Robertson Stephens also
participated in this due diligence review. Mr. Borne also conducted financial
and general due diligence via telephone during this period.

     During the period of December 14 through December 27, 2001, Elastic
negotiated and completed several amendments to the commercial agreements between
Elastic and Nortel Networks. During the period of December 26 through December
27, 2001, the parties negotiated and completed negotiations with Nortel Networks
regarding the voting agreement with Nortel Networks, including the termination
of the warrant agreement issued by Elastic to Nortel Networks, and the granting
of certain registration rights by Paradyne to Nortel Networks. Also during late
December 2001, Elastic, entities affiliated with the Texas Pacific Group, Mr.
Belanger, Mr. Murphy and Mr. Thomas E. Epley (Paradyne's chairman of the board)
negotiated the terms of the voting agreements for these stockholders. Elastic
and Pequot Private Equity Fund II, L.P. also negotiated the terms of an
agreement, which is included as Annex D to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus, pursuant to which the warrant that Pequot held to purchase
51,230 shares of Elastic stock will be terminated effective as of the completion
of the merger.

     On December 19, 2001, at a special meeting of Elastic's board of directors,
Elastic's management and legal and financial advisors reviewed for the Elastic
board the status of negotiations and the material terms of the proposed merger.
Elastic's board further discussed at this meeting the other alternative
transactions considered by the board.

     On December 20, 2001, at a special meeting of Paradyne's board of
directors, Paradyne's management and financial and legal advisors reviewed for
the Paradyne board the status of negotiations, the material terms of the
proposed merger and the related amendment to its amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of
Paradyne common stock.

     On December 27, 2001, Elastic held a mid-morning meeting of its board of
directors to review the proposed merger and outstanding matters. Elastic's
management and legal counsel and financial advisor also were present at the
meeting. At this meeting, Elastic's legal counsel reviewed with the board the
principal terms and conditions of the merger. Also at this meeting, Robertson
Stephens reviewed with the board financial aspects of the proposed merger. Later
in the afternoon on December 27, 2001, Elastic held another board meeting to
review the finalized merger agreement and related transaction documents. At this
meeting, Elastic's legal counsel further reviewed the principal terms and
conditions of the merger with the board. Also at this meeting, Robertson
Stephens reviewed with the board its financial analysis of the exchange ratio
and rendered to the board an oral opinion, which was confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion dated December 27, 2001, as to the fairness, from a financial
point of view, of the exchange ratio. The Elastic Board also considered the
alternatives to the proposed acquisition by Paradyne, including (a) continuing
to maintain Elastic as an independent company and not engaging in any
extraordinary transactions, (b) continuing to seek alternative buyers of
Elastic, (c) continuing to seek alternative strategic arrangements with third
parties, and (d) liquidating and dissolving Elastic. After full discussion,
those present at the board meeting, which constituted a quorum, unanimously
approved the merger

agreement, the merger and the related transactions and authorized Mr. Gill and
Elastic's other representatives to finalize and execute all necessary
documentation.

     Also on December 27, 2001, Paradyne held a special meeting of its board of
directors to review the proposed merger and the related proposed amendment to
its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase the number of
authorized shares of Paradyne common stock. Paradyne's management and legal
counsel and financial advisor also were present at the meeting. At this meeting,
Paradyne's management updated the board on the negotiations with Elastic and
reviewed again Paradyne's strategic and financial reasons for acquiring Elastic.
In addition, Paradyne's legal counsel summarized the material terms of the draft
merger agreement, the draft voting agreements and the proposed amendment to
Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Paradyne's
management further discussed Elastic's intellectual property and the
modifications to Elastic's intellectual property arrangements with Nortel
Networks entered into in connection with the proposed merger. Also at this
meeting, Raymond James reviewed with the board its financial analysis of the
consideration to be paid by Paradyne in the merger and rendered to the board an
oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated
December 27, 2001, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
consideration to be paid by Paradyne in the merger. After full discussion,
Paradyne's board approved the merger agreement, the merger, the related
transactions and the proposed amendment to Paradyne's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and authorized Mr. Belanger and Paradyne's other
representatives to finalize and execute all necessary documentation.

     On December 27, 2001, Paradyne and Elastic executed the merger agreement
and the various Paradyne and Elastic directors, officers and stockholders
executed the voting agreements and the other related agreements. Paradyne and
Elastic publicly announced the proposed merger early on the morning of December
28, 2001.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE PARADYNE BOARD AND REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Paradyne's board of directors voted to approve and adopt the merger
agreement and determined that the merger agreement and the issuance of shares of
Paradyne common stock in the merger are advisable and in the best interests of
Paradyne and its stockholders. ACCORDINGLY, THE PARADYNE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RECOMMENDS THAT PARADYNE STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE ISSUANCE OF
SHARES OF PARADYNE COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER.

     In reaching its decision to recommend the issuance of shares in the merger,
Paradyne's board concluded that combining Elastic's Ethernet-based DSL business
with Paradyne's existing broadband network access business provides a unique
opportunity to help Paradyne achieve its strategic goal of complementing and
expanding its set of DSL products. The Paradyne board believes that because of
this, the merger provides an opportunity for achieving enhanced financial
performance and increasing stockholder value.

     In concluding that the acquisition of Elastic by Paradyne is in the best
interests of Paradyne and its stockholders, the Paradyne board consulted with
senior members of Paradyne management regarding the strategic and operational
aspects of the merger and the results of due diligence efforts undertaken by
management. In addition, the Paradyne board consulted with Raymond James about
the fairness to Paradyne, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration to be paid by Paradyne in the merger. The board of directors also
consulted with Alston & Bird LLP, legal counsel to Paradyne, regarding the
duties of the members of the board of directors and the terms of the merger
agreement and related agreements. In concluding that the merger and the issuance
of shares is advisable and in the best interests of Paradyne and its
stockholders, the Paradyne board considered, among other things, the following
factors that supported its decision to approve the merger agreement and
recommend that Paradyne stockholders vote to approve the issuance of shares of
Paradyne common stock in the merger:

     - the ability to combine Elastic's intellectual property relating to
       next-generation Ethernet-based DSL technology with Paradyne's
       intellectual property relating to DSL technology;

     - the ability to meet new customer demands for the latest DSL technology;

     - the opportunity to integrate the best attributes of Paradyne's and
       Elastic's existing products;

     - the opportunity to use Elastic's existing customer relationships to
       increase sales of Paradyne's DSL products;

     - the ability to use Paradyne's channels of distribution and customer base
       both domestically and internationally to augment sales of Elastic's
       products;

     - the opportunity to improve Paradyne's balance sheet as a result of
       Elastic's significant working capital position;

     - the potential to reduce Elastic's significant manufacturing costs by
       shifting component procurement and manufacturing from an outside contract
       manufacturer to Paradyne's manufacturing operations;

     - the potential to reduce research and development, selling and general and
       administrative expenses by utilizing Paradyne's employees and systems to
       provide many of the services currently performed by Elastic employees and
       outside consultants;

     - the ability to accelerate Paradyne's access to the "in-building" DSL
       marketplace, a market targeted by Paradyne;

     - the potential use of available well-qualified Elastic employees to assist
       Paradyne in entering a key target market;

     - reports from management regarding the results of its due diligence
       investigation of Elastic;

     - the terms of the merger agreement and the structure of the merger,
       including the conditions of each party's obligations to complete the
       merger;

     - the merger agreement's prohibition against Elastic soliciting another
       acquisition, and the agreement by Elastic to pay Paradyne a termination
       fee of $1.0 million under circumstances in which Elastic enters into an
       acquisition agreement or closes an acquisition with another party within
       twelve months of the termination of the merger agreement or the Elastic
       board of directors changes or withdraws its recommendation that the
       Elastic stockholders vote in favor of the merger;

     - the merger agreement's provision for Elastic to reimburse Paradyne's
       costs and expenses up to $300,000 if the merger agreement is terminated
       in specified circumstances;

     - the merger agreement's provisions regarding a net adjusted working
       capital adjustment that are designed to protect Paradyne from unexpected
       decreases in Elastics' significant working capital position as noted
       above;

     - the ability of Paradyne and Elastic to complete the merger; and

     - Raymond James' financial analyses and presentation to the board, and the
       opinion of Raymond James to the board, dated December 27, 2001, as to the
       fairness to Paradyne, from a financial point of view, of the merger
       consideration to be paid by Paradyne in the merger.

     The Paradyne board also considered the potential adverse consequences of
the proposed merger, including:

     - the risk that benefits sought in the merger would not be obtained;

     - the risk that the merger would not be completed;

     - the effect of the public announcement of the merger on Paradyne's and
       Elastic's customer relations, operating results and ability to retain
       employees, and the trading price of Paradyne common stock;

     - the possible difficulties of integrating the operations, management and
       corporate cultures of Elastic and Paradyne;

     - the substantial management time and effort that will be required to
       complete the merger and integrate the operations of the two companies;
       and

     - other risks described in this joint proxy statement-prospectus under
       "Risk Factors."

     In the judgment of the Paradyne board of directors, the potential benefits
of the merger outweighed the risks inherent in the merger.

     The factors considered by the Paradyne board listed above are not
exhaustive, but Paradyne believes they include the material factors considered
by the Paradyne board. The Paradyne board did not quantify or otherwise attempt
to assign relative weights to the specific factors the Paradyne board considered
in reaching its determination to recommend the issuance of Paradyne shares in
the merger. Rather, the Paradyne board viewed its position and recommendation as
being based on the total information presented to and considered by the Paradyne
board.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE ELASTIC BOARD AND REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     At a meeting held on December 27, 2001, the Elastic board voted to approve
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, determined that such
transactions were fair to, in the best interests of, and advisable for the
stockholders of Elastic, and resolved to recommend that the stockholders adopt
the merger agreement. ACCORDINGLY, THE ELASTIC BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS
THAT THE ELASTIC STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AT
THE SPECIAL MEETING.

     The following discussion of the factors considered by the Elastic board is
not intended to be exhaustive but summarizes the material factors considered by
the Elastic board in making its recommendations. In view of the wide variety of
factors considered by the Elastic board, the Elastic board did not find it
practical to and did not quantify or assign any relative or specific weights to
the following factors or determine that any factor was of particular importance,
nor did it specifically characterize any factor as positive or negative, except
as described below. The Elastic board viewed its positions and recommendations
as being based on the totality of the information presented. In addition,
individual members of the Elastic board may have given differing weights to
differing factors and may have viewed certain factors more positively or
negatively than others. Throughout its deliberations, the Elastic board
consulted with Elastic's management, its legal and financial advisors. In
reaching its conclusion that the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement are fair to, in the best interest of, and advisable for the
stockholders of Elastic, the Elastic board principally considered the material
factors listed below:

     - the Elastic board's familiarity with, and presentations by management and
       discussions with its legal and financial advisors regarding, the
       business, operations, properties and assets, financial condition,
       competitive position, business strategy and prospects of Elastic and
       Paradyne (as well as the risks involved in achieving those prospects),
       and the current environment for the industry in which Elastic and
       Paradyne compete, and current industry, economic and market conditions,
       both on a historical and on a prospective basis;

     - the business, results of operations, financial condition and future
       prospects of Elastic if it were to retain its current ownership
       structure;

     - the alternatives available to Elastic, including (a) continuing to
       maintain Elastic as an independent company and not engaging in any
       extraordinary transaction, (b) continuing to seek alternative buyers of
       Elastic, (c) continuing to seek alternative strategic arrangements with
       third parties, and (d) liquidating and dissolving Elastic;

     - the fact that the merger is a vehicle to achieve the long-term strategic
       and financial goals of Elastic while at the same time offering Elastic
       stockholders the ability to participate in these goals through an equity
       participation;

     - the fact that the estimated purchase price of $0.86 per share represented
       an approximate 43% premium over the closing price of Elastic common stock
       on December 27, 2001, and for the Elastic

       stockholders to realize this premium on a tax-deferred basis, other than
       taxes payable on cash paid instead of fractional shares;

     - the current, historical and estimated future market prices of Paradyne
       common stock relative to those of other industry participants and general
       market and sector indices;

     - the extensive negotiations with and various commitments of Paradyne;

     - the potential for significant opportunities for cost savings, revenue
       growth, technological development and other benefits;

     - the potential commercial impact of having access to the Paradyne
       marketing and distribution channels for Elastic's products;

     - the anticipated impact of the merger on the combined enterprise's ability
       to maintain and enhance its reputation for delivering high quality
       services to customers;

     - the impact that the merger would be expected to have on the combined
       company's balance sheet, earnings and cash flow;

     - the financial presentation of Robertson Stephens to the Elastic board on
       December 27, 2001, including its oral opinion, which was confirmed by
       delivery of a written opinion dated December 27, 2001, as to the
       fairness, from a financial point of view and as of that date, of the
       exchange ratio provided for in the merger, as described below under
       "-- Opinion of Elastic's Financial Advisor;"

     - the fact that the terms of the merger agreement provide that, under
       certain circumstances, and subject to certain conditions more fully
       described under "-- Solicitation Prohibitions," "-- Waiver, Amendment and
       Termination," and "-- Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement Payment,"
       Elastic can furnish information to, and conduct negotiations with, a
       third party in connection with an unsolicited proposal for an acquisition
       of Elastic and can terminate the merger agreement for a superior proposal
       prior to stockholder approval of the merger agreement provided that
       Elastic pays to Paradyne a $1.0 million termination fee and other
       expense-related amounts;

     - the fact that the conditions to Paradyne's obligations to complete the
       merger were, in light of all of the relevant circumstances and the
       assessment of the Elastic board, not unduly difficult to achieve;

     - the fact that regulatory issues are unlikely to arise which could delay
       or jeopardize the transaction; and

     - the terms and structure of the proposed transaction and the merger
       agreement, including the ratio for the exchange of shares and the size of
       the termination fee and circumstances under which it would be payable.

     The Elastic board also considered potential adverse facts and risks
relating to the merger, including the following adverse material facts and
risks:

     - the potential disruption to the Elastic business that might result from
       the announcement of the merger;

     - the possibility that, notwithstanding the provisions of the merger
       agreement allowing Elastic under certain circumstances to furnish
       information to and conduct negotiations with a third party and terminate
       the merger agreement prior to stockholder approval of the merger
       agreement in connection with a superior proposal for a business
       combination or acquisition of Elastic with a third party, the termination
       fee payable upon such termination might discourage other parties that
       might otherwise have an interest in a business combination with, or an
       acquisition of, Elastic. See "-- Waiver, Amendment and Termination" and
       "-- Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement Payment;"

     - the risk that some key employees of Elastic would depart or be terminated
       and that substantial management time and effort will be required to
       complete the merger;

     - the possible difficulties of integrating the operations, management and
       corporate cultures of Elastic and Paradyne;

     - the possibility that the merger may not be completed; and

     - other risks described in this joint proxy statement-prospectus under
       "Risk Factors."

     The Elastic board did not believe that the above negative factors and other
relevant factors were sufficient, individually or in the aggregate, to outweigh
the potential advantages of the merger.

OPINION OF PARADYNE'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Paradyne retained Raymond James & Associates, Inc. to act as the sole
external financial advisor to Paradyne regarding the potential acquisition of
Elastic. Raymond James was selected by Paradyne based upon Paradyne's prior
experience dealing with Raymond James and Raymond James' experience with
Elastic, its business and the industry in which it operates. Raymond James is
actively engaged in the investment banking business and regularly undertakes the
valuation of investment securities in connection with public offerings, private
placements, business combinations and similar transactions.

     At the meeting of Paradyne's board of directors on December 27, 2001,
Raymond James delivered an oral presentation and opinion to the board, which was
confirmed in writing later that day, to the effect that, as of such date and
based on and subject to the matters set forth in the opinion and as described
below, the consideration to be paid by Paradyne in the merger pursuant to the
merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to Paradyne. No
limitations were imposed by the Paradyne board upon Raymond James with respect
to the investigations it made or procedures it followed in rendering its
opinion.

     The full text of the written opinion of Raymond James dated December 27,
2001, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on
the review undertaken, is attached as Annex H to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus and is incorporated in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus by reference. Stockholders are urged to read the opinion in
its entirety. Raymond James' written opinion is addressed to Paradyne's board of
directors, is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of
the consideration to be paid by Paradyne pursuant to the merger agreement, and
does not constitute a recommendation to any Paradyne stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote at Paradyne's special meeting. The opinion does not
express any opinion with respect to any other reasons, legal, business or
otherwise, that may support the decision of Paradyne's board of directors to
approve or complete the merger. The terms of the merger agreement were
determined pursuant to negotiations between Paradyne and Elastic, and not
pursuant to recommendations of Raymond James.

     In connection with Raymond James' review of the Elastic merger and the
preparation of the opinion, Raymond James has, among other things:

     - reviewed the financial terms and conditions as stated in a December 26,
       2001 draft of the merger agreement;

     - reviewed Paradyne's and Elastic's Annual Reports filed on Form 10-K for
       the years ended 1999 and 2000;

     - reviewed Paradyne's and Elastic's Quarterly Reports filed on Form 10-Q
       for the quarters ended March 31, 2001, June 30, 2001 and September 30,
       2001;

     - reviewed other Paradyne and Elastic financial and operating information
       requested from and/or provided by Paradyne and Elastic, including
       financial projections;

     - reviewed certain other publicly available information on Paradyne and
       Elastic;

     - reviewed certain publicly available information regarding companies
       deemed comparable to Paradyne and Elastic, including valuations for such
       companies; and

     - discussed with members of the senior management of Paradyne and Elastic
       certain information relating to the aforementioned and any other matters
       which Raymond James deemed relevant to its inquiry.

     In conducting its investigation and analyses and in arriving at its
opinion, Raymond James took into account such accepted financial and investment
banking procedures and considerations as it deemed relevant, including a review
of: (1) historical and projected revenues, operating earnings, net income and
capitalization of Elastic and certain publicly held companies in businesses it
believed to be comparable to Elastic; (2) the current and projected financial
position and results of operations of Elastic; (3) the terms of certain recent
transactions deemed by Raymond James to be comparable to the proposed
acquisition of Elastic; and (4) the general condition of the securities markets.

     As described in its opinion, Raymond James assumed and relied upon the
accuracy and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made
available to Raymond James by Paradyne, Elastic or any other party and did not
attempt to verify independently any such information. In addition, Raymond James
did not make or rely upon any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Elastic in preparing and
delivering its opinion. Raymond James assumed that the financial forecasts and
other information with respect to Elastic examined by Raymond James had been
reasonably prepared in good faith on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of Paradyne and Elastic, and
Raymond James relied upon each party to advise it promptly if any such
information previously provided to or discussed with Raymond James had become
inaccurate or had been required to be updated during the period of its review.
In addition, Raymond James has assumed that the Elastic merger will be completed
substantially in accordance with the terms set forth in the merger agreement.

     The opinion was based on market, economic, financial and other
circumstances and conditions as in effect on, and the information available to
it as of, December 27, 2001, the date of the opinion.

     ANALYSES OF RAYMOND JAMES.  In performing its analyses, Raymond James made
numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are
beyond the control of Raymond James, Paradyne and Elastic. Any estimates
contained in the analyses performed by Raymond James are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or future results, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Additionally, estimates of
the value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which those businesses or securities might actually be
sold. Accordingly, these analyses and estimates are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty. The Raymond James opinion was among several factors
taken into consideration by Paradyne's board of directors in making its
determination to enter into the merger agreement. In addition, Paradyne's board
of directors did not rely on any single analysis in making its determination.
Consequently, the analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative
of the decision of Paradyne's board or management with respect to the merger or
the merger consideration.

     The summary that follows is not a complete description of the analyses
underlying the Raymond James opinion or the presentation made by Raymond James
to Paradyne's board of directors, but rather summarizes the material analyses
performed and presented in connection with its opinion. The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving various determinations
as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the
application of those methods to the particular circumstances. Therefore, a
fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary
description.

     In arriving at its opinion, Raymond James did not attribute any particular
weight to any analysis or factor that it considered, but rather made qualitative
judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. The
financial analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular
format. Accordingly, Raymond James believes that its analyses and the summary of
its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its
analyses and factors or focusing on the information presented below in tabular
format, without considering all analyses and factors or the full narrative

description of the financial analysis, including the methodologies and
assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion. The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.

     Transaction Summary.  The total purchase price includes Elastic's total
enterprise value, or TEV, which, after negotiation, was determined by Paradyne
and Elastic to be equal to $12,050,000, plus adjusted net working capital.
Adjusted net working capital, measured on the adjustment date according to the
schedule in the merger agreement, will be net working capital reduced by an
estimated $4,630,000 for certain costs to be borne by Elastic. To the extent
that a portion of such costs are incurred by Elastic prior to the closing of a
transaction, the $4,630,000 adjustment amount shall be reduced accordingly. If
the actual adjusted net working capital is less than or exceeds the targeted
adjusted net working capital by more than $100,000, the total purchase price
will be adjusted dollar for dollar. The targeted adjusted net working capital is
estimated to be $16,799,000 as of March 31, 2002.

     For purposes of determining a reference range for an implied TEV for
Elastic, Raymond James utilized the following methodologies:

     Comparable Public Companies Trading Multiples Comparison.  Raymond James
compared financial, operating and stock market data of Paradyne, Elastic and the
following eight publicly traded companies in the high-speed access, including
DSL, industry:

          -  Advanced Switching Communications, Inc.

          -  Carrier Access Corp.

          -  Copper Mountain Networks, Inc.

          -  Larscom, Inc.

          -  Next Level Communications, Inc.

          -  Turnstone Systems, Inc.

          -  Tut Systems, Inc.

          -  Vina Technologies, Inc.

     For each of the eight comparable companies and Paradyne, Raymond James
calculated, among other things, the multiples, based on closing stock prices on
December 26, 2001, of:

     - TEV to revenue (which excludes the value of cash) for the most the last
       12 months reported, which is referred to as LTM revenue; and

     - TEV to projected 2002 revenue.

     For each of the comparable companies with positive TEV and Paradyne, the
mean and median multiples were as follows:

                                                               MEDIAN      MEAN
VALUATION METRIC                                              MULTIPLE   MULTIPLE
- ----------------                                              --------   --------

TEV to LTM revenue..........................................    0.6x       1.0x
TEV to projected 2002 revenue...............................    0.7x       1.0x

     Based on the foregoing multiples, Raymond James determined a reference
range for an implied TEV for Elastic of $20 million to $34 million. To calculate
the trading multiples utilized in the analysis of selected comparable publicly
traded companies, Raymond James used publicly available information concerning
the historical and projected financial performance of Paradyne and the
comparable companies.

     With regard to the comparable public company analysis summarized above,
Raymond James selected comparable public companies on the basis of various
factors, including the size of the public company and the similarity of the
lines of business. No public company used as a comparison, however, is identical
to Elastic. Accordingly, these analyses are not purely mathematical, but also
involve complex considerations

and judgments concerning the differences in financial and operating
characteristics of the comparable companies and other factors. These factors
could affect the public trading value of the comparable companies to which
Elastic is being compared.

     Comparable Transactions Analysis.  Using publicly available information,
Raymond James considered selected transactions in the high-speed access
industry, including DSL, that Raymond James deemed to be relevant. Specifically,
Raymond James reviewed the following transactions that it deemed to be
comparable:

ACQUIROR                                    TARGET
- --------                                    ------

Globespan, Inc...........................   Virata, Inc.
Netopia, Inc.............................   Cayman Systems, Inc.
ADIR Technologies, Inc...................   NetSpeak Corporation
Technitrol, Inc..........................   Excelsus Technologies, Inc.
Siemens AG...............................   Efficient Networks, Inc.
Extreme Networks, Inc....................   Optranet, Inc.
Nokia Corporation........................   Ramp Networks, Inc.
Polycom, Inc.............................   Accord Networks, Inc.

     Using publicly available information concerning each of the target
companies, Raymond James calculated, based on historical financial information
for the latest reported twelve months immediately preceding the announcement of
each of the respective transactions and projected financial information (where
available) from publicly available reports from other securities firms, the
following mean and median multiples.

                                                               MEDIAN      MEAN
VALUATION METRIC                                              MULTIPLE   MULTIPLE
- ----------------                                              --------   --------

TEV to LTM revenue..........................................    3.0x       3.2x
TEV to projected 2001/2002 revenue, as applicable...........    2.7x       3.4x

     Based on the foregoing, Raymond James determined a reference range for an
implied TEV for Elastic of $76 million to $107 million. No company utilized in
the selected comparable transaction analysis is identical to Elastic, nor is any
transaction identical to the contemplated merger. Therefore, a purely
quantitative comparable transaction analysis would not be dispositive in the
context of this merger and an appropriate use of such analysis involves
qualitative judgments concerning the differences between the characteristics of
these transactions and the merger of Paradyne and Elastic that would affect the
value of the target companies and of Elastic. Such qualitative judgments are
reflected in the Raymond James opinion.

     Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.  Raymond James performed a discounted cash
flow analysis to estimate a range of present values of Elastic's TEV. Raymond
James determined the range of present values by calculating the sum of (i) the
present value of projected free cash flows over the period including the nine
months ending December 31, 2002 and the twelve months ending December 31, 2003,
and (ii) the present value of the estimated terminal value in year 2003. In
calculating a terminal value, Raymond James applied multiples of projected 2003
revenue ranging from 0.5x to 0.7x. The projected free cash flows of Elastic used
by Raymond James in its analysis were derived from estimates prepared by
Paradyne and include certain anticipated synergies. The free cash flows and
terminal value were discounted to present value using discount rates ranging
from 18% to 22%. Raymond James viewed this range of discount rates as
appropriate for companies with the risk characteristics of Elastic.

     Based on the foregoing, Raymond James determined a reference range for an
implied TEV for Elastic of $18 million to $25 million. The discounted cash flow
analyses of Elastic does not necessarily indicate actual values or actual future
results and do not purport to reflect the prices at which any securities may
trade at the present or at any time in the future. The range of discount rates
applied to Elastic referred to in the above paragraphs were based on several
factors, including Raymond James' knowledge of Elastic

and the industry in which it operates, the business risk of Elastic, and the
overall interest rate environment as of December 27, 2001. Discounted cash flow
analysis is a widely used valuation methodology, but the results of this
methodology are highly dependent on the numerous assumptions that must be made,
including earnings growth rates, terminal values, and discount rates.

     Contribution Analysis.  Using the same financial projections employed in
the discounted cash flow analysis described above for Elastic and Raymond James'
Equity Research 2001 and 2002 projections for Paradyne, Raymond James performed
a contribution analysis to estimate Elastic's revenue and gross profit
contribution to the combined company. Based on an analysis of combined revenue
and gross profit, the median Elastic contribution was 14% and the mean Elastic
contribution was 13%. Raymond James used a contribution range of 13% to 17%. The
contribution range was applied to a combined TEV of Paradyne and Elastic using
projected 2002 combined revenue multiplied by a 0.7x revenue multiple, which
reflects Paradyne's 2002 revenue multiple as of December 26, 2001.

     Based on the foregoing, Raymond James determined a reference range for an
implied TEV for Elastic of $16 million to $20 million.

     MISCELLANEOUS.  Raymond James provided financial advisory services and a
fairness opinion in connection with the merger, and Paradyne agreed to pay
Raymond James a customary fee in connection with the provision of these services
and the opinion. Paradyne has also agreed to reimburse Raymond James for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to provide customary indemnification
protection to Raymond James. In the ordinary course of business, Raymond James
may trade in the securities of Paradyne or Elastic for its own account and for
the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or
short position in such securities.

     Raymond James has consented to the descriptions of its opinion in, and the
inclusion of its opinion as an annex to, this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

OPINION OF ELASTIC'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR

     Robertson Stephens was retained by Elastic to act as its exclusive
financial advisor in connection with the proposed merger. Elastic selected
Robertson Stephens based on its experience, expertise and reputation. As part of
its investment banking business, Robertson Stephens is frequently engaged in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of securities,
private placements and other purposes.

     In connection with its engagement, Elastic requested that Robertson
Stephens evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders
of Elastic common stock of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger. On
December 27, 2001, at a meeting of the Elastic board of directors held to
evaluate the proposed merger, Robertson Stephens delivered to Elastic's board an
oral opinion, which was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated
December 27, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject
to the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken, the exchange ratio provided for in the merger was fair, from a
financial point of view, to holders of Elastic common stock. For purposes of
Robertson Stephens' opinion, "holders of Elastic common stock" is defined as all
holders of Elastic common stock other than Paradyne, Phoenix Merger Sub and any
of their respective affiliates and other than any holders of Elastic common
stock as to which dissenters' rights have been properly exercised.

     The exchange ratio was determined through negotiations between the
managements of Elastic and Paradyne. Although Robertson Stephens assisted
Elastic's management in those negotiations, it was not asked by, and did not
recommend to, Elastic that any specific consideration constituted the
appropriate consideration for the merger. Except as otherwise described, no
other instructions or limitations were imposed by the Elastic board of directors
on Robertson Stephens with respect to the investigations made or procedures
followed by it in furnishing its opinion.

     The full text of Robertson Stephens' opinion, which describes the
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken,
is attached to this joint proxy statement-prospectus as

Annex I and is incorporated herein by reference. Holders of Elastic common stock
are encouraged to read this opinion in its entirety. The opinion of Robertson
Stephens was provided for the information of the Elastic board of directors in
connection with its evaluation of the merger and is not intended to be and does
not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder
should vote, or take any other action, on matters relating to the merger.
Robertson Stephens' opinion does not address the relative merits of the merger
or other business strategies that the Elastic board of directors had considered
or may have been considering, and does not address the decision of the Elastic
board of directors to proceed with the merger. The summary of the opinion of
Robertson Stephens included in this joint proxy statement-prospectus is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion attached
as Annex I.

     Robertson Stephens' opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial
point of view and as of the date of the opinion, to the holders of Elastic
common stock of the exchange ratio provided for in the merger. Robertson
Stephens did not express any opinion as to the value of any employee agreement
or other arrangement entered into in connection with the merger, any tax or
other consequences that might result from the merger or what the value of
Paradyne common stock will be when issued to Elastic's stockholders in the
merger or the price at which the shares of Paradyne common stock that are issued
in the merger may be traded in the future. Robertson Stephens' opinion also did
not take into account the particular tax status or position of any stockholder
of Elastic. In furnishing its opinion, Robertson Stephens was not engaged as an
agent or fiduciary of Elastic's stockholders or any other third party. In
addition, Robertson Stephens' opinion did not address any legal or accounting
matters, as to which Elastic obtained advice as it deemed necessary from
qualified professionals.

     In arriving at its opinion, Robertson Stephens:

     - reviewed publicly available financial statements and other business and
       financial information of Elastic and Paradyne;

     - reviewed with Elastic and Paradyne internal financial statements and
       other financial and operating data, including financial forecasts and
       other forward looking information, concerning Elastic and Paradyne as
       prepared by the managements of Elastic and Paradyne;

     - reviewed with Elastic and Paradyne publicly available estimates of
       research analysts relating to Elastic and Paradyne;

     - held discussions with the managements of Elastic and Paradyne concerning
       the businesses, past and current operations, financial condition and
       future prospects of both Elastic and Paradyne, independently and
       combined, including discussions with the management of Elastic concerning
       the liquidity needs of, and capital resources available to, Elastic and
       discussions with the managements of Elastic and Paradyne concerning the
       potential cost savings and other synergies that are expected by the
       managements of Elastic and Paradyne to result from the merger as well as
       their views regarding the strategic rationale for the merger;

     - reviewed the financial terms and conditions contained in the merger
       agreement;

     - reviewed the stock prices and trading history of Elastic common stock and
       Paradyne common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of Elastic and Paradyne and the prices
       and trading activity of Elastic common stock and Paradyne common stock
       with that of other publicly traded companies generally comparable to
       Elastic and Paradyne;

     - compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms, to
       the extent publicly available, of other transactions that Robertson
       Stephens deemed relevant;

     - reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the merger on Paradyne's
       revenue and cash earnings per share;

     - reviewed the relative contributions of Elastic and Paradyne to the
       combined company;

     - performed a liquidation analysis of Elastic using assumptions and
       estimates provided to or discussed with Robertson Stephens by the
       management of Elastic as to the current market value of Elastic's assets,
       the amount of Elastic's current liabilities and the potential expenses
       associated with a liquidation;

     - participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
       Elastic and Paradyne and their advisors;

     - solicited, at Elastic's direction, third party indications of interest in
       the acquisition of all or a part of Elastic; and

     - made other studies and inquiries, and reviewed other data, as Robertson
       Stephens deemed relevant.

     In its review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, Robertson
Stephens assumed and relied on the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to it, including information furnished
to Robertson Stephens orally or otherwise discussed with Robertson Stephens by
the managements of Elastic and Paradyne, or publicly available and did not
assume responsibility for verifying any of the information. Robertson Stephens
relied on the assurances of the managements of Elastic and Paradyne that they
were not aware of any facts that would make the information inaccurate or
misleading. In addition, Robertson Stephens did not obtain or make, or assume
any responsibility for obtaining or making, any independent evaluation or
appraisal of any of the properties, assets or liabilities, contingent or
otherwise, of Elastic or Paradyne, and Robertson Stephens was not furnished with
any evaluation or appraisal.

     With respect to publicly available financial forecasts for Elastic and
Paradyne that Robertson Stephens reviewed, Robertson Stephens discussed these
forecasts with the managements of Elastic and Paradyne and assumed that these
forecasts represented reasonable estimates and judgments as to Elastic's and
Paradyne's future financial condition and performance. With respect to the other
financial data, forecasts and projections and their underlying assumptions and
bases for Elastic and Paradyne that Robertson Stephens reviewed, including
estimates relating to the net adjusted working capital of Elastic and
projections regarding the operations of the combined company after the merger
and the potential cost savings and other synergies expected to result from the
merger, Robertson Stephens assumed that the data, forecasts and projections were
reasonably prepared in good faith on the basis of reasonable assumptions and
reflected the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
managements of Elastic and Paradyne as to Elastic's and Paradyne's future
financial condition and performance, individually and as combined, and as to the
other matters covered by such financial data. Robertson Stephens also assumed
that the projections and forecasts would be realized in the amounts and in the
time periods estimated. In addition, Robertson Stephens relied upon the
assessments of the managements of Elastic and Paradyne as to Elastic's and
Paradyne's existing and future technology and products as well as the risks
associated with, and the agreements or other arrangements with key customers
for, their technology and products. Robertson Stephens assumed that the merger
would be completed on the terms contained in the merger agreement without
material alteration, including that the merger would be accounted for as a
"purchase method" business combination in accordance with GAAP and that the
merger would be treated as a tax-free reorganization under the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. In addition, Robertson Stephens assumed that the
historical financial statements of each of Elastic and Paradyne reviewed by
Robertson Stephens were prepared and fairly presented in accordance with GAAP
consistently applied.

     Robertson Stephens' opinion is necessarily based on market, economic and
other conditions as in effect on, and information made available to Robertson
Stephens as of, the date of its opinion. It should be understood that subsequent
developments may affect the conclusion expressed in the opinion of Robertson
Stephens and that Robertson Stephens disclaims any undertaking or obligation to
advise any person of any change in any matter affecting its opinion which may
come or be brought to Robertson Stephens' attention after the date of the
opinion.

     In preparing its opinion, Robertson Stephens performed a variety of
financial and comparative analyses, including those described below. The summary
of these analyses is not a comprehensive

description of all analyses and factors considered by Robertson Stephens. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process that involves various
determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial
analysis and the application of these methods to the particular circumstances
and, therefore, preparation of a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to
summary description. Robertson Stephens believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of the
factors considered by it or focusing on information presented in tabular format,
without considering all analyses and factors or the narrative description of the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the evaluation process
underlying its opinion. Several analytical methodologies were employed and no
one method of analysis should be regarded as critical to the overall conclusion
reached by Robertson Stephens. Each analytical technique has inherent strengths
and weaknesses, and the nature of the available information may further affect
the value of particular techniques. The conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens
is based on all analyses and factors taken as a whole and also on application of
Robertson Stephens' experience and judgment, which conclusion may involve
significant elements of subjective judgment and qualitative analysis. Robertson
Stephens therefore gives no opinion as to the value or merit standing alone of
any one or more parts of the analyses it performed.

     In performing its analyses, Robertson Stephens considered industry
performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Elastic and Paradyne. No
company, transaction or business used in those analyses as a comparison is
identical to Elastic, Paradyne or the proposed merger, and an evaluation of
those analyses is not entirely mathematical. Rather, the analyses involve
complex considerations and judgments concerning financial and operating
characteristics and other factors that could affect the transaction, public
trading or other values of the companies, business segments or transactions
analyzed. Any estimates contained in these analyses are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by the analyses.
Accordingly, analyses relating to the value of a business do not necessarily
purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a business actually
may be purchased.

     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Robertson Stephens in connection with rendering its opinion. The financial
analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular format. In
order to fully understand the financial analyses of Robertson Stephens, the
tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do
not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. Considering the
data below without considering the full narrative description of the financial
analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses of
Robertson Stephens.

  ELASTIC

     Implied Exchange Ratio Analysis.  Using a "Selected Companies Analysis,"
"Precedent Transactions Analysis" and "Management Liquidation Analysis,"
Robertson Stephens derived an implied equity reference range for Elastic from
each analysis as described below. Robertson Stephens then calculated implied
exchange ratio reference ranges for Elastic common stock and Paradyne common
stock based on these implied equity reference ranges and the closing price of
Paradyne common stock on December 26, 2001. The results of this implied exchange
ratio analysis were then compared with the exchange ratio provided for in the
merger. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied exchange ratio
reference ranges, as compared to the upper, middle and lower bands of the
exchange ratio collar:

                                                               IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIO
                                                                  REFERENCE RANGE
                                                               ----------------------

Selected Companies Analysis.................................      0.186 -- 0.237
Precedent Transactions Analysis.............................      0.144 -- 0.271
Management Liquidation Analysis.............................      0.087 -- 0.098

                                                      EXCHANGE RATIO COLLAR IN THE MERGER
                                                  -------------------------------------------
                                                  UPPER COLLAR   MIDDLE COLLAR   LOWER COLLAR
                                                  ------------   -------------   ------------

Merger Exchange Ratio...........................     0.2692         0.2288          0.1990

          The "Selected Companies Analysis," "Precedent Transactions Analysis"
     and "Management Liquidation Analysis" for Elastic are described below:

         Selected Companies Analysis.  Using publicly available information,
         Robertson Stephens analyzed the market values and trading multiples of
         Elastic and the following six publicly traded companies in the next
         generation digital subscriber line technologies industry:

              -  Advanced Switching Communication, Inc.
              -  Carrier Access Corporation
              -  Copper Mountain Networks, Inc.
              -  Paradyne Networks, Inc.
              -  Tut Systems, Inc.
              -  VINA Technologies, Inc.

         Robertson Stephens reviewed enterprise values, calculated as equity
         value, plus debt, less cash, as a multiple of calendar years 2001 and
         2002 estimated revenue. Estimated financial data for the selected
         companies and Elastic were based on publicly available research
         analysts' estimates. All multiples were based on closing stock prices
         on December 26, 2001. Robertson Stephens then applied a range of
         selected multiples of calendar years 2001 and 2002 estimated revenue
         derived from the selected companies to corresponding financial data of
         Elastic in order to derive an implied equity reference range for
         Elastic. This analysis indicated an implied equity reference range for
         Elastic of approximately $0.70 to $0.89 per share.

         Precedent Transactions Analysis.  Using publicly available information,
         Robertson Stephens analyzed the transaction value multiples paid or
         proposed to be paid in the following 27 selected transactions in the
         access/digital subscriber line industry announced since 1999 with an
         announced deal value of less than $500 million:

          ACQUIROR                                     TARGET
          --------                                     ------

          - Zhone Technologies, Inc.                   - Universal Edge and Access Node
                                                         division of Nortel Networks Inc.
          - Motorola, Inc.                             - RiverDelta Networks, Inc.
          - Breezecom Ltd.                             - Elastic Wireless Systems, Ltd.
          - Western Multiplex Corporation              - WirelessHome Corporation
          - Tellabs, Inc.                              - Future Networks, Inc.
          - Nokia Corporation                          - Ramp Networks, Inc.
          - Efficient Networks, Inc.                   - MultiMedia Development
                                                         Corporation
          - Cisco Systems, Inc.                        - IPCell Technologies, Inc. &
                                                         Vovida Networks, Inc.
          - Marconi plc                                - Mariposa Technology, Inc.
          - ADC Telecommunications, Inc.               - Broadband Access Systems, Inc.
          - Nortel Networks Inc.                       - Sonoma Systems, Inc.
          - Terayon Communication Systems,             - Mainsail Networks, Inc.
            Inc.
          - Clarent Corporation                        - ACT Networks, Inc.
          - Advanced Fibre Communications,             - GVN Technologies, Inc.
            Inc.
          - ADC Telecommunications, Inc.               - PairGain Technologies, Inc.
          - Copper Mountain Networks, Inc.             - OnPREM Networks Corporation

         ACQUIROR                               TARGET
         --------                               ------

         - Nortel Networks Inc.                 - Promatory Communications Inc.
         - Westel Technologies, Inc.            - Teltrend Inc.
         - Redback Networks Inc.                - Siara Systems, Inc.
         - Zhone Technologies, Inc.             - Premisys Communications, Inc.
         - Cisco Systems, Inc.                  - Cocom A/S
         - Nokia Corporation                    - Rooftop Communications
                                                  Corporation
         - Lucent Technologies Inc.             - Xedia Corporation
         - ADC Telecommunications, Inc.         - Pathway Corp.
         - Excel Switching Corporation          - RAScom, Inc.
         - Alcatel                              - Assured Access Technology, Inc.
         - Nokia Corporation                    - Diamond Lane Communications
                                                  Corporation

         Robertson Stephens compared transaction values as multiples of next 12
         months revenue and number of employees. Robertson Stephens then applied
         a range of selected multiples of next 12 months revenue and number of
         employees derived from the selected transactions to corresponding data
         of Elastic adjusted as to the number of employees for workforce
         reductions anticipated by Elastic's management. Robertson Stephens also
         reviewed the premiums paid in the selected transactions based on the
         purchase prices paid in the selected transactions relative to the
         target company's closing stock price one day prior to public
         announcement of the relevant transaction. Robertson Stephens then
         applied a range of selected premiums derived from the selected
         transactions to the closing price for Elastic common stock on December
         26, 2001. Estimated financial data for the selected transactions and
         Elastic were based on publicly available research analysts' estimates.
         Implied transaction values in the selected transactions were adjusted
         to reflect the percentage change in the acquiror company's stock price
         since public announcement of the relevant transaction. This analysis
         indicated an implied equity reference range for Elastic of
         approximately $0.54 to $1.02 per share.

         Management Liquidation Analysis.  Robertson Stephens reviewed a
         liquidation analysis of Elastic's assets prepared by the management of
         Elastic to estimate the potential range of the net amount realizable
         for distribution from a liquidation of Elastic. The net amount
         realizable was based on internal estimates of Elastic's management as
         to the potential market value of Elastic's assets as adjusted for
         either a rapid or orderly liquidation, the amount of Elastic's
         liabilities and the potential expenses associated with either a rapid
         or orderly liquidation. This analysis indicated an implied equity
         reference range for Elastic of approximately $0.33 to $0.37 per share.

     Contribution Analysis.  Robertson Stephens reviewed the relative
contributions of Elastic and Paradyne to the combined company's estimated
revenue and gross profit for calendar years 2001 and 2002. Estimated financial
data for Elastic and Paradyne were based on publicly available research
analysts' estimates. Robertson Stephens then compared Elastic's percentage
contribution to each operational metric observed to the fully diluted equity
ownership percentage of its stockholders in the combined company immediately
upon completion of the merger as implied by the exchange ratio provided for in
the merger. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied
contribution reference range for Elastic, as compared to the fully diluted
equity ownership percentage of Elastic's stockholders in the combined company
based on the upper, middle and lower bands of the exchange ratio collar:

                                                   PRO FORMA FULLY DILUTED EQUITY OWNERSHIP
                                                     PERCENTAGE OF ELASTIC'S STOCKHOLDERS
ELASTIC IMPLIED                                   -------------------------------------------
CONTRIBUTION REFERENCE RANGE                      UPPER COLLAR   MIDDLE COLLAR   LOWER COLLAR
- ----------------------------                      ------------   -------------   ------------

7.3% -- 16.8%...................................      20.5%          17.9%           16.0%

     Historical Exchange Ratio Analysis.  Robertson Stephens reviewed the ratio
of the closing price of Elastic common stock to the closing price of Paradyne
common stock on December 26, 2001 and the average of this ratio calculated over
various periods ended December 26, 2001 as compared to the exchange ratio
provided for in the merger. This analysis indicated the following implied
exchange ratios for the periods observed, as compared to the upper, middle and
lower bands of the exchange ratio collar:

                                                                  IMPLIED
                                                               EXCHANGE RATIO
                                                               --------------

December 26, 2001...........................................       0.159
10 trading days average.....................................       0.138
20 trading days average.....................................       0.152
30 trading days average.....................................       0.180
60 trading days average.....................................       0.231

                                                      EXCHANGE RATIO COLLAR IN THE MERGER
                                                  -------------------------------------------
                                                  UPPER COLLAR   MIDDLE COLLAR   LOWER COLLAR
                                                  ------------   -------------   ------------

Merger Exchange Ratio...........................     0.2692         0.2288          0.1990

     Robertson Stephens also noted the premia/(discount) implied by the exchange
ratio provided for in the merger at the upper, middle and lower bands of the
collar relative to the average exchange ratios for the periods observed. This
analysis indicated an implied premia/(discount) reference range in the merger of
approximately (13.9%) to 95.7%.

     Pro Forma Merger Analysis.  Robertson Stephens analyzed the potential pro
forma effect of the merger on Paradyne's estimated revenue per share and cash
earnings per share for calendar year 2002, based on publicly available research
analysts' estimates and management estimates as to Elastic's and Paradyne's cash
balances as of March 31, 2002 and assuming potential cost savings and other
synergies from the merger for calendar year 2002 as estimated by Elastic's
management. This analysis indicated that the merger could be accretive to
Paradyne's estimated revenue per share at the lower band of the exchange ratio
collar, and dilutive to Paradyne's estimated revenue per share at the upper and
middle bands of the exchange ratio collar, for calendar year 2002. Due to
operating losses of Elastic and Paradyne, this analysis indicated that the
merger would have no meaningful effect on Paradyne's estimated cash earnings per
share for calendar year 2002. The actual results achieved by the combined
company may vary from projected results and the variations may be material.

  PARADYNE

     Selected Companies Analysis.  Using publicly available information,
Robertson Stephens analyzed the market values and trading multiples of Paradyne
and the following eight publicly traded companies in the next generation digital
subscriber line technologies industry:

     -  ADTRAN, Inc.
     -  Advanced Fibre Communications, Inc.
     -  Advanced Switching Communication, Inc.
     -  Carrier Access Corporation
     -  Copper Mountain Networks, Inc.
     -  Elastic Networks Inc.
     -  Tut Systems, Inc.
     -  VINA Technologies, Inc.

Robertson Stephens reviewed enterprise values as a multiple of calendar year
2001 and 2002 estimated revenue. All multiples were based on closing stock
prices on December 26, 2001. Estimated financial data for the selected companies
and Paradyne were based on publicly available research analysts' estimates. This
analysis indicated the following implied low, mean, median and high multiples
for the selected

companies, as compared to the multiples implied for Paradyne based on the
closing price of Paradyne common stock on December 26, 2001:

                                               IMPLIED MULTIPLES
                                             OF SELECTED COMPANIES
                                          ---------------------------    IMPLIED MULTIPLES
                                          LOW    MEAN   MEDIAN   HIGH       OF PARADYNE
                                          ----   ----   ------   ----    -----------------

Calendar year 2001 revenue..............  0.4x   1.3x    1.4x    2.4x          0.8x
Calendar year 2002 revenue..............  0.5x   1.3x    1.5x    2.4x          0.9x

     OTHER FACTORS.  In rendering its opinion, Robertson Stephens also reviewed
and considered other factors, including:

     - the history of trading prices and volume for Elastic common stock and
       Paradyne common stock during the 12-month period ended December 26, 2001;

     - the relationship between movements in Elastic common stock, movements in
       the common stock of selected companies in the digital subscriber line
       technologies industry and movements in the Nasdaq, and the relationship
       between movements in Paradyne common stock, movements in the common stock
       of selected companies in the industry and movements in the Nasdaq, during
       the 12-month period ended December 26, 2001; and

     - selected published analysts' reports on Paradyne.

     MISCELLANEOUS.  Under the terms of Robertson Stephens' engagement,
Robertson Stephens will be entitled to receive customary fees for its financial
advisory services in connection with the merger. Elastic also has agreed to
reimburse Robertson Stephens for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses,
including reasonable legal fees, and to indemnify and hold harmless Robertson
Stephens, its affiliates and each of their affiliates, directors, officers,
agents, advisors, consultants, employees and controlling persons for losses,
claims, damages, expenses and liabilities relating to or arising out of services
provided by Robertson Stephens as financial advisor to Elastic. The terms of the
fee arrangement with Robertson Stephens, which Elastic and Robertson Stephens
believe are customary in transactions of this nature, were negotiated at arm's
length between Elastic and Robertson Stephens, and the Elastic board of
directors was aware of such fee arrangements, including the fact that a
significant portion of the fees payable to Robertson Stephens is contingent upon
completion of the merger.

     Robertson Stephens in the past has provided services to Paradyne unrelated
to the proposed merger, for which services Robertson Stephens has received
compensation. Robertson Stephens maintains a market in shares of Elastic common
stock and Paradyne common stock. Robertson Stephens may actively trade the
securities of Elastic and Paradyne for its own account and for the accounts of
its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
those securities.

COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     Subject to the conditions to the obligations of the parties to effect the
merger, the merger will be completed on the date and at the time specified in
the certificate of merger to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware. Unless Paradyne and Elastic agree otherwise, they will use
reasonable efforts to complete the merger on the first business day after the
last to occur of:

     - the effective date of the last required consent of any regulatory
       authority having authority over the merger; and

     - the date on which the stockholders of Elastic and Paradyne approve the
       transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

     Paradyne and Elastic anticipate that the merger will become effective on or
about               , 2002, however, delays could occur. Paradyne and Elastic
cannot assure you that they will be able to obtain necessary stockholder and
regulatory approvals for the merger or that they will be able to satisfy other
conditions to completion of the merger. Either Elastic or Paradyne may terminate
the merger agreement if the merger is not completed by May 15, 2002, unless the
merger has not been completed because of the breach of the merger agreement by
the party seeking termination. This date will be extended to June 30, 2002, if
the merger has not been completed as a result of the failure of the parties to
have received a required consent of any regulatory authority or unexpired
waiting period required by law, or if a court or governmental or other
regulatory authority has enacted legislation, issued any order or taken or
threatened to take any other action which either does or would prohibit,
restrict or make illegal the completion of the merger. See "-- Conditions to
Completion of the Merger" and "-- Waiver, Amendment and Termination."

DISTRIBUTION OF PARADYNE STOCK CERTIFICATES

     Promptly after the merger is completed, each Elastic stockholder at the
time of completion of the merger will be mailed a letter of transmittal and
instructions for the exchange of the certificates representing shares of Elastic
common stock for certificates representing shares of Paradyne common stock.

  YOU SHOULD NOT SEND IN YOUR CERTIFICATES UNTIL YOU RECEIVE A LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL AND INSTRUCTIONS.

     After you surrender to the exchange agent your certificates for Elastic
common stock with a properly completed letter of transmittal, the exchange agent
will mail you a certificate or certificates representing the number of shares of
Paradyne common stock to which you are entitled and a check for the cash amount
to be paid in lieu of any fractional share, if any, without interest, together
with all undelivered dividends or distributions in respect of the shares of
Paradyne common stock, if any, without interest. Paradyne will not be obligated
to deliver the merger consideration to you, as a former Elastic stockholder,
until you have surrendered your Elastic common stock certificates or submit an
affidavit as described below.

     Whenever a dividend or other distribution is declared by Paradyne on
Paradyne common stock with a record date after the date on which the merger is
completed, the declaration will include dividends or other distributions on all
shares of Paradyne common stock that may be issued in the merger. However,
Paradyne will not pay any dividend or other distribution that is payable after
the completion of the merger to any former Elastic stockholder who has not
surrendered his or her Elastic stock certificates until the holder surrenders
the certificates or submit an affidavit as described below.

     If any Elastic stockholder's stock certificate has been lost, stolen,
mislaid or destroyed, the exchange agent will issue the shares of Paradyne
common stock, the cash payment and any cash in lieu of fractional shares upon
the stockholder's submission of an affidavit claiming the certificate to be
lost, stolen, mislaid or destroyed, the posting of a bond in such amount as
Paradyne and the exchange agent may reasonably require as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against Paradyne with respect to the certificate,

and submission of any other documents necessary to effect the exchange of the
shares represented by the certificate.

     At the time the merger is completed, the stock transfer books of Elastic
will be closed to Elastic stockholders and no transfer of shares of Elastic
common stock by any stockholder will thereafter be made or recognized. If
certificates for shares of Elastic common stock are presented for transfer after
the merger is completed, they will be canceled and exchanged for shares of
Paradyne common stock, the cash amount due in lieu of fractional shares, if any,
and any undelivered dividends on the Paradyne common stock, if any.

CONDITIONS TO COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     Paradyne and Elastic are required to complete the merger only after the
satisfaction of various conditions. These conditions include:

     - the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Elastic common
       stock must have adopted the merger agreement and approved the
       transactions contemplated thereby;

     - the holders of a majority of the shares of Paradyne common stock present
       at the Paradyne special meeting and casting votes on the proposal must
       have approved the issuance of the shares of Paradyne common stock in the
       merger;

     - the holders of 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares of Paradyne common stock
       must have approved the adoption of the amendment to Paradyne's amended
       and restated certificate of incorporation increasing the number of
       authorized shares of Paradyne common stock from 60,000,000 to 80,000,000;

     - the parties must have received all other material required consents of
       any regulatory authority, and these consents must not be conditioned or
       restricted in a manner which Paradyne determines would reasonably likely
       have an adverse impact on Paradyne, on a combined basis with Elastic;

     - there must not be any law or order enacted by a court or governmental or
       other regulatory authority or any other action taken, threatened to be
       taken, or pending by a court or governmental or other regulatory
       authority which prohibits, restricts or makes illegal the completion of
       the merger;

     - the registration statement, of which this joint proxy
       statement-prospectus is a part, must continue to be effective under the
       Securities Act, and all necessary approvals under state or federal
       securities laws must have been obtained;

     - the shares of Paradyne common stock to be issued in the merger must be
       authorized for listing on the Nasdaq National Market upon official notice
       of issuance;

     - Paradyne and Elastic must receive reasonably satisfactory written
       opinions of their respective counsel as to the tax-free nature of the
       exchange of Elastic common stock for shares of Paradyne common stock in
       the merger;

     - as of the date the merger is completed there must not be inaccuracies
       (except for inaccuracies that are insignificant) in the representations
       and warranties with respect to the capitalization of Elastic and Paradyne
       contained in the merger agreement, there must not be material
       inaccuracies in other specified representations and warranties of Elastic
       and Paradyne, and there must not be inaccuracies in the other
       representations and warranties of Elastic and Paradyne contained in the
       merger agreement as of the date of the merger agreement such that the
       aggregate effect of such inaccuracies (without regard to materiality or
       material adverse effect qualifiers) has, or is reasonably likely to have,
       a material adverse effect on such party;

     - Elastic and Paradyne must have performed all agreements and complied with
       all covenants set forth in the merger agreement in all material respects;

     - there must not have been a material adverse effect on Paradyne or Elastic
       that has occurred from the date of the merger agreement to the date the
       merger is completed; and

     - the receipt of various certificates from the officers of Elastic and
       Paradyne.

     In addition, Paradyne may refuse to complete the merger if any of the
following conditions have not been satisfied:

     - Paradyne must have received an affiliate agreement from each of Elastic's
       affiliates, stating that these affiliates agree to be bound by the
       restrictions contained in Rule 145 under the Securities Act with respect
       to any shares of Paradyne common stock received by them in the merger;

     - in the event appraisal rights are available, the holders of no more than
       5.0% of the issued and outstanding shares of Elastic common stock must
       have asserted dissenters' rights under Delaware law (see discussion above
       in "The Special Meetings -- Appraisal Rights" regarding when appraisal
       rights would apply); and

     - Elastic must have obtained the consents, amendments and terminations to
       certain specified contracts, which must be obtained without being
       conditioned or restricted in a manner that would reasonably likely have
       an adverse impact on Paradyne, on a combined basis with Elastic.

     We cannot assure you as to when or if all of the conditions to the merger
can or will be satisfied or waived by the party permitted to do so.

REGULATORY APPROVAL

     Elastic and Paradyne are not aware of any material governmental approvals
or actions that are required to complete the merger, except as described below.
Should any other approval or action be required, Paradyne and Elastic have
agreed that they will seek such approval or action.

     Based on the closing price of Elastic common stock on the date of this
joint proxy statement-prospectus, the merger is not subject to the approval of
the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice or the expiration of
any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, as amended. If the market capitalization of Elastic increases and a filing
with these regulators is required, we will make that filing and the merger will
be subject to the applicable Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Paradyne and Elastic have made customary representations and warranties
relating to their businesses and the merger in the merger agreement, including
representations and warranties as to the following:

     - due organization, valid existence, good standing and the corporate power
       and authority to carry on its business;

     - corporate power and authority to enter into and perform the merger
       agreement and the absence of any conflict in adopting and performing
       under the merger agreement;

     - authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock;

     - matters relating to subsidiaries;

     - timeliness and accuracy of filings with the SEC and of financial
       statements;

     - absence of any undisclosed liabilities that would have a material adverse
       effect;

     - absence of certain material changes or events since September 30, 2001;

     - compliance with laws generally;

     - timely filing of all reports with regulatory authorities and compliance
       and accuracy of these reports; and

     - truth and accuracy of certain statements.

     In addition, Elastic has made additional representations and warranties as
to the following matters:

     - timely filing and payment of all tax obligations, absence of any tax
       claims, compliance with tax laws and certain other tax matters;

     - good and marketable title to all of its assets, free and clear of all
       unreserved liens;

     - absence of certain restrictions on Elastic's use and ownership of certain
       intellectual property and certain related representations and warranties
       related to Elastic's intellectual property;

     - compliance with environmental laws;

     - absence of any labor relation problems, including litigation, claims and
       investigations;

     - performance of its obligations under its employee benefit plans and
       compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

     - existence of and compliance with certain material contracts;

     - absence of any material legal proceedings;

     - absence of any action by Elastic or any of its affiliates that would
       prevent or impede the merger from qualification as a tax-free
       reorganization or the receipt of any consents of regulatory authorities;

     - taking of all necessary action to exempt the merger from Delaware
       takeover laws;

     - taking of all actions so that the merger will not result in the grant of
       rights to any person under Elastic's certificate of incorporation, bylaws
       or other governing instruments;

     - receipt of an opinion from its financial advisor as to the fairness, from
       a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio provided for in the
       merger;

     - determination and resolution by the board of directors to recommend the
       merger to its stockholders; and

     - absence of certain transactions with its affiliates.

     The representations and warranties of Elastic are contained in Article 5 of
the merger agreement, and the representations and warranties of Paradyne are
contained in Article 6 of the merger agreement. The merger agreement is attached
as Annex A to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

     Each of Elastic and Paradyne has agreed to use its reasonable efforts to
take all actions necessary to complete the merger as soon as reasonably
practicable after the date of the merger agreement. The merger agreement also
obligates Elastic to conduct its business only in the usual, regular and
ordinary course before the merger is completed and imposes certain limitations
on the operations of Elastic and its subsidiaries. For example, pending the
merger, absent the prior written consent of Paradyne, Elastic has agreed not to:

     - amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other governing
       instruments;

     - incur additional indebtedness, other than accounts payable incurred in
       the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or
       guarantee any debt obligation of another person or suffer imposition of
       any lien on any asset of Elastic;

     - redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire or exchange its capital stock or
       pay any dividends;

     - issue, sell, pledge or encumber any additional shares of capital stock or
       rights to purchase such shares, except in certain circumstances primarily
       related to employee stock incentive plans and outstanding warrants;

     - adjust, split, combine or reclassify any capital stock or sell, lease,
       mortgage or otherwise dispose of any capital stock or material asset;

     - make any material investments in any person other than pursuant to
       Elastic's investment policy as currently in effect or otherwise acquire
       direct or indirect control over any person;

     - increase compensation or benefits, advance any money, make any loans, pay
       any severance or bonus to any Elastic employees or officers except
       pursuant to contracts in effect on the date of the merger agreement or
       amend or enter into any severance agreement or grant any increase in fees
       or compensation or other benefits to directors;

     - enter into or amend employment contracts;

     - adopt any new employee benefit plan, terminate any existing employee
       benefit plan or make any distributions, other than consistent with past
       practices or as required by law;

     - commence any offering pursuant to its employee stock purchase plan after
       December 31, 2001;

     - change any tax or accounting methods or systems of internal accounting
       controls or make or revoke any tax elections (except under limited
       circumstances);

     - commence any litigation other than in accordance with past practice or
       settle any material litigation involving liability for money damages or
       restrictions upon operations;

     - enter into, modify, amend or terminate any material contracts or waive,
       release, compromise or assign any material rights or claims;

     - enter into, amend or modify any contract, or engage in any new
       transaction, with an affiliate of Elastic;

     - make any capital expenditures or commitments for additions to plant,
       property or equipment that would be a capital asset in excess of an
       aggregate of $30,000 for any calendar month;

     - change its lines of business;

     - enter into any material partnership arrangements, joint development
       agreements or strategic alliances;

     - transfer, license, extend, amend, or modify in any material respect any
       of its intellectual property rights or transfer or license any future
       patent rights;

     - adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution,
       consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;

     - sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of any assets, except
       for (1) sales of inventory and licenses of intellectual property pursuant
       to customer contracts in the ordinary course of business consistent with
       past practice and (2) dispositions of obsolete and/or excess inventory
       previously delivered to a reseller pursuant to the terms of a reseller
       agreement currently in effect; or

     - hire any employee or independent contractor with annual compensation in
       excess of $100,000 or hire any employee or independent contractor with a
       severance or change of control obligation.

     These items are contained in Article 7 of the merger agreement that is
attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

WAIVER, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

     To the extent permitted by law, Paradyne and Elastic may agree in writing
to amend the merger agreement, whether before or after the stockholders of
Elastic have approved it and Paradyne stockholders have approved the issuance of
the shares of Paradyne common stock in the merger, provided that after any such
stockholder approval, the parties will make no amendment that pursuant to
applicable law requires further approval by their respective stockholders
without the further approval of their respective stockholders. In addition,
before or at the time the merger is completed, either Elastic or Paradyne, or
both, may waive any default in the performance of any term of the merger
agreement by the other party or may waive or extend the time for the compliance
or fulfillment by the other party of any and all of its obligations under the
merger agreement. In addition, either Paradyne or Elastic may waive any of the
conditions precedent to its obligations under the merger agreement, unless a
violation of any law or governmental regulation would result. To be effective, a
waiver must be in writing and signed by an authorized officer of Elastic or
Paradyne, as the case may be.

     At any time before the completion of the merger, the boards of directors of
Paradyne and Elastic may agree by mutual written consent to terminate the merger
agreement. In addition, either Paradyne or Elastic may terminate the merger
agreement by written notice of termination to the other party specifying the
reason for termination in the following circumstances:

     - if the merger is not completed by May 15, 2002 (which date will be
       extended to June 30, 2002, if the merger has not been completed as a
       result of the failure of the parties to have received a required consent
       of any regulatory authority, or if a court or governmental or other
       regulatory authority has enacted legislation, issued any order or taken
       or threatened to take any other action which either does or would
       prohibit, restrict or make illegal the completion of the merger), unless
       the merger has not been completed because of the breach of the merger
       agreement by the party seeking termination (we refer to this date as the
       "end date");

     - if a breach by the other party of any representation, warranty, covenant
       or agreement contained in the merger agreement would permit that party to
       refuse to complete the merger pursuant to the conditions discussed in
       "-- Conditions to Completion of the Merger"; provided that if a breach in
       the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements is curable prior
       to the end date by the exercise of reasonable efforts and the breaching
       party exercises reasonable efforts to cure the breach, then the
       non-breaching party may not terminate the merger agreement prior to 30
       days following the receipt by the breaching party of written notice of
       such breach; further provided that the terminating party is not then in
       material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other
       agreement contained in the merger agreement;

     - if any consent of any regulatory authority required to complete the
       merger has been denied by final nonappealable action, or if any action
       taken by such authority is not appealed within the time limit for appeal,
       or any law or order permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
       prohibiting the completion of the merger has become final and
       nonappealable;

     - if the stockholders of Elastic fail to adopt the merger agreement and
       approve the merger or the stockholders of Paradyne fail to approve either
       the issuance of Paradyne common stock in the merger or the adoption of
       the amendment to Paradyne's certificate of incorporation increasing the
       number of authorized shares of Paradyne common stock from 60,000,000 to
       80,000,000 at their respective special meetings; provided that the
       failure to obtain stockholder approval of the terminating party has not
       been caused by the action or failure to act by that party where the
       action or failure to act constitutes a material breach by the party of
       the merger agreement; and

     - if any of the conditions discussed in "-- Conditions to Completion of the
       Merger" cannot be satisfied prior to the end date; provided that the
       terminating party is not then in material breach of any representation,
       warranty, covenant or other agreement contained in the merger agreement.

     In addition, Paradyne may also terminate the merger agreement prior to
closing by written notice of termination to Elastic, if:

     - the board of directors of Elastic fails to reaffirm publicly its approval
       of the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
       promptly after Paradyne's written request for such reaffirmation, or if
       the Elastic board of directors resolve not to reaffirm the merger;

     - the board of directors of Elastic withdraws, qualifies or modifies, or
       proposes publicly to withdraw, qualify or modify, in a manner adverse to
       Paradyne, its recommendation to Elastic's stockholders that they adopt
       the merger agreement and approve the merger or fails to include in this
       joint proxy statement-prospectus its recommendation, without modification
       or qualification, that Elastic stockholders adopt the merger agreement
       and approve the transactions contemplated thereby;

     - the board of directors of Elastic makes a change of recommendation
       adverse to the merger (as discussed in "-- Solicitation Prohibitions")
       or, within ten business days after commencement of any tender or exchange
       offer for any shares of Elastic common stock, the board of directors of
       Elastic fails to recommend against acceptance of the tender or exchange
       offer by its stockholders or takes no position with respect to the
       acceptance of the tender or exchange offer by its stockholders; or

     - any person (other than Paradyne or its affiliates) acquires beneficial
       ownership of 10% or more of the outstanding shares of Elastic common
       stock.

     We refer to a termination by Paradyne as a result of any of the immediately
foregoing as an "Elastic withdrawal termination."

     Paradyne may also terminate the merger agreement by written notice of
termination to Elastic, if Elastic has not, on or prior to January 20, 2002,
caused the Reseller Agreement between Elastic and Goldfield Telecom, LLC, dated
November 16, 2000 and Modification Number 1 thereto, dated October 8, 2001 to be
terminated effective as of the completion of the merger.

     In addition, Elastic may also terminate the merger agreement by written
notice of termination to Paradyne, provided that Elastic is not then in material
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained in
the merger agreement, if the board of directors of Elastic has made a change of
recommendation (as discussed in "-- Solicitation Prohibitions") in order to
approve and permit Elastic to accept a superior offer (as discussed in
"-- Solicitation Prohibitions"); provided that

     - Paradyne does not make, within three business days after receipt of
       Elastic's written notice of a superior offer, an offer that the board of
       directors of Elastic concludes in good faith (after consultation with its
       financial advisor and outside legal counsel) is as favorable, from a
       financial point of view, to the Elastic's stockholders as the superior
       offer; and

     - Elastic shall have paid Paradyne $1.0 million concurrently with delivery
       of notice of termination.

     We refer to a termination by Elastic as a result of the immediately
foregoing as an "Elastic superior offer termination."

     Elastic may also terminate the merger agreement by written notice of
termination to Paradyne, if the average closing price of Paradyne common stock
for purposes of calculating the exchange ratio is less than $2.32. See "-- What
Elastic Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger" for a discussion of how the
average closing price is calculated. Due to the fact that the exchange ratio is
calculated based on a combination of the average closing price and the net
adjusted working capital (which could reduce the exchange ratio established by
the average closing price), Elastic's stockholders could receive shares of
Paradyne common stock having a value of less than $2.32 at the time of the
completion of the merger, but Elastic would not have the right to terminate the
merger agreement.

     If the merger is terminated, the merger agreement will become void and have
no effect, except that certain provisions of the merger agreement, including
those relating to the obligations to share certain expenses and maintain the
confidentiality of certain information obtained, will survive. Termination of
the

merger agreement will not relieve any breaching party from liability for any
willful breach of a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in
the merger agreement.

BOARD RECOMMENDATION

     The boards of directors of Paradyne and Elastic have approved the merger
agreement and agreed to recommend and, subject to the conditions discussed
below, not to withdraw, amend or modify in a manner adverse to the other party,
the recommendation that their respective stockholders vote to adopt the merger
agreement and approve the transactions contemplated thereby, in the case of the
Elastic stockholders, and vote to approve the issuance of Paradyne shares in the
merger and to approve the adoption of the amendment to Paradyne's certificate of
incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of Paradyne common
stock, in the case of the Paradyne stockholders. Neither board, however, is
obligated to take the foregoing actions, if either board in good faith concludes
(after consultation with its outside legal counsel and its financial advisor)
that the taking of the foregoing actions would be reasonably likely to
constitute a breach of fiduciary duties of the members of such board of
directors to the stockholders of Paradyne or Elastic, as applicable.

     However, in response to the receipt of a "superior offer" the board of
directors of Elastic may withhold, withdraw, amend or modify, or propose or
resolve to withdraw, amend or modify, its recommendation in favor of the merger,
and, in the case of a superior offer that is a tender or exchange offer made
directly to its stockholders, may recommend that its stockholders accept the
tender or exchange offer (we refer to any of the foregoing actions, whether by a
board of directors or a committee thereof, as a "change of recommendation").
However, the Elastic board of directors may effect a change in recommendation
only if all of the following conditions are met:

     - a superior offer has been made and has not been withdrawn;

     - Elastic's special meeting has not occurred;

     - Elastic has

      -- provided to Paradyne written notice stating expressly (a) that it has
         received a superior offer, (b) the material terms and conditions of the
         superior offer and the identity of the person or group making the
         superior offer and (c) that it intends to effect a change of
         recommendation and the manner in which it intends to do so,

      -- provided to Paradyne a copy of all written materials delivered to the
         person or group making the superior offer in connection with such
         superior offer,

      -- made available to Paradyne all materials and information made available
         to the person or group making the superior offer in connection with
         such superior offer, and

      -- complied in all material respects with, among other things, the terms
         of the covenant requiring the calling and conducting of a special
         meeting of its stockholders and the recommendation of its board of
         directors and the covenant prohibiting the solicitation of acquisition
         proposals described below in "-- Solicitation Prohibitions;" and

     - Elastic's board of directors has concluded in good faith, after receipt
       of advice of its outside legal counsel, that, in light of the superior
       proposal, the failure of the Elastic board to effect a change of
       recommendation is reasonably likely to result in a breach of its
       fiduciary obligations to Elastic stockholders under applicable law.

     A "superior offer" is defined in the merger agreement to mean:

     - an unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third party to acquire,
       directly or indirectly, pursuant to a tender offer, exchange offer,
       merger, consolidation or other business combination, all or substantially
       all of the assets of Elastic or substantially all of the total
       outstanding voting securities of Elastic; and

     - an offer on terms that the board of directors of Elastic has in good
       faith concluded (after consultation with its outside legal counsel and
       its financial advisor), taking into account, among other things, all
       legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the offer and the
       person making the offer, to be more favorable, from a financial point of
       view, to Elastic's stockholders (in their capacities as stockholders)
       than the terms of the merger and is reasonably capable of being
       completed.

     Unless the merger agreement has been terminated in accordance with its
terms as discussed under "-- Waiver, Amendment and Termination," the obligation
of Elastic to call, give notice of, convene and hold its stockholders' meeting
is not affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission to
Elastic of any acquisition proposal with respect to it, or by any change of
recommendation. Elastic has agreed not to submit or propose to submit to the
vote of its stockholders any acquisition proposal.

SOLICITATION PROHIBITIONS

     The merger agreement restricts Elastic's ability to solicit other
acquisition proposals. Elastic has agreed that it will immediately cease any and
all existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any third parties
conducted prior to the date of the merger agreement with respect to any
"acquisition proposal." An acquisition proposal is any offer or proposal
relating to any transaction or series of related transactions involving:

     - any purchase from Elastic, or acquisition by any person or group, of more
       than a 10% interest in the total outstanding voting securities of
       Elastic;

     - any tender offer or exchange offer that if completed would result in any
       person or group beneficially owning 10% or more of the total outstanding
       voting securities of Elastic;

     - any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction
       involving Elastic;

     - any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of business),
       exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of
       business), acquisition or disposition of more than 10% of the assets of
       Elastic; or

     - any liquidation or dissolution of Elastic.

     Until the completion of the merger, Elastic has agreed not to terminate,
amend, modify or waive any provision of any confidentiality or standstill
agreement to which it is a party. During this period, Elastic must enforce, to
the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, the provisions of any such
agreement, including by obtaining injunctions to prevent any breaches of any
such agreements.

     The merger agreement also provides that neither Elastic nor any of its
officers and directors will, and that Elastic will use all reasonable efforts to
cause its employees, affiliates and representatives not to, solicit any
competing acquisition proposal. If Elastic receives an acquisition proposal it
must promptly notify Paradyne of the terms of such proposal. Elastic may provide
third parties with confidential information, have discussions and negotiations
with, or otherwise facilitate an effort or attempt by a third party to make or
implement an acquisition proposal not solicited in violation of the merger
agreement if:

     - Elastic's board of directors determines in good faith (following the
       receipt of advice from its outside legal counsel) that the failure to do
       is reasonably likely to result in a breach of its fiduciary obligations
       under applicable law;

     - prior to providing any information, its board of directors notifies
       Paradyne of its intent to provide such information and Elastic receives
       from such third party an executed confidentiality agreement with
       provisions at least as stringent as those contained in the
       confidentiality agreement between Paradyne and Elastic;

     - contemporaneously with providing such information to the third party,
       Elastic provides such information to Paradyne; and

     - Elastic notifies Paradyne of its intent to engage in negotiations with
       the third party.

EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON ELASTIC OPTIONS

     Elastic has caused the administrator of each of the Elastic Stock Option
Plan and the Elastic 1999 Stock Incentive Plan to provide to each holder of an
option granted under the option plans the notice contemplated by the provisions
of such plans to the effect that (1) as of the date of such notice, any
outstanding options that are not vested, whether or not exercisable, will become
immediately vested and exercisable, and (2) immediately prior to the completion
of the merger, each outstanding option granted under the option plans that has
not been exercised by such holder will terminate and the stock option agreements
pursuant to which such options were granted will cease to be of any force or
effect. Prior to the completion of the merger, Elastic has agreed to take any
and all actions necessary to effect the cancellation, as of the completion of
the merger, of each outstanding option that has not been exercised within the
respective time periods provided in the option plans.

     Within the seven-day period provided in the merger agreement, Elastic has
caused the administrator to provide notice to its optionholders indicating (1)
as of the date of such notice, any outstanding options that are not vested,
whether or not exercisable, will become immediately vested and exercisable and
(2) that if the optionholders do not exercise the options by February 15, 2002
all of the options will terminate and be of no further force and effect.

     For information with respect to stock options held by Elastic's directors
and executive officers, see "-- Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger."

TREATMENT OF TELECHOICE WARRANT

     As of the completion of the merger, the warrant granted to TeleChoice, Inc.
by Elastic to purchase 12,439 shares of Elastic common stock at a per share
exercise price of $2.76 will be converted into a warrant to purchase shares of
Paradyne common stock. The number of shares of Paradyne common stock subject to
the warrant will be determined by multiplying 12,439 by the exchange ratio, and
the exercise price per share will be determined by dividing $2.76 by the
exchange ratio.

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

     Paradyne and Elastic have not and do not intend to seek a ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service as to the federal income tax consequences of the
merger. The opinions of Alston & Bird LLP, counsel to Paradyne, and Hunton &
Williams, counsel to Elastic, as to certain of the expected federal income tax
consequences of the merger are set forth as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this joint proxy statement-prospectus is a part and support
the following discussion of the anticipated federal income tax consequences of
the merger to stockholders of Elastic. The opinions are based in part upon
certain factual assumptions and upon certain factual representations made by
Paradyne and Elastic, which representations Alston & Bird and Hunton & Williams
have relied upon and assumed to be true, correct and complete. If such
representations are inaccurate, the opinions could be adversely affected.
Opinions of tax counsel are not binding on the Internal Revenue Service or the
courts, either of which could take a contrary position. This discussion is based
on current law. Future legislative, judicial or administrative interpretations,
which may be retroactive, could alter or modify the statements set forth in this
discussion. This discussion does not address, among other matters:

     (1) State, local or foreign tax consequences of the merger;

     (2) The tax consequences to Elastic stockholders who hold their Elastic
         common stock other than as a capital asset, who hold their stock in a
         hedging transaction or as part of a straddle or conversion transaction
         or who are subject to special rules under the Internal Revenue Code,
         such

         as foreign persons, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies,
         financial institutions and dealers in stocks and securities;

     (3) The tax consequences to Elastic stockholders who received their shares
         upon the exercise of stock options, stock purchase plan rights or
         otherwise as compensation;

     (4) The tax consequences to holders of options to acquire shares of Elastic
         common stock; and

     (5) The tax consequences to Paradyne and Elastic of any income and deferred
         gain recognized pursuant to Treasury Regulations issued under Section
         1502 of the Internal Revenue Code.

     Assuming that the merger is completed in accordance with the merger
agreement, it is anticipated that the following federal income tax consequences
will occur:

     (1) The merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of
         Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code and each of Paradyne,
         Elastic and Phoenix Merger Sub will be a party to the reorganization
         within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Internal Revenue Code;

     (2) No gain or loss will be recognized by Paradyne, Phoenix Merger Sub or
         Elastic as a result of the merger;

     (3) No gain or loss will be recognized by the Elastic stockholders upon
         their exchange of shares of Elastic common stock for Paradyne common
         stock pursuant to the merger;

     (4) The tax basis of Paradyne common stock received by the Elastic
         stockholders pursuant to the merger will be the same as the tax basis
         of the Elastic common stock surrendered in exchange therefor (less any
         tax basis allocable to a fractional share interest for which cash is
         received);

     (5) The holding period of the Paradyne common stock received by an Elastic
         stockholder in the merger will include the holding period of the
         Elastic common stock surrendered in exchange therefor, provided that
         such Elastic shares were held as a capital asset by the exchanging
         Elastic stockholder on the date of the exchange; and

     (6) A stockholder of Elastic who receives cash in lieu of fractional share
         interests of Paradyne common stock will recognize gain or loss as if
         the fractional shares were distributed as part of the exchange and then
         were redeemed by Paradyne. Such redemption will be subject to the
         conditions and limitations of Section 302 of the Internal Revenue Code.

     The obligation of Paradyne and Elastic to complete the merger is
conditioned on, among other things, receipt by Paradyne of an opinion of Alston
& Bird LLP and Elastic of an opinion of Hunton & Williams, with respect to
certain of the federal income tax consequences of the merger. The conditions
relating to the receipt of the tax opinion may be waived by both Paradyne and
Elastic. Neither Paradyne nor Elastic currently intends to waive the conditions
relating to the receipt of the tax opinions.

     Tax consequences of the merger may vary depending upon the particular
circumstances of each Elastic stockholder. Accordingly, you are urged to consult
with your own tax advisors as to the specific tax consequences to you because of
the merger, including the applicability and effect of state, local and foreign
tax laws.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     Paradyne will account for the merger under the purchase method of
accounting for business combinations. See "Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Financial Information."

NASDAQ NATIONAL MARKET LISTING

     Paradyne will cause the shares of Paradyne common stock to be issued in the
merger to be authorized for listing on the Nasdaq National Market upon official
notice of issuance.

EXPENSES

     Except as discussed under "-- Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement
Payment," each of Paradyne and Elastic will pay all expenses incurred by it or
on its behalf in connection with the merger. Paradyne and Elastic have agreed,
however, to share equally the expenses incurred in relation to the printing and
filing of the registration statement and this joint proxy statement-prospectus
and the filing fee for the filing under the HSR Act.

TERMINATION FEE AND EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT PAYMENT

     Elastic has agreed to pay Paradyne a termination fee of $1.0 million in the
event that the merger agreement is validly terminated under any of the following
circumstances:

     - either Paradyne or Elastic terminates the merger agreement because the
       merger has not been completed by May 15, 2002 (which will be extended
       until June 30, 2002 if regulatory approval has not yet been received or a
       court or governmental authority has issued an order delaying completion
       of the merger), prior to the termination of the merger agreement there
       has been publicly announced an acquisition proposal (other than the
       merger) and, within twelve months of the termination, Elastic either (a)
       completes a transaction involving an acquisition proposal relating to 50%
       of its voting securities or assets or (b) enters into an agreement with
       respect to such a transaction, whether or not the transaction is
       subsequently completed;

     - either Paradyne or Elastic terminates the merger agreement because
       Elastic's stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement and approve the
       merger, prior to the termination of the merger agreement there has been
       publicly announced an acquisition proposal (other than the merger) and,
       within twelve months of the termination, Elastic either (a) completes a
       transaction involving an acquisition proposal relating to 50% of its
       voting securities or assets or (b) enters into an agreement with respect
       to such a transaction, whether or not the transaction is subsequently
       completed;

     - either Paradyne or Elastic terminates the merger agreement because the
       conditions to such party's obligation to complete the merger cannot be
       satisfied or fulfilled by May 15, 2002 (which will be extended until June
       30, 2002 if regulatory approval has not yet been received or a court or
       governmental authority has issued an order delaying completion of the
       merger), prior to the termination of the merger agreement there has been
       publicly announced an acquisition proposal (other than the merger) and,
       within twelve months of the termination, Elastic either (a) completes a
       transaction involving an acquisition proposal relating to 50% of its
       voting securities or assets or (b) enters into an agreement with respect
       to such a transaction, whether or not the transaction is subsequently
       completed;

     - Paradyne terminates the merger agreement because Elastic has failed to
       perform and comply in all material respects with any of its obligations,
       agreements or covenants required by the merger agreement, prior to the
       termination of the merger agreement there has been publicly announced an
       acquisition proposal (other than the merger) and, within twelve months of
       the termination, Elastic either (a) completes a transaction involving an
       acquisition proposal relating to 50% of its voting securities or assets
       or (b) enters into an agreement with respect to such a transaction,
       whether or not the transaction is subsequently completed;

     - Paradyne terminates the merger agreement because Elastic has not, on or
       prior to January 20, 2002, caused a reseller agreement between Elastic
       and Goldfield Telecom, LLC to be terminated effective as of the
       completion of the merger, prior to the termination of the merger
       agreement there has been publicly announced an acquisition proposal
       (other than the merger) and, within twelve months of the termination,
       Elastic either (a) completes a transaction involving an acquisition
       proposal relating to 50% of its voting securities or assets or (b) enters
       into an agreement with respect to such a transaction, whether or not the
       transaction is subsequently completed;

     - Paradyne terminates the merger agreement pursuant to an Elastic
       withdrawal termination discussed above under "-- Waiver, Amendment and
       Termination;" or

     - Elastic terminates the merger agreement pursuant to an Elastic superior
       offer termination discussed above under "-- Waiver, Amendment and
       Termination."

     If the termination fee is payable as a result of one of the first five
reasons above, the termination fee must be paid at or prior to the earlier of
the date of completion of the acquisition transaction or the date of execution
of an agreement with respect to the acquisition transaction. If the termination
fee is payable as a result of the sixth reason above, the termination fee must
be paid no later than the earlier of the date of execution of an agreement with
respect to the acquisition transaction and two business days from the date of
termination of the merger agreement. If the termination fee is payable as a
result of the final reason above, the termination fee must be paid concurrently
with the delivery of the notice of termination of the merger agreement.

     Elastic has also agreed to pay Paradyne's costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the merger, including Paradyne's attorneys' fees, fees incurred
in relation to the printing and filing of the registration statement and this
joint proxy statement-prospectus and the HSR Act filing fee, in an amount up to
$300,000 if Paradyne terminates the merger agreement because Elastic has not, on
or prior to January 20, 2002, caused the reseller agreement with Goldfield
Telecom, LLC to be terminated effective as of the completion of the merger.
Elastic must pay Paradyne's costs and expenses no later than two business days
from the date of termination of the merger agreement. In the event that an
expense reimbursement payment is made and, subsequently, Elastic is required to
pay Paradyne a termination fee, the termination fee will be reduced by the
amount of the costs and expense reimbursements actually paid.

     The parties have agreed that the payment of the fees and expenses discussed
above are not to be deemed liquidated damages for the willful breach by Elastic
of the terms of the merger agreement and do not otherwise limit the rights of
Paradyne.

MODIFICATIONS TO ELASTIC INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENTS AND OTHER AGREEMENTS
WITH NORTEL NETWORKS

     Elastic and Nortel Networks have modified certain intellectual property and
other agreements between themselves in connection with the proposed merger
between Elastic and Paradyne. For additional information, please see
"Information about Elastic."

     Under the contribution agreement between Nortel Networks Corporation (now
known as Nortel Networks Ltd.) and Nortel Networks Inc. and Elastic, both Nortel
Networks Corporation and Nortel Networks Inc. agreed not to compete in certain
ways with Elastic until May 12, 2002. In connection with the merger, Nortel
Networks Corporation and Nortel Networks Inc. have agreed not to compete with
Elastic until May 12, 2003. See "Information about Elastic -- Competition" for
more information on the contribution agreement.

     Under the intellectual property transfer and license agreement and patent
transfer and license agreement between Nortel Networks Corporation and Nortel
Networks Inc., respectively, and Elastic, under which Elastic obtains rights to
use certain software, patents, patent applications, trademarks and technical
information, Nortel Networks Corporation and Nortel Networks Inc., as
applicable, have agreed to terminate certain licenses granted by each of them by
Elastic. In addition, under the intellectual property transfer and license
agreement, Nortel Networks Corporation has agreed to expand the scope of the
license granted to Elastic to permit the licensed technologies, software and
technical information to be included in xDSL products. See "Information about
Elastic -- Intellectual Property" for more information about the intellectual
property transfer and license agreement and the patent transfer and license
agreement.

     Elastic and Nortel Networks Inc. are also parties to a distribution
agreement under which Elastic pays Nortel Networks Inc. a commission for the
referral of certain customers to Elastic. In connection with the merger, Nortel
Networks Inc. has agreed to terminate all of Elastic's remaining obligations to
pay commissions to Nortel Networks Inc. for referred customers. See "Information
about Elastic -- Customers" for more information about the distribution
agreement.

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN THE MERGER

     In considering the recommendation of the Elastic board to vote for approval
of the merger and the recommendation of the Paradyne board to vote in favor of
the issuance of Paradyne common stock in the merger and the proposed amendment
to Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation, you should be
aware that members of Elastic's executive management and its directors have
interests in the merger that are different from, and in addition to, the
interests of other Elastic stockholders.

     As a result of the merger some of the officers and directors and other
employees will receive certain benefits that are different from or in addition
to the interests of the Elastic stockholders. In particular, the officers and
directors and other employees have received accelerated vesting of their
outstanding and unexercisable stock options and may receive payments under
employment and change in control agreements (upon the occurrence of certain
events after the merger). In addition, Elastic directors and officers have the
right to continued indemnification and insurance coverage after the merger.

     The following chart shows the stock options held by the current officers
and directors of Elastic, the vesting of which was accelerated as a result of
the proposed merger:

                                                                              NUMBER OF
                                                                               ELASTIC
                                                              PER SHARE   SHARES UNDERLYING
                                                              EXERCISE       OUTSTANDING
OPTION HOLDER                                                   PRICE          OPTIONS
- -------------                                                 ---------   -----------------

Steven J. Benson...........................................     $9.30            30,000
                                                                $2.49            15,000
                                                                $0.18            15,000*

Charles G. Betty...........................................     $9.30            30,000
                                                                $2.49            15,000
                                                                $0.18            15,000*

Darrell E. Borne...........................................     $9.30             8,500
                                                                $3.68               700
                                                                $2.69             7,500
                                                                $2.20            15,000
                                                                $1.67            25,000
                                                                $0.90            20,000
                                                                $0.18            40,000

Kevin D. Elop..............................................     $2.07            82,316
                                                                $4.53             4,355
                                                                $2.69            26,150
                                                                $1.67            20,106
                                                                $0.18            15,000

Guy D. Gill................................................     $2.07         1,319,192
                                                                $4.53            20,000
                                                                $2.69            65,000
                                                                $1.67            50,000
                                                                $0.18           400,000

Phillip L. Griffith........................................     $2.07           258,879
                                                                $4.53            15,000
                                                                $2.69            40,000
                                                                $1.67            25,000

                                                                              NUMBER OF
                                                                               ELASTIC
                                                              PER SHARE   SHARES UNDERLYING
                                                              EXERCISE       OUTSTANDING
OPTION HOLDER                                                   PRICE          OPTIONS
- -------------                                                 ---------   -----------------

                                                                $1.25            95,000
                                                                $0.18           125,000

Larry R. Hurtado...........................................     $2.07           400,530
                                                                $4.53            12,000
                                                                $2.67            20,000
                                                                $1.67            25,000
                                                                $1.25            80,000
                                                                $0.18           125,000

Thomas M. Manley...........................................     $0.18            15,000

Gerald A. Poch.............................................     $0.18            15,000

Jerome L. Rhattigan........................................     $2.07            30,000
                                                                $9.30            30,000
                                                                $2.69             5,000
                                                                $2.49            15,000
                                                                $0.18            15,000

Matthew D. Toth............................................     $9.30            20,000
                                                                $2.69            15,000
                                                                $2.63            50,000
                                                                $1.67            25,000
                                                                $0.18            40,000

- ---------------
* Represents vested options that have been exercised since the date of the
merger agreement.

     Under the contribution agreement among Nortel Networks Corporation, Nortel
Networks Inc. and Elastic, Elastic issued Nortel Networks Inc. 15,384,614 shares
of its common stock and assumed all of Nortel Networks' obligations related to
the Elastic group, including those described below. Nortel Networks sold
1,000,000 of those shares upon the completion of Elastic's initial public
offering on October 4, 2000. Because Elastic was a division of Nortel Networks
and all of its officers were employees of Nortel Networks prior to the execution
of the contribution agreement, the value of the shares issued to Nortel Networks
in exchange for the assets of the Elastic Networks group was not arrived at by
an arm's-length negotiation between Nortel Networks and Elastic. Rather, as part
of the transfer of assets, Nortel Networks determined that the value of shares
to be paid for its Elastic business would be the net book value of the assets
being transferred, which Elastic believes was the fair market value of the
Elastic business at the time of transfer. In connection with the merger, the
parties have agreed to amend the contribution agreement to extend the period
during which Nortel Networks Corporation and Nortel Networks Inc. have agreed
not to compete with Elastic until May 12, 2003, an extension of one year. See
"Information about Elastic -- Competition" for more information about the
contribution agreement and the amendment.

     Under the intellectual property transfer and license agreement between
Nortel Networks Corporation and Elastic, Nortel Networks Corporation transferred
to Elastic the rights to software, technical information and trademarks that
Elastic uses in its business and licensed to Elastic the rights to patents,
patent applications and other trademarks, software and technical information
that Elastic uses in its business. In connection with the merger, the parties
have agreed to amend the intellectual property transfer and license agreement to
terminate certain licenses granted by Elastic to Nortel Networks Corporation and
to expand the scope of the license granted to Elastic to permit the licensed
technologies,

software and technical information to be included in xDSL products. See
"Information about Elastic -- Intellectual Property" for more information about
the intellectual property transfer and license agreement.

     Under the patent transfer and license agreement between Nortel Networks
Inc. and Elastic, Nortel Networks Inc. transferred to Elastic all of its rights
to the patents and patent applications covering an information network apparatus
and method of communicating information packets via telephone lines. In
connection with the merger, the parties have agreed to amend the patent transfer
and license agreement to terminate certain licenses granted by Elastic to Nortel
Networks Inc. See "Information about Elastic -- Intellectual Property" for more
information about the patent transfer and license agreement and the amendment.

     Elastic entered into a distribution agreement with Nortel Networks for
Nortel Networks to purchase EtherLoop products from Elastic for distribution to
customers which has been amended numerous times. In connection with the merger,
the parties have agreed to amend the distribution agreement to terminate all of
Elastic's remaining obligations to pay commissions to Nortel Networks for
referred customers. See "Information about Elastic -- Customers" for more
information about the distribution agreement.

     The property Elastic occupies at 6120 Windward Parkway, Alpharetta,
Georgia, is subleased from Nortel Networks on the same terms as the original
lease to Nortel Networks. As a sub-lessor, Nortel Networks is responsible for
payments on the lease if Elastic does not pay. Elastic paid $284,862 under this
lease in 2001 and expects to pay a minimum of $296,000 annually until this lease
expires. Also, Nortel Networks guaranteed Elastic's lease of office equipment
and fixtures currently used in another office located in Alpharetta, Georgia.
Nortel Networks' guaranty was for $158,000 of the total lease amount and Nortel
Networks has not been called upon to make a payment under the guaranty.

     In 1999, 2000 and 2001, Elastic utilized the executive recruitment services
of HireUp, Inc. Mr. Rhattigan, a member of Elastic's board of directors, is a
principal of that firm. In consideration for its services, Elastic paid HireUp
$10,942 in 1999, $74,460 in 2000 and paid Mr. Rhattigan $10,000 in 2001. In
addition, in exchange for services provided to Elastic in 1999 and 2001, Elastic
granted Mr. Rhattigan options to purchase 30,000 shares of Elastic's common
stock at an exercise price of $2.07 per share and options to purchase 5,000
shares of Elastic's common stock at an exercise price of $2.69 per share,
respectively. In addition, on March 13, 2000, Elastic and Mr. Rhattigan entered
into a sales consultant agreement in which Mr. Rhattigan receives commissions
and other incentives for sales referred to Elastic by him. Mr. Rhattigan and
Elastic have agreed to terminate this sales incentive agreement upon the
completion of the merger.

     In the fourth quarter of 1999, Elastic purchased 300,000 shares of series A
preferred stock of Everest Broadband Networks, Inc. for an aggregate price of
$102,000. The Pequot entities, combined, own more than 10% of the voting power
of Everest and more than 5% of Elastic's common stock. At the time of the
investment, Pequot's board of directors' designees, Mr. Poch and one other
non-employee director who resigned from the board of directors in June 2000 to
become chief executive officer of Everest, were involved in the decision to
invest in Everest.

     Nortel Networks Inc., Nortel Networks Limited, Pequot Private Equity Fund
II, L.P. and the former holders of Elastic's series A and series B preferred
stock, which were automatically converted into common stock upon the closing of
Elastic's initial public offering, had both incidental, or piggyback, and demand
registration rights to cause Elastic to register their shares of common stock in
a public offering after this offering closes. In connection with this merger,
these registration rights will terminate at the completion of the merger.
However, Paradyne has agreed to grant Nortel Networks Inc. certain registration
rights with respect to their shares of Paradyne's common stock following the
merger in certain circumstances.

     In connection with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement, nine
of Elastic's directors and executive officers and Nortel Networks Inc. entered
into voting agreement with Paradyne under which, among other things, these
stockholders agreed to vote all of their shares of Elastic common stock in favor
of the adoption of the merger agreement. See "-- Voting Agreements."

     Nortel Networks Inc. and Pequot Private Equity Fund II, L.P. have agreed to
cancel, as of the completion of the merger, each of its warrants to purchase
51,230 shares of capital stock of Elastic.

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS AND CONTRACTS

     The merger agreement requires Paradyne, for a period of 12 months following
the time the merger is completed, (1) to allow Elastic officers and employees to
continue in the Elastic benefit plans, (2) to provide Elastic officers and
employees with employee benefits under employee benefit and welfare plans (other
than benefits under stock option plans or other plan involving the potential
issuance of Paradyne common stock) which when taken as a whole are substantially
similar to those provided by Paradyne to its similarly situated officers and
employees or (3) to provide for a combination of both.

     If Paradyne chooses to provide benefits under its own benefit plans, then,
for purposes of eligibility and vesting, credit under such plans will be given
for past service with Elastic. See "-- Interests of Certain Person in the
Merger." Additionally, Paradyne has agreed to waive any waiting periods and
restrictions on pre-existing conditions for Elastic employees to be covered by
Paradyne welfare benefit plans. Paradyne has also agreed to cause any deductible
made by such Elastic employees under Elastic welfare benefit plans to be
credited to such employees under the Paradyne welfare benefit plans to the
extent allowed by such plans.

     Paradyne has agreed to cause Elastic to honor the Elastic compensation
continuation plan and the employment agreements of Guy D. Gill, Kathryn Yoest,
Phil Griffith and Larry Hurtado. Additionally, Elastic has agreed to assist
Paradyne in securing employment agreements or other arrangements with Elastic
employees specified by Paradyne under which the Elastic employees would remain
employed after the completion of the merger for a period ranging from one to six
months.

RESALES OF PARADYNE COMMON STOCK

     The shares of Paradyne common stock to be issued in the merger will be
registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and will be freely transferable
under the Securities Act, except for shares of Paradyne stock issued to any
person who is deemed to be an "affiliate" of either Paradyne or Elastic at the
time of the special meetings. Persons who may be deemed to be affiliates include
individuals or entities that control, are controlled by, or are under the common
control of either Paradyne or Elastic and may include our respective executive
officers and directors, as well as our significant stockholders. Affiliates may
not sell their shares of Paradyne common stock acquired in connection with the
merger except pursuant to:

     - an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
       resale of those shares;

     - an exemption under paragraph (d) of Rule 145 under the Securities Act; or

     - any other applicable exemption under the Securities Act.

     Paradyne's registration statement on Form S-4, of which this joint proxy
statement-prospectus forms a part, does not cover the resale of shares of
Paradyne common stock to be received by affiliates of Elastic in the merger.

VOTING AGREEMENTS

     In connection with the execution and delivery of the merger agreement, nine
of Elastic's directors and executive officers and Nortel Networks, Elastic's
largest stockholder, entered into voting agreements with Paradyne under which
these stockholders have agreed to vote all of their shares of Elastic common
stock in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and against the approval
of any transaction made in opposition to or in competition with the merger.
These Elastic stockholder have also agreed not to exercise any rights of
appraisal that they may have with respect to the merger. See "The Special
Meetings -- Appraisal Rights" for a discussion regarding when appraisal rights
apply. As of the Elastic record date, these stockholders owned shares of Elastic
common stock representing approximately      % of the total voting power of the
then-outstanding shares of Elastic common stock.

     The voting agreements executed by the Elastic stockholders prohibit,
subject to limited exceptions, any stockholder from transferring or making an
arrangement to transfer any shares, except to a person who agrees to be bound by
the terms of the voting agreement. Each voting agreement executed by the Elastic
stockholders also provides that any shares of Elastic stock that are
subsequently acquired will also be subject to the voting agreement. As of the
Elastic record date, the Elastic directors and executive officers party to the
voting agreements hold currently exercisable options to purchase an additional
       shares or      %, based on the number of shares of Elastic common stock
then outstanding. Nortel Networks also holds a currently exercisable warrant to
purchase 51,230 shares of Elastic common stock. Pursuant to the voting agreement
with Paradyne, Nortel Networks has agreed to terminate the warrant when the
merger is completed.

     Paradyne has also agreed under the voting agreement with Nortel Networks
that if, within one year of the time the merger is completed, Paradyne grants
any other Paradyne stockholder registration rights with respect to shares of
Paradyne common stock, Paradyne will grant similar rights to Nortel Networks
with respect to the same percentage of the shares held by Nortel Networks as the
percentage of shares subject to such registration rights held by the other
stockholder.

     Sean E. Belanger, Paradyne's president and chief executive officer, Patrick
M. Murphy, Paradyne's senior vice president and chief financial officer, Thomas
E. Epley, Paradyne's chairman of the board, and the Thomas E. Epley Trust, of
which Mr. Epley is trustee, have each entered into voting agreements with
Elastic pursuant to which they have agreed to vote all of their shares of
Paradyne common stock in favor of the issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger
and in favor of the adoption of the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. As of the Paradyne record date, these stockholders
owned shares of Paradyne common stock representing approximately      % of the
total voting power of the shares of Paradyne common stock then outstanding.

     Additionally, entities associated with Texas Pacific Group, which
collectively constitute Paradyne's largest stockholder, have entered into voting
agreements with Elastic. Under these voting agreements, they have agreed to vote
all of their shares of Paradyne common stock in favor of the issuance of
Paradyne shares in the merger and in favor of the adoption of the amendment of
Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation. They have also
agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer or make any arrangements
to transfer any shares, except to a person who agrees to be bound by the terms
of the voting agreement. Each voting agreement executed by the these Paradyne
stockholders also provides that any shares of Paradyne stock that are
subsequently acquired will also be subject to the voting agreement. As of the
Paradyne record date, these entities owned shares of Paradyne common stock
representing approximately      % of the total voting power of the then
outstanding shares of Paradyne common stock.

     All of the voting agreements, other than the Paradyne voting agreements
entered into by the entities associated with the Texas Pacific Group, terminate
upon the earlier to occur of the completion of the merger or the termination of
the merger agreement in accordance with its terms. The voting agreements entered
into by the Texas Pacific Group entities terminate upon the earlier to occur of
the completion of the Paradyne special meeting, as it may be adjourned or
postponed, or the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its
terms.

     The Elastic voting agreements and the Paradyne voting agreements are
included as Annexes B, C, E, F and G to this joint proxy statement-prospectus
and are incorporated by reference.

MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS AFTER THE MERGER

     The merger will not change the present management team or board of
directors of Paradyne. Information concerning the management of Paradyne is
included in the documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus. Elastic will be the surviving corporation resulting from
the merger and will continue to be a wholly owned subsidiary of Paradyne
governed by the laws of Delaware and operate in accordance with its certificate
of incorporation and the bylaws of Phoenix Merger Sub. See "Where You Can Find
More Information." For additional information regarding the interests of certain
persons in the merger, see "-- Interests of Certain Persons in the Merger."

           EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE RIGHTS OF ELASTIC STOCKHOLDERS

     Paradyne and Elastic are both organized under the laws of the State of
Delaware. Any differences, therefore, in the rights of holders of Paradyne
capital stock and Elastic capital stock arise primarily from differences in
their respective certificates of incorporation and bylaws. Upon completion of
the merger, holders of Elastic common stock will become holders of Paradyne
common stock and their rights will be governed by Delaware law, the Paradyne
certificate of incorporation and the Paradyne bylaws.

     This section of the joint proxy statement-prospectus describes the material
differences between the rights of Paradyne stockholders and Elastic
stockholders. This section does not include a complete description of all
differences among the rights of these stockholders, nor does it include a
complete description of the specific rights of these stockholders.

     All Paradyne stockholders and Elastic stockholders are urged to read
carefully the relevant provisions of Delaware law, as well as the certificates
of incorporation and bylaws of each of Paradyne and Elastic. Copies of the
certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Paradyne and Elastic will be sent to
Paradyne stockholders and Elastic stockholders, as applicable, upon request. See
"Where You Can Find More Information."

CAPITALIZATION

     Paradyne.  The authorized capital stock of Paradyne currently consists of:

     - 60,000,000 shares of Paradyne common stock; and

     - 5,000,000 shares of Paradyne preferred stock.

     On the Paradyne record date, Paradyne had      shares of common stock and
no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Assuming an exchange ratio of      and
based on the number of shares of Elastic common stock outstanding on the Elastic
record date, Paradyne will issue      shares of Paradyne common stock when the
merger is completed. The issuance of Paradyne shares in the merger to Elastic
stockholders will dilute the percentage ownership of Paradyne's existing
stockholders. Paradyne has also proposed to amend its certificate of
incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock that Paradyne is
authorized to issue from 60,000,000 shares to 80,000,000 shares. See "Amendment
of Paradyne's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation."

     Elastic.  The authorized capital stock of Elastic currently consists of:

     - 100,000,000 shares of Elastic common stock; and

     - 25,000,000 shares of Elastic preferred stock.

     On the Elastic record date, Elastic had      shares of common stock and no
shares of preferred stock outstanding.

VOTING RIGHTS

     Paradyne.  Each holder of Paradyne common stock has the right to cast one
vote for each share of Paradyne common stock held of record on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders of Paradyne, including the election of
directors. Holders of Paradyne common stock do not have cumulative voting
rights.

     Elastic.  Each holder of Elastic common stock has the right to cast one
vote for each share of Elastic common stock held of record on matters submitted
to a vote of stockholders of Elastic, including the election of directors.
Holders of Elastic common stock do not have cumulative voting rights.

NUMBER AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

     Paradyne.  The board of directors of Paradyne currently has seven members.
The Paradyne certificate of incorporation provides that the number of directors
of Paradyne will be fixed exclusively by one or more resolutions adopted by the
board of directors.

     The Paradyne board of directors is divided into three classes with one
class being elected each year. Members of the Paradyne board of directors are
elected to serve a term of three years, and until their successors are elected
and qualified or until their death, resignation or removal.

     The Paradyne bylaws provide for directors to be elected by a plurality of
the votes cast by Paradyne stockholders entitled to vote in the election of
directors at a meeting at which a quorum is present except as described below.

     Elastic.  The Elastic certificate of incorporation provides that the number
of directors of Elastic will not be less than 2 and not more than 17, with the
exact number of directors to be fixed from time to time by resolution approved
by a majority of the directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least a majority of all outstanding shares entitled to vote in the election of
directors, voting together as a single class. The board of directors of Elastic
currently has seven members.

     The Elastic board of directors is divided into three classes, as nearly
equal in number as possible, with one class being elected each year. Members of
the Elastic board of directors are elected to serve a term of three years, and
until their successors are elected and qualified or until their resignation,
removal, death or incapacity.

     The Elastic certificate of incorporation provides for directors to be
elected by a plurality of the votes cast by Elastic stockholders entitled to
vote in the election of directors at a meeting at which a quorum is present
except as described below.

REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS AND VACANCIES ON THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     General.  Delaware law provides that, except in the case of a classified
board of directors or where cumulative voting applies, a director, or the entire
board of directors, of a corporation may be removed, with or without cause, by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of the corporation entitled to
vote at an election of directors.

     Delaware law also provides that if, at the time of the filling of any
vacancy or newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute
less than a majority of the authorized number of directors, the Delaware Court
of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at
least 10% of the outstanding stock of the corporation having the right to vote
for such directors, order an election to be held to fill the vacancy or replace
the directors selected by the directors then in office.

     Paradyne.  Paradyne's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that
neither the board of directors nor any individual director may be removed
without cause. Any individual director or directors may be removed with cause by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to
vote in the election of directors.

     Vacancies on the board of directors of Paradyne, including vacancies
resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors or from the
death, resignation or removal of a director, may be filled only by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less
than a quorum, unless the directors determine by resolution that any such
vacancies shall be filled by the stockholders. Pursuant to the Paradyne
certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, directors elected to fill any
vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of directors of their class
and until their successors are elected and qualified.

     Elastic.  Elastic's certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that
Elastic stockholders may remove any director or the entire board of directors
only for cause by the affirmative vote of a majority of all outstanding shares
of Elastic common stock entitled to vote at an election of directors.

     Any vacancy on Elastic's board of directors that results from an increase
in the number of directors or from the prior death, resignation,
disqualification, retirement or removal from office of a director shall be
filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors, though
less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director, or the stockholders if
the board of directors has not filled the vacancy. Directors elected to fill
vacancies shall have the same remaining term as that of his or her predecessor.

AMENDMENTS TO THE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

     General.  Under Delaware law, adoption of an amendment to the certificate
of incorporation of a corporation requires the approval of the corporation's
board of directors and the approval of holders of a majority of the outstanding
stock entitled to vote upon the proposed amendment, unless a higher vote is
required by the corporation's certificate of incorporation.

     Paradyne.  Notwithstanding any provision of Delaware law which might
otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, Paradyne's certificate of
incorporation requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3%
of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of the voting stock of
Paradyne, voting together as a single class, in order to alter, amend or repeal
any provision of the certificate of incorporation.

     Elastic.  Elastic's certificate of incorporation does not impose a higher
vote requirement than the requirement imposed by Delaware law to amend any
provision of the certificate.

AMENDMENTS TO THE BYLAWS

     General.  Under Delaware law, stockholders entitled to vote have the power
to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws. In addition, a corporation may, in its
certificate of incorporation, confer this power on the board of directors. The
stockholders always have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws, even
though the board may also be delegated the power.

     Paradyne.  Paradyne's certificate of incorporation authorizes the Paradyne
board of directors to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of Paradyne's bylaws.
Paradyne's certificate of incorporation and bylaws further provide that any
provision of Paradyne's bylaws may be altered or amended or new bylaws adopted
by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the
then-outstanding shares of the voting stock of Paradyne entitled to vote.

     Elastic.  Elastic's certificate of incorporation authorizes the Elastic
board of directors to make, amend, repeal or otherwise alter Elastic's bylaws.
Elastic's bylaws provide that they may be amended or repealed if approved by a
majority of all of the members of the board of directors or by a majority of the
votes cast by Elastic stockholders entitled to vote present in person or by
proxy at the meeting.

ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT

     General.  Delaware law provides that, unless otherwise stated in the
certificate of incorporation, any action which may be taken at an annual meeting
or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, if a consent
in writing is signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having the minimum
number of votes necessary to authorize the action at a meeting of stockholders.

     Paradyne.  The Paradyne certificate of incorporation provides that no
action may be taken by the stockholders by written consent.

     Elastic.  The Elastic certificate of incorporation provides that no action
required to be taken, or which may be taken, at an annual meeting or special
meeting of the stockholders may be taken by written consent. Any and all actions
may only be taken at a meeting or meetings of Elastic stockholders.

ABILITY TO CALL SPECIAL STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS

     Paradyne.  Special meetings of Paradyne stockholders may be called by
Paradyne's board of directors (pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of
the total number of authorized directors), the chairman

of the board, the chief executive officer or holders of the shares entitled to
cast not less than 50% of the votes at the meeting.

     Elastic.  Special meetings of Elastic stockholders may be called by a
majority of Elastic's board of directors, the chairman of the board or holders
of not less than 15% of all the shares entitled to vote on the issue proposed to
be considered at the meeting if such holders sign, date and deliver a written
demand for the meeting describing the purpose for which it is to be held.

NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER ACTION

     Paradyne.  Under the Paradyne bylaws, in order for a stockholder to
nominate candidates for election to Paradyne's board of directors at any annual
meeting of stockholders at which directors will be elected, timely written
notice must be given to the Secretary of Paradyne before the annual meeting.
Similarly, in order for a stockholder to propose business to be brought before
any annual stockholders meeting, timely written notice must be given to the
Secretary of Paradyne before the annual meeting.

     Under Paradyne's bylaws, to be timely, notice of stockholder nominations or
proposals to be made at an annual meeting must be delivered to the Secretary of
Paradyne at the principal executive offices of Paradyne no later than 90 days
nor earlier than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's
annual meeting. In the event that the annual meeting is advanced more than 30
days prior to or delayed by more than 30 days after the anniversary of the
preceding year's annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be
delivered not earlier than 120 days prior to such annual meeting and not later
than the later of 90 days prior to the annual meeting or 10 days following the
day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first
made.

     Under Paradyne's bylaws, special meetings may be called by persons other
than the Paradyne board of directors, provided that a written request,
specifying the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, is
delivered to the chairman of the Paradyne board of directors, the chief
executive officer or the Secretary of Paradyne. In the case of a special meeting
involving board elections, notice of a stockholder nomination must be delivered
to the Secretary of Paradyne at the principal executive offices of Paradyne not
earlier than 120 days prior to the special meeting and not later than the later
of 90 days prior to such meeting or 10 days following the day on which public
announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting.

     A stockholder's notice to Paradyne as to an annual meeting and special
meeting must set forth the stockholder's name and address as they appear in
Paradyne's records, the class and number of shares of Paradyne common stock
which are beneficially owned by the stockholder and whether the stockholder
intends to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of Paradyne
common stock entitled to vote on the matter.

     Notices relating to stockholders proposals must also include a brief
description of the business the stockholder proposes to bring before the
meeting, the reasons for conducting such business before the meeting and any
material interest in such business of such stockholder.

     Notices relating to stockholder nominations to the board of directors must
also include all information relating to such person that is required to be
disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election
contest, or is otherwise required, pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 14a-11 thereunder, including such
person's written consent to being named as a nominee in the proxy statement and
to serving as a director if elected.

     The chairman of the stockholders meeting has the power and duty to
determine whether the nomination or proposal was made by the stockholder in
accordance with the advance notice procedures set forth in Paradyne's bylaws and
Delaware law. If the presiding officer determines that the nomination or
proposal is not in compliance, the presiding officer may declare that the
defective proposal or nomination will not be presented for stockholder action
and will be disregarded.

     Elastic.  Under the Elastic certificate of incorporation, in order for a
stockholder to nominate persons for election to the board of directors at an
annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders, the stockholder must provide
written notice, either by personal delivery or by the United States mail,
postage prepaid, to the Secretary of Elastic. In the case of an annual meeting,
the stockholder must provide notice 90 days in advance of the annual meeting and
with respect to any election for directors to be held at a special meeting of
the stockholders of Elastic, the stockholder must provide written notice to the
Secretary of Elastic no later than 7 days following the date on which notice of
such meeting is first given to stockholders. Each such notice shall set forth:

     - name and address of the stockholder of record who intends to make the
       nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated;

     - representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of shares
       entitled to vote at the meeting and intends to appear in person or by
       proxy at the meeting to nominate the person specified in the notice;

     - description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder
       and each nominee pursuant to which the nomination is to be made by the
       stockholder;

     - such other information regarding each nominee proposed by the stockholder
       as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant
       to the proxy rules of the SEC if the nominees were to be nominated by the
       board of directors;

     - consent of each nominee to serve as a director of Elastic if so elected.

     The chairman of the stockholders meeting may refuse to acknowledge the
nomination of any person not made in compliance with the advance notice
procedures set forth in Elastic's certificate of incorporation.

LIMITATION OF PERSONAL LIABILITY OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

     General.  Delaware law provides that a corporation may include in its
certificate of incorporation a provision limiting or eliminating the liability
of its directors to the corporation and its stockholders for monetary damages
arising from a breach of fiduciary duty, except for:

     - a breach of the duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders;

     - acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

     - payment of a dividend or the repurchase or redemption of stock in
       violation of Delaware law; or

     - any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal
       benefit.

     Paradyne.  The Paradyne certificate of incorporation provides that the
liability of the directors of Paradyne for monetary damages shall be eliminated
to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law.

     Elastic.  The Elastic certificate of incorporation provides that the
directors of Elastic shall be protected from personal liability to the fullest
extent permitted under Delaware law. The Elastic certificate of incorporation
also provides that a director under no circumstances shall have any personal
liability to Elastic or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, except for those specific breaches and acts and
omissions expressly provided for under Delaware law.

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

     General.  Under Delaware law, a corporation generally may indemnify
directors and officers:

     - for actions taken in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed
       to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation; and

     - with respect to any criminal proceeding, if the directors and officers
       had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful.

     In addition, Delaware law provides that a corporation may advance to a
director or officer expenses incurred in defending any action upon receipt of an
undertaking by the director or officer to repay the amount advanced if it is
ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification.

     Paradyne.  The Paradyne bylaws provide for indemnification of each director
of Paradyne to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. The Paradyne bylaws
further provide that Paradyne may modify the extent of its indemnification by
individual contracts with its directors. The indemnification rights conferred by
Paradyne are not exclusive of any other right which persons seeking
indemnification may be entitled under any statute, Paradyne's certificate of
incorporation or bylaws, any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise. Paradyne's bylaws permit, but do not require, Paradyne
to indemnify its employees, including its officers, and other agents as set
forth under Delaware law. Paradyne is authorized, upon approval by the board of
directors, to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person or persons
required or permitted to be indemnified.

     In addition, Paradyne may pay expenses incurred by any person who was or is
a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal administrative or
investigative, because that person is or was a director, or is or was serving at
the request of Paradyne as a director or executive officer of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, in advance
of the final disposition of the proceeding. The payment of expenses will be made
only if Paradyne receives an undertaking by or on behalf of a director to repay
all amounts advanced if it is ultimately determined that the director is not
entitled to be indemnified by Paradyne, as authorized by Paradyne's certificate
of incorporation and bylaws. Paradyne shall not advance the expenses of any
person if a determination is made by the majority of disinterested directors
that there is clear and convincing evidence that the person acted in bad faith
and in a manner that the person did not believe to be in the best interests of
Paradyne.

     Elastic.  The Elastic certificate of incorporation provides for
indemnification of each director and officer of Elastic to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law. In addition, the Elastic bylaws provide that the
expenses incurred in the defense of or other involvement in any proceeding in
advance of its final disposition will be advanced by Elastic, provided that if
and to the extent Delaware law requires it, the indemnified director or officer
agrees to repay all amounts advanced if it is ultimately determined that such
director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified.

     The rights of indemnification and advance payment of expenses conferred by
Elastic are not exclusive of any other rights which persons seeking
indemnification and advance payment of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw,
agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as
to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity
while holding such office.

     The rights of indemnification and advance payment of expenses provided to
Elastic directors and officers continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
director, officer, employee, partner or agent and shall inure to the benefit of
the personal representatives, heirs, executors and administrators of such
person. The Elastic bylaws provide Elastic with the power to purchase and
maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of Elastic, or is or was serving at the request of Elastic as
a director, officer, employee, partner or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or other
enterprise, against any liability asserted against that person or incurred by
that person in any such capacity, whether Elastic would have the power to
indemnify against liability under Delaware law.

     The Elastic bylaws further provide that the board of directors, subject to
the limitations of Delaware law, may grant indemnification to any individual to
the extent and in the matter as the board of directors in its sole discretion
may from time to time determine.

STATE ANTI-TAKEOVER STATUTES

     General.  Under the business combination statute of Delaware law, a
corporation is prohibited, for a three year period following the time a
stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, from engaging in any business
combination with an interested stockholder who, together with its affiliates or
associates, owns, or who is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and
within a three-year period did own, 15% or more of the corporation's voting
stock, unless:

     - prior to the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the
       board of directors of the corporation approved either the business
       combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming
       an interested stockholder;

     - the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the
       corporation, excluding specified shares, upon completion of the
       transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
       stockholder; or

     - at or subsequent to the time the stockholder became an interested
       stockholder, the business combination is approved by the board of
       directors of the corporation and authorized by the affirmative vote, at
       an annual or special meeting and not by written consent, of at least
       66 2/3% of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, excluding
       shares held by that interested stockholder.

     A business combination generally includes:

     - mergers, consolidations and sales or other dispositions of 10% or more of
       the assets of a corporation to or with an interested stockholder;

     - specified transactions resulting in the issuance or transfer to an
       interested stockholder of any capital

     - stock of the corporation or its subsidiaries; and

     - other transactions resulting in a disproportionate financial benefit to
       an interested stockholder.

     The provisions of the Delaware business combination statute do not apply to
a corporation if, subject to certain requirements, the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of the corporation contain a provision expressly
electing not to be governed by the provisions of the statute or the corporation
does not have voting stock listed on a national securities exchange, authorized
for quotation on an inter-dealer quotation system of a registered national
securities association or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders.

     Paradyne.  Because Paradyne has not adopted any provision in its
certificate of incorporation to "opt-out" of the Delaware business combination
statute, the statute is applicable to business combinations involving Paradyne.

     Elastic.  Because Elastic has not adopted any provision in its certificate
of incorporation to "opt-out" of the Delaware business combination statute, the
statute is applicable to business combinations involving Elastic.

                    COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS

     Paradyne common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "PDYN." Elastic common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "ELAS." The following table sets forth, for the indicated
periods, the high and low sale prices for the Paradyne and Elastic common stock
as reported by the Nasdaq National Market. Neither Paradyne nor Elastic has paid
any cash dividends on their common stock during the periods indicated. The stock
prices do not include retail mark-ups, mark-downs or commissions.

                                                   PARADYNE              ELASTIC
                                              ------------------    ------------------
                                               HIGH        LOW       HIGH        LOW
                                              -------    -------    -------    -------
                                                        (DOLLARS PER SHARE)

  First Quarter.............................  53.0000    25.5000        N/A        N/A
  Second Quarter............................  36.0625    17.2500        N/A        N/A
  Third Quarter.............................  43.2500     5.1250    15.8750    13.9375
  Fourth Quarter............................   6.1250     1.5000    13.9375     2.2500
     Total..................................

  First Quarter.............................   3.6562     1.3750     6.4375     0.8438
  Second Quarter............................   2.4000     1.0000     3.0400     0.9375
  Third Quarter.............................   3.0200     0.9700     1.8500     0.5000
  Fourth Quarter............................   4.2600     1.1000     1.1300     0.3900

  First Quarter (through January 15,
     2002)..................................   6.2500     3.9200     1.2000     0.7500

     On December 27, 2001, the date immediately prior to public announcement of
the merger, the last sale price of Paradyne common stock as reported on the
Nasdaq National Market was $3.77 per share and the last sale price of Elastic
common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market was $0.60 per share. On
January   , 2002, the last practicable date prior to mailing this joint proxy
statement-prospectus, the last sale price of Paradyne common stock as reported
on the Nasdaq National Market was $          per share and the last sale price
of Elastic common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market was
$          per share.

     Neither Paradyne nor Elastic has ever declared or paid any cash dividends.
Paradyne intends to retain all future earnings for use in the operation and
expansion of the business and, therefore, does not anticipate declaring or
paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of future cash
dividends will be at the sole discretion of Paradyne's board of directors and
will depend upon Paradyne's profitability, financial condition, cash
requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the board of
directors. The payment of cash dividends is also limited by certain covenants
within Paradyne's line of credit facility with Foothill Capital Corporation.

                           INFORMATION ABOUT PARADYNE

     Paradyne is a leading developer, manufacturer and distributor of broadband
network access products for network service providers, commonly referred to as
NSPs, and business customers. Paradyne operates in a single business segment. It
offers solutions that enable high-speed connectivity over the existing telephone
network infrastructure and provide for cost-effective access speeds of up to 45
megabits per second, or Mbps. NSPs use Paradyne's broadband products to enable
high-speed connections from the central office to the customer premise.
Moreover, Paradyne's broadband products enable NSPs to more efficiently provide
network access services by allowing a high level of management, monitoring and
control over network access equipment and circuits. Business customers use
Paradyne's broadband products for high-speed connection of voice and data
communications to connect their employees to corporate wide area networks and to
the Internet using both public and private services provided by NSPs. Paradyne's
products are designed for easy installation by NSPs and end users, significantly
reducing the need for installation by an onsite service technician, thereby
reducing costs for network access. Paradyne believes that demand for high-speed,
broadband transmission will continue to increase as more business and
residential users find narrowband access technologies inadequate to meet their
high-bandwidth requirements. Paradyne strives to meet that demand in the
broadband access market by focusing its products on next generation digital
subscriber line, or DSL, service level management, and other broadband access
products.

     Paradyne is a Delaware corporation located at 8545 126th Avenue North,
Largo, Florida 33773, and its telephone number at that address is
(727) 530-2000. See "Where You Can Find More Information."

                           INFORMATION ABOUT ELASTIC

OVERVIEW

     Elastic designs, develops and markets high-speed, broadband communications
products which enable service providers to deliver easy to deploy and
cost-effective broadband access solutions to their customers over the existing
copper telephone wire infrastructure. Elastic designs products based on its
patented and patent pending EtherLoop technology to deliver a next generation
access solution. EtherLoop's advantages overcome many of the deployment,
performance, cost and quality of service limitations of conventional DSL
technologies.

     Elastic was formed in January 1997 as a division of Nortel Networks, and
through mid-1999, its operating activities related primarily to developing its
EtherLoop technology and complementary software, building and testing prototype
products, building its technical support infrastructure, staffing its sales and
marketing organization and establishing relationships with its customers. In
mid-1999, Elastic commenced shipment of its commercial products and has
continued making investments to grow its business.

     Elastic follows a revenue diversification strategy consisting of focusing
on the carrier, multi-tenant unit and international markets. Elastic targets its
sales efforts to various categories of service providers operating in the market
for high-speed access, both in the United States and internationally. To date,
customer installations have ranged from in-building applications, including
hotels, apartment buildings and university campuses, to service providers'
central office locations used to reach both business and residential users. In
addition to its direct selling efforts, Elastic has distribution arrangements in
place with companies such as Nortel Networks that allows it to expand its market
presence. Elastic has operations in the United States, Canada and Asia. For a
discussion regarding financial information about geographic areas in which
Elastic operates, please see note 13 to Elastic's audited financial statements
and note 4 to Elastic's unaudited financial statements included elsewhere in
this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

     Sales of Elastic's Internet protocol DSLAMs, servers and broadband modems
accounted, in the aggregate, for approximately 97% and 99% of total revenues for
the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, and 90% and 81% of
total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2001 and 2000,
respectively. Elastic operates through a single business segment. For
information regarding Elastic's total assets, please see Elastic's financial
statements beginning on page F-1 of this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

     Stock-based compensation reflected in Elastic's operating expenses includes
the amortization of stock compensation charges resulting from the grant of stock
options to employees with exercise or sales prices which may be deemed for
accounting purposes to be below the fair market value of Elastic's common stock
on the date of grant and compensation expense associated with the grant of stock
options to non-employees. Deferred compensation amounts are amortized over the
vesting periods of the applicable options, which are generally four years. The
compensation expense associated with options granted to non-employees is
recorded at the time services are provided.

     In fulfillment of compensation arrangements between Nortel Networks and
some of Elastic's employees relating to their prior employment with Nortel
Networks, Nortel Networks agreed to pay these employees, if they were still
working for Elastic at the time of payment, an aggregate of approximately $13.3
million in cash. On October 21, 2000, the employees received a payment from
Nortel Networks of $8.9 million. Nortel Networks made an additional payment of
approximately $4.4 million on November 2, 2001. In connection with these
arrangements, Elastic recorded compensation expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2001 of $3.3 million. Elastic recorded capital contributions from
Nortel Networks in equivalent amounts.

MANUFACTURING AND RAW MATERIALS

     Elastic currently outsources its manufacturing and supply chain management
operations to Sanmina Corporation and Solectron Corporation. Both Sanmina and
Solectron conduct manufacturing, engineering, quality assurance, program
management and product repairs. For this reason, a significant portion of

Elastic's cost of revenues consists of payments to contract manufacturers. If
Elastic were to cease its relationship with either Sanmina or Solectron, Elastic
may be responsible for purchasing some of its raw material inventory used to
manufacture Elastic's products.

     Although Elastic generally uses standard parts and components for its
products, such products contain several key components that are purchased from
single source suppliers: line driver chips from Texas Instruments Incorporated,
power supplies from Astec America Inc. and system processor chips from Motorola,
Inc.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Elastic continually reviews and evaluates technological changes affecting
the telecommunications market and invests in research and development to address
those changes. Elastic is committed to an ongoing program of new product
development that combines internal development efforts and licensing
arrangements for new products and technologies from other sources.

     Elastic has focused its recent research and development expenditures on
four areas: application specific integrated circuit chip development for
increased bandwidth of its EtherLoop technology of 10 Mbps and above, advanced
Internet protocol switching techniques, high-speed access connectivity devices
and enhanced communications software.

     Research and development expenses were $12.2 million, $7.5 million and $8.2
million in the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, and
$9.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2001.

CUSTOMERS

     Elastic targets its sales efforts to various categories of service
providers operating in the market for high-speed access, both in the United
States and internationally. To date, customer installations have ranged from
in-building applications, including hotels, apartment buildings and university
campuses, to service providers' central office locations used to reach both
business and residential users.

     In 2000, sales to Keval On-Line Technology, Ltd. and Nortel Networks
represented 28.7% of Elastic's revenues. For the nine months ended September 30,
2001, sales to Goldfield Telecom, LLC and Nortel Networks represented 79% of
Elastic's revenues. Sales to Keval accounted for 16.8% of Elastic's revenues and
sales to Nortel Networks accounted for 11.9% of Elastic's revenues during 2000.
Furthermore, sales to Goldfield accounted for 11.1% of Elastic's revenues and
sales to Nortel Networks accounted for 67.9% of Elastic's revenues during the
nine months ended September 30, 2001.

     Effective September 1, 1998, Elastic entered into a distribution agreement
with Nortel Networks whereby Nortel Networks agreed to purchase EtherLoop
products from Elastic for distribution by Nortel Networks to customers. Under
the original distribution agreement, Elastic paid a commission on some sales
generated under the agreement. In connection with the original distribution
agreement, Nortel Networks provided significant equipment financing arrangements
for the purchase of Elastic's products by two of Elastic's customers, Darwin
Networks, Inc. and CAIS Internet, Inc. For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2000, Elastic estimates that Nortel Networks provided financing guarantees for
Darwin for $3.6 million of purchases and direct financing to CAIS for $1.0
million of purchases of Elastic's products. These financing arrangements are no
longer available to Elastic. On September 27, 2000, Elastic and Nortel Networks
entered into modification number 1 to the original distribution agreement.
Pursuant to modification number 1, Nortel Networks and Elastic agreed that
Nortel Networks would qualify, pursuant to mutually agreed upon criteria, and
refer to Elastic for its consideration, potential candidates for the purchase of
Elastic's products. If a potential customer was accepted by Elastic, Elastic
would provide purchase price quotes for the applicable products. To the extent
the customer submitted a qualifying purchase order based on such quote, Elastic
was responsible for certain elements of the transaction,

including shipment, product configuration, pricing, warranty and technical
support. With respect to each customer opportunity that Nortel Networks and
Elastic were able to qualify and close, Elastic would pay Nortel Networks, upon
shipment of the applicable products, a fee consisting of 7.5% of the final
quoted contract price of the products. In a letter agreement dated September 14,
2001, Nortel Networks agreed to terminate some of Elastic's obligations
regarding the payment of commissions or fees for referrals under the modified
distributions agreement, and in connection with the merger, Nortel Networks has
agreed to terminate all remaining commissions and fees on referrals under the
modified distribution agreement.

COMPETITION

     Elastic operates in the highly competitive telecommunications access
industry. Elastic believes that competition may increase substantially with the
introduction of new technologies, deployment of new broadband communications
networks and potential changes in the regulatory environment which may create
new opportunities for established and emerging companies. Elastic's current and
prospective competitors include many large companies that have substantially
greater operating histories, market presence, financial, technical, marketing
and other resources than Elastic. Elastic currently competes directly or
indirectly with various providers of telecommunications technology, including
Alcatel USA, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Copper Mountain Networks, Inc., Lucent
Technologies Inc., Nokia Corporation, Paradyne and Tut Systems, Inc.

     In addition, digital subscriber line technology competes with alternative
access technologies, such as integrated services digital network, or ISDN, T-l
digital transmission technology, fiber optics and cable and wireless solutions.
Each of these technologies utilizes alternative transmission methods, and each
has advantages over, and disadvantages to, digital subscriber line technology.
Depending on the technology platform, the advantages can include higher speed
transmission, a more extensive network, a broader base of existing customers and
easier installation. There are many providers of such alternative technologies
including AT&T Corp. and AOL Time Warner Inc., each of which has made
significant investments in technology and assets for broadband cable Internet
access.

     However, each of these alternative technologies also has disadvantages to
digital subscriber line technology, such as shared bandwidth, which results in
security issues, and decreasing transmission speeds and service reliability.
These disadvantages, in turn, may result in higher installation and deployment
costs. However, as these alternative technologies continue to develop, grow and
become more efficient, each will exert increasing competitive pressure on
Elastic, which could slow Elastic's growth and reduce its market share, revenues
and profits.

     The rapid technological developments within the telecommunications industry
have resulted in frequent changes in Elastic's competitors. The principal
competitive factors in Elastic's market include:

     - system reliability and performance;

     - key product features, such as bandwidth and distance;

     - ease of installation and use;

     - standards compliance;

     - technical support and customer service; and

     - price.

     On May 12, 1999, Elastic began doing business as a separate company as a
result of a contribution agreement among Nortel Networks Inc., Nortel Networks
Corporation and Elastic in which Nortel Networks Corporation and Nortel Networks
Inc. transferred assets to Elastic. Under the contribution agreement, both
Nortel Networks Corporation and Nortel Networks Inc. agreed not to compete with
Elastic during the period commencing on May 12, 1999 and ending on May 12, 2002,
with respect to the design, research, development, manufacture and/or sale of
products or devices that communicate or involve communicating by EtherLoop
technology. In an amendment to the contribution agreement

executed in connection with the merger, Nortel Networks Corporation and Nortel
Networks Inc. have agreed to extend the duration of their agreement not to
compete with Elastic until May 12, 2003.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     Elastic relies on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent and trade
secret laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect its technology
and proprietary rights. Elastic requires employees and consultants and, when
possible, suppliers and distributors, to sign confidentiality agreements.
However, Elastic cannot assure you that its process and controls will be
sufficient to prevent misappropriation of Elastic's technology and proprietary
rights and information, or that Elastic's competitors will not independently
develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to Elastic's.
In addition, the laws of many foreign countries do not protect Elastic's
intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States. From
time to time, Elastic may desire or be required to renew or obtain licenses from
other parties in order to further develop and market commercially viable
products. There can be no assurance that any necessary licenses will be
available upon acceptable terms.

     Patents and technology licenses.  Under a patent transfer and license
agreement between Elastic and Nortel Networks Inc., Nortel Networks transferred
to Elastic all of its rights in U.S. patent number 5,912,895, titled
"Information Network Access Apparatus and Methods for Communicating Information
Packets via Telephone Lines," which generally relates to the communication of
Ethernet data frames between modems by using a technology that transmits data in
small packets sent in intervals instead of as a continuous signal, and a
technology for avoiding signal interference within the transmission line. This
patent issued on June 15, 1999 and expires on May 1, 2016. Australia has also
granted Elastic a patent on this technology and Elastic has applied for patents
in Canada, Japan and the European Community. Elastic's rights to this patent are
subject to certain licenses that Nortel Networks, as the original owner, granted
to other parties prior to May 12, 1999. Although Elastic originally granted back
to Nortel Networks a license to practice the patented technology and a license
to all improvements to this patented technology that Elastic may make or
acquire, Nortel Networks has agreed to terminate this license in connection with
the merger.

     Elastic also owns U.S. patent number 6,327,264, titled "Information Network
Access Apparatus and Methods for Communicating Information Packets via Telephone
Lines," which generally covers the communication of Ethernet data frames between
modems by using a technology that transmits data in small packets sent in
intervals instead of as a continuous signal, and a technology for avoiding
signal interference within the transmission line. This patent is a continuation
of U.S. Patent number 5,912,895 and issued on December 4, 2001 and expires on
May 1, 2016. Elastic has also filed additional patent applications that relate
to some of the same general technology described above and the next generation
of that technology. To protect its development of the next generation of the
technology generally described above, Elastic filed a provisional patent
application on February 13, 2001, titled "System and Method for Improved Data
Transmission Speed by Fixing the Lower Corner Frequency Above Voice Band in a
Symmetric DSL Transmission System."

     Elastic also utilizes technology in its business that it acquired ownership
or the rights to use under an intellectual property transfer and license
agreement between Nortel Networks Corporation and Elastic. Under this agreement,
Nortel Networks transferred to Elastic the rights to software, technical
information and trademarks that Elastic uses in its business. Also, Nortel
Networks licensed to Elastic the rights to patents, patent applications and
other trademarks, software and technical information that Elastic uses in its
business. Some of the rights granted to Elastic under this agreement included
exclusive licenses from Nortel Networks to one patent pending technology and one
patented technology and non-exclusive licenses to three patent pending
technologies and two other patented technologies, all of which Elastic uses in
its business. In return for these license grants, Elastic granted Nortel
Networks a royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide license, with a
limited right to grant sublicenses, to the licensed technologies, patent
applications, technical information and trademarks, and to the transferred
software, trademarks and technical information. The license granted back to
Nortel Networks also includes a license to any improvements that Elastic may
acquire or make to the transferred and licensed technologies, software and

technical information. Elastic also granted Nortel Networks a license to any
patents that are licensed to, or owned, acquired or issued pursuant to
applications filed by, Elastic during any period that Nortel Networks owned more
than 50% of Elastic's voting securities. In connection with the merger, Nortel
Networks has agreed to terminate all the licenses granted back to Nortel
Networks under this agreement, except for the licenses granted back with respect
to the transferred software and to any improvements that Elastic acquired or
made to the licensed technologies, software and technical information which were
actually delivered to Nortel Networks by Elastic pursuant to the terms of the
agreement. These licenses granted back to Nortel Networks are subject to its
obligation not to compete with Elastic with respect to EtherLoop-based products
prior to May 12, 2003. All of Elastic's rights to the intellectual property
licensed, including the exclusive licenses, and transferred to Elastic by Nortel
Networks under this agreement are subject to a group of cross-license agreements
executed between Nortel Networks and other telecommunications companies prior to
May 12, 1999. The exclusivity provisions of the exclusive licenses granted to
Elastic by Nortel Networks expire after May 12, 2004, after which time Elastic's
licenses become non-exclusive. All of the patent licenses expire on the dates
the patents expire, unless the patents earlier terminate, or upon termination of
the license arrangements. The license arrangements may be terminated by either
party upon a material breach, or by Nortel Networks if Elastic becomes insolvent
or bankrupt.

     Also in connection with the merger, Nortel Networks has agreed to broaden
the scope of the licenses granted to Elastic under the intellectual property
transfer and license agreement so that Elastic can include the licensed
technologies, software and technical information in xDSL based products.

     Trademarks.  Elastic has a United States trademark registration on the mark
Elastic Networks, Interproxy, the Elastic logo, the YesWare logo and ELMo.
Internationally, Elastic has a trademark registration on the mark Etherloop in
Hong Kong, Korea, China and Europe; the mark Elastic Networks in Korea, Canada
and Europe; the mark Interproxy in Hong Kong, Europe and China; the mark Elastic
in Korea, Canada, China and Europe; the Elastic logo in Canada, Korea, Europe,
Hong Kong and China; the mark YesWare in Europe, Hong Kong and China; the
YesWare logo in Europe and Korea; the mark Elmo in Hong Kong; the mark Spectrum
Manager in Hong Kong and China; and the mark Spectrum Manager Pro in Europe.
Elastic also claims common law protection for all its marks, including, but not
limited to, Elastic Networks, Elastic, EtherLoop, the Elastic logo, ELMo, Elite,
Spectrum Manager, YesWare, Storm System, BitStorm, MicroBurst, eSled, StormPort,
StormTracker, the YesWare logo, Interproxy, No Boundaries and Speed Up America,
which are all the sole property of Elastic. Elastic also has trademark
applications for some of these marks pending in Canada, China, Europe, Hong
Kong, Korea and the United States, but Elastic cannot guarantee that these
applications will mature into registrations, that it will meet all the
requirements to obtain a registration, or that it will pursue the applications
through the registration.

EMPLOYEES

     As of January 4, 2002, Elastic employed approximately 97 full time
employees. None of Elastic's employees is represented by a labor union. Elastic
has no collective bargaining agreements and Elastic believes its relations with
its employees are good.

PROPERTIES

     Elastic is headquartered in facilities consisting of approximately 25,000
square feet in Alpharetta, Georgia which it occupies under a lease that expires
in November 2003. In addition to serving as Elastic's corporate headquarters and
training base, this facility serves as a hub for Elastic's operations and
warehousing functions. Elastic leases a 15,000 square foot facility in
Alpharetta, Georgia, which serves as its principal engineering and product
development facility. The current lease for this facility expires in July 2003.
Elastic leases a 14,000 square foot facility in Hong Kong, China with a lease
term expiring in September 2003. Approximately one-half of this facility is used
for sales and marketing purposes in connection with Elastic's Asian operations.
Elastic also leases a 14,000 square foot facility in Alpharetta, Georgia, which
is currently unoccupied. The lease for this facility expires in August 2002,
with an option

to renew for a nine-month term ending May 2003. All of Elastic's leased
facilities are in good condition and all unoccupied space is suitable for
subleases through the end of the lease term obligations. Elastic owns no real
property and is not currently seeking additional facilities for purchase or
lease.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Elastic is not currently a party to any material legal proceedings.

                ELASTIC MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
                 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     This management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with Elastic's audited and
unaudited financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus.

OVERVIEW

     Elastic designs, develops and markets high-speed, broadband communications
products which enable service providers to deliver easy to deploy and
cost-effective broadband access solutions to their customers over the existing
copper telephone wire infrastructure. Elastic designs products based on its
patented and patent pending EtherLoop technology to deliver a next generation
access solution. EtherLoop's advantages overcome many of the deployment,
performance, cost and quality of service limitations of conventional DSL
technologies.

     Elastic was formed in January 1997 as a division of Nortel Networks, and
through mid-1999, its operating activities related primarily to developing its
EtherLoop technology and complementary software, building and testing prototype
products, building its technical support infrastructure, staffing its sales and
marketing organization and establishing relationships with its customers. In
mid-1999, Elastic commenced shipment of its commercial products and has
continued making investments to grow its business.

     The following discussion contains forward-looking statements by Elastic's
management concerning Elastic on a stand-alone basis. However, these statements
are not meant to convey the anticipated effects of the proposed merger or the
strategies or results of operations of the combined company or of Elastic as a
subsidiary of Paradyne.

     Elastic's 2001 revenues were generated principally from sales of its
DSLAMs, which are known as BitStorm DSLAMs and which connect broadband modem
signals with the Internet, its StormPort broadband modem, and to a lesser
extent, its complementary software. Elastic's 2000 and 1999 revenues were
generated principally from the sales of its first generation DSLAMs, which are
known as ELMo DSLAMs and which connect broadband modem signals to the Internet,
its Elite broadband modem and, to a lesser extent, its complementary software.
Sales of the Elastic's Internet protocol DSLAMs, servers and broadband modems
accounted in the aggregate, for approximately 90% and 81% of total revenues for
the nine months ended September 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively, and
approximately 97% and 99% of the total revenues for the years ended December 31,
2000 and 1999, respectively. Elastic began limited shipment of its first release
DSLAM, the ELMo 8, in the second quarter of 1999. Elastic began shipping the
ELMo 120 in the third quarter of 1999. In the fourth quarter of 2000, Elastic
introduced the Storm System family of broadband access equipment to serve its
carrier and in-building/multi-tenant unit, or MTU, markets both domestically and
internationally. Elastic's revenues from the Storm System family of products
were primarily from the sales of its BitStorm 1900 Internet protocol DSLAM and
to a lesser extent, from the sales of the Microburst Remote Internet protocol
DSLAM. Elastic expects to continue to invest in product enhancements and new
product development in order to increase bandwidth and functionality and
decrease costs. Additionally, Elastic plans to pursue both an original equipment
manufacturer, or OEM, licensing strategy for its broadband modems and a
technology licensing strategy for its software and patented EtherLoop
technology. These licensing strategies are primarily intended to accelerate its
market penetration and to increase its gross margin.

     Elastic follows a revenue diversification strategy consisting of focusing
on the carrier, multi-tenant unit, or MTU, and international markets. Elastic
targets its sales efforts to various categories of service providers operating
in the market for high-speed access, both in the United States and
internationally. To date, customer installations have ranged from in-building
applications, including hotels, apartment buildings and university campuses, to
service providers' central office locations used to reach both business and
residential users.

     As part of its ongoing goal to achieve and increase profitability, Elastic
closed its Toronto, Canada office in July 2001. The Hong Kong, China office,
opened in the fourth quarter of 2000, remains a viable part of Elastic's
international operations and the Canadian customers are serviced from the United
States location. To date, Elastic's international sales have been denominated in
U.S. dollars and, accordingly, it has not been materially exposed to
fluctuations in non-U.S. currency exchange rates. In the future, a portion of
its international sales may be denominated in currencies other than U.S.
dollars, which would expose Elastic to gains and losses upon exchange rate
fluctuations. For a discussion on financial information about geographic areas
in which Elastic operates, see note 13 to Elastic's audited financial statements
and note 4 to Elastic's unaudited financial statements included elsewhere in
this joint proxy statement-prospectus.

     Elastic's gross margin is affected by many factors including competitive
pricing pressures, fluctuations in manufacturing volumes, costs of components
and sub-assemblies, and the mix of products or system configurations sold.
Additionally, Elastic's gross margin may fluctuate due to changes in the mix of
distribution channels. Elastic's negative gross margin for the nine months ended
September 30, 2001 was primarily the result of the charges related to excess
inventory on hand and on order due to market demands requiring an accelerated
migration to the 10 Mbps platform and due to customer order cancellations and
deferrals after the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States in the
third quarter of 2001 and charges related to excess inventory on hand and on
order in the first quarter of 2001. Elastic's gross margins are expected to
improve in the future as Elastic lowers the cost of its existing products,
continues to sell its Storm System family of products and increases its
licensing and chipset sale revenues. Elastic gross margin was positive during
fiscal year 2000. In 2000, gross margin on sales of its DSLAMs has been higher
than the gross margin on sales of its broadband modems. Elastic's negative gross
margin in 1999 was due primarily to the sales of its first generation ELMo 8
access equipment below cost.

     Elastic currently outsources its manufacturing and supply chain management
operations to Sanmina Corporation and Solectron Corporation. Both Sanmina and
Solectron conduct manufacturing engineering, quality assurance, program
management and product repairs. For this reason, a significant portion of
Elastic's cost of revenues consists of payments to contract manufacturers. If
Elastic ceases its relationship with either Sanmina or Solectron, it may be
responsible for purchasing some of their raw material inventory used to
manufacture its products.

     Elastic sells its products through a direct sales force and selected
distributors to domestic and international telecommunications and in-building
services providers. Sales and marketing expenses consist of employee salaries,
commissions, non-cash stock compensation, travel and related expenses for
personnel engaged in marketing, sales and sales support functions. These
expenses also include trade show and promotional expenses.

     Research and development expenses primarily consist of salaries and related
personnel expenses, non-cash stock compensation, contractor and consultant fees,
and prototype expenses related to the design, development, testing and
enhancement of its products. Elastic expenses all research and development
expenses as incurred. Elastic believes continued investment in research and
development is critical to attaining its strategic sales and cost-reduction
objectives.

     General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and
related expenses for executive, finance, human resources and administrative
personnel, non-cash stock compensation, facilities, information systems and
other general corporate expenses.

     As of January 4, 2002, Elastic employed 97 employees, which reflects a
decrease of 92 employees from December 31, 2000 primarily as a result of the
restructuring of its employee base in March 2001 and July 2001.

     Stock-based compensation reflected in Elastic's operating expenses includes
the amortization of stock compensation charges resulting from the grant of stock
options to employees with exercise or sales prices which may be deemed for
accounting purposes to be below the fair market value of Elastic's common

stock on the date of grant and compensation expense associated with the grant of
stock options to non-employees. Deferred compensation amounts are amortized over
the vesting periods of the applicable options, which are generally four years.
The compensation expense associated with options granted to non-employees is
recorded at the time services are provided.

     In fulfillment of compensation arrangements between Nortel Networks and
some of Elastic's employees relating to their prior employment with Nortel
Networks, Nortel Networks agreed to pay these employees, if they were still
working for Elastic at the time of payment, an aggregate of approximately $13.3
million in cash. On October 21, 2000, the employees received a payment from
Nortel Networks of $8.9 million. Nortel Networks made an additional payment of
approximately $4.4 million on November 2, 2001. In connection with these
arrangements, Elastic recorded compensation expense for the nine months ended
September 30, 2001 of $3.3 million. Elastic recorded capital contributions from
Nortel Networks in equivalent amounts.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The following table sets forth, as a percentage of total revenues, certain
operating data for the periods indicated:

                                                                                  NINE MONTHS
                                                                                     ENDED
                                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,      SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                    ------------------------     --------------
                                                    2000     1999      1998      2001      2000
                                                    ----     ----     ------     -----     ----

Total revenues....................................  100%      100%       100%     100%     100%
Cost of revenues..................................   90       174        921       87       93
  Charges related to excess inventory on hand and
     on order and restructuring charges...........   --        --         --      123       --
                                                    ---      ----     ------     ----      ---
       Gross profit (loss)........................   10       (74)      (821)    (110)       7
Operating expenses:(1)
  Sales and marketing.............................   38        63      1,473       51       39
  Research and development........................   31        91      3,515       49       33
  General and administrative......................   39        26        727       64       18
                                                    ---      ----     ------     ----      ---
     Total operating expenses.....................  108       180      5,715      164       90
                                                    ---      ----     ------     ----      ---
       Operating loss.............................  (98)     (254)    (6,536)    (274)     (83)
Other income (expense), net(2)....................    1         2         --        8       (3)
                                                    ---      ----     ------     ----      ---
Net loss..........................................  (97)%    (252)%   (6,536)%   (266)%    (86)%
                                                    ===      ====     ======     ====      ===

- ---------------

(1) Includes non-cash stock based compensation expenses in 2001, 2000 and 1999;
    includes restructuring charges and additional accruals for uncollectible
    accounts in 2001.

(2) Includes non-cash stock based financing expenses in 2000.

  NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2001 AND 2000

     Total Revenues.  During the first nine months of 2001, Elastic generated
revenues of $19.5 million, a decrease of 25% from the prior year's same period
amount of $25.9 million. The decrease was primarily due to continued weakening
economic conditions that have affected overall capital spending in the
telecommunications industry. The hospitality market was negatively impacted by
the terrorist attacks, which occurred on September 11, 2001, resulting in lower
revenues due to orders and product shipments being rescheduled or cancelled
during the last weeks of the third quarter of 2001. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2001 and 2000, Elastic generated revenues from international sales
of $2.2 million and $4.4 million, respectively.

     Gross Profit (Loss).  Elastic's gross profit decreased from a profit of
$1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 to a loss of $21.5
million for the same period of 2001. The decline in the year-to-date gross
profit, in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues, was primarily the
result of the charges related to excess inventory on hand and on order in the
amounts of $12.1 million taken during the third quarter of 2001 and $11.9
million taken during the first quarter of 2001.

     Sales and Marketing.  For the nine-month periods ended September 30, sales
and marketing expenses decreased from $10.1 million in 2000 to $9.9 million in
2001. This decrease in sales and marketing expenses was the result of Elastic's
cost restructuring efforts offset by investments in international operations.
Non-cash stock compensation expense related to sales and marketing was $0.02
million and $0.1 million for the nine-month periods of 2000 and 2001,
respectively.

     Research and Development.  The increase in research and development
expenses from $8.4 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2000 to
$9.5 million for the same period in 2001 was primarily a result of an increase
in prototype costs and depreciation expense related to lab equipment associated
with ongoing technological development incurred during 2001. Non-cash stock
compensation expense related to research and development was $0.7 million and
$0.1 million for the nine-month periods of 2000 and 2001, respectively.

     General and Administrative.  For the nine-month periods ended September 30,
2000 and 2001, general and administrative expenses increased from $4.7 million
to $12.5 million, respectively. This increase was primarily the result of a
write-off of an uncollectible note receivable for $2.1 million in the first
quarter of 2001 and non-cash stock compensation expense of $3.3 million arising
from payouts from Nortel Networks related to compensation arrangements with
certain of Elastic's key executives. The remaining increases resulted from
increased personnel related costs and increased expenditures on facilities,
legal, accounting, information systems and consulting fees.

     Other Income (Expense), Net.  Other income (expense), net increased from
$0.9 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2000 to $1.6 million
in the same period for 2001, resulting primarily from an increase in interest
income.

  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999

     Total Revenues.  Revenues increased from $8.2 million in the year ended
December 31, 1999 to $40.2 million in the same period for 2000. This increase
was primarily due to the successful transition from development of its products
to commencement of commercial operations and a significant increase in the sales
of its ELMo 120 access equipment, which Elastic introduced in the third quarter
of 1999. For the years ended 2000 and 1999, Elastic generated revenues from
international sales of $10.8 million and $0.9 million, respectively.

     Gross Profit (Loss).  Gross profit (loss) improved from a loss of $6.1
million in the year ended December 31, 1999 to a profit of $3.9 million in the
same period for 2000. The improvement in gross profit (loss), in absolute
dollars and as a percentage of revenues, was primarily the result of sales of
its ELMo 120 and declines in component costs. In 2000, Elastic's primary DSLAM
offering used its first generation chipset, which includes a larger number of
discrete components, and was at the top of the chipset evolution cost curve.
Elastic made the decision to sacrifice its early gross margins in this manner in
order to get its innovative technology to market as quickly as possible. Elastic
introduced its second-generation chipset in the fourth quarter of 2000.

     Sales and Marketing.  Sales and marketing expenses increased from $5.2
million in the year ended December 31, 1999 to $15.3 million in the same period
for 2000. This increase was primarily a result of increases in staffing for
marketing, account management, customer support and direct sales, as well as
increases in sales commissions. The increase in sales and marketing expenses was
also the result of Elastic's increased investment in international operations.
Additionally, non-cash stock compensation expense increased from $25,000 for the
year ended December 31, 1999 to $0.9 million in the same period

for 2000. Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased
significantly as a result of the increase in its revenues.

     Research and Development.  Research and development expenses increased from
$7.5 million in the year ended December 31, 1999 to $12.2 million in the same
period for 2000. This increase was primarily a result of an increase in
personnel related costs. Additionally, non-cash stock compensation expense
increased from $76,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 to $1.3 million in
the same period for 2000. Research and development expenses as a percentage of
revenues decreased significantly as a result of the increase in its revenues.

     General and Administrative.  General and administrative expenses increased
from $2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 to $15.6 million in the
same period for 2000. This increase was primarily a result of an increase in
personnel related costs and increased expenditures on facilities, legal,
accounting, information systems, and consulting fees. Additionally, non-cash
stock compensation expense increased from $10,000 for the year ended December
31, 1999 to $10.2 million in the same period for 2000. The non-cash stock
compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2000 included $10.0 million
of payouts from Nortel Networks related to compensation arrangements with key
executives (see note 16 of the notes to Elastic's audited financial statements
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement-prospectus). Excluding the 2000
Nortel Networks non-stock compensation expense, general and administrative
expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 14% for the year ended
December 31, 2000 from 26% in the same period for 1999 as a result of the
increase in its revenues.

     Other Income (Expense), Net.  Other income (expense), net increased from
$0.2 million in the year ended December 31, 1999 to $0.3 million in the same
period for 2000, resulting primarily from an increase in interest income,
partially offset by royalty payments to Nortel Networks and non-cash stock based
financing expense. Elastic's royalty obligations to Nortel Networks terminated
upon the closing of its initial public offering on October 4, 2000. The non-cash
stock based financing expense initially occurred in August 2000, when Elastic
issued secured promissory notes with principal amounts of up to $5.0 million
each to Nortel Networks and another of its ten-percent or greater stockholders.
In connection with this financing, Elastic issued warrants to these stockholders
to purchase 102,460 shares of its common stock. These warrants, which were fully
vested when granted, were valued at approximately $0.7 million and were
amortized to interest expense over the expected life of the notes. The notes
were paid in full on October 5, 2000.

  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998

     Total Revenues.  Revenues increased from approximately $0.2 million in the
year ended December 31, 1998 to $8.2 million in the year ended December 31,
1999. This increase was primarily due to the successful transition from
development of Elastic's products to commencement of commercial operations and a
significant increase in the sales of its ELMo 8 and ELMo 120 access equipment,
which was introduced in mid 1999. Elastic generated revenues from international
sales of $0 for the year ended December 31, 1998 and $0.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999.

     Gross Profit (Loss).  Gross profit (loss) declined from a loss of $1.9
million in the year ended December 31, 1998 to a loss of $6.1 million in the
year ended December 31, 1999. The increase in gross loss was primarily the
result of Elastic's selling products at prices that were less than its costs
during each year, together with increases in sales of its products.
Additionally, significant manufacturing support costs were incurred in the
fourth quarter of 1999 while the products were undergoing continued redesign
aimed at cost reduction. The majority of these costs were non-recurring in
nature, and were incurred as Elastic moved from manufacturing prototype products
to manufacturing and selling commercial products.

     Sales and Marketing.  Sales and marketing expenses increased from $3.4
million in the year ended December 31, 1998 to $5.2 million in the year ended
December 31, 1999. This increase was primarily a result of increases in staffing
for marketing, account management, customer support and direct sales, as well as
increases in sales commissions. The majority of the increase in sales and
marketing expenses

occurred in the fourth quarter of 1999 in support of the ELMo 120 launch and the
expansion of Elastic's international business.

     Research and Development.  Research and development expenses decreased from
$8.2 million in the year ended December 31, 1998 to $7.5 million in the year
ended December 31, 1999. This decrease in Elastic's research and development
expenses was primarily a result of a reduction in contract development costs and
the replacement of contractors with full time employees.

     General and Administrative.  General and administrative expenses increased
from $1.7 million in the year ended December 31, 1998 to $2.2 million in the
year ended December 31, 1999. This increase was primarily a result of an
increase in personnel related costs and increased expenditures on legal,
accounting, information systems and consulting fees. The increase in Elastic's
general and administrative staffing was required to support the growth in its
operations, commercial activities and customer base.

     Other Income (Expense), Net.  Other income (expense), net increased from $0
in 1998 to $0.2 million in 1999, resulting primarily from an increase in
interest income partially offset by an increase of royalties paid to Nortel
Networks. Elastic's royalty obligations to Nortel Networks terminated upon the
closing of its initial public offering on October 4, 2000.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Prior to May 1999, Elastic operated as a division of Nortel Networks and
Nortel Networks funded all operating deficits and capital expenditures. Since it
became a separate company on May 12, 1999, Elastic has financed its operations
and capital expenditures through the sale of equity and debt securities and
leases for capital equipment. On May 12, 1999, Elastic sold shares of its Series
A preferred stock for $12.6 million, comprised of $10.6 million in cash and $2.0
million in notes that have since been paid. On February 14, 2000, Elastic sold
shares of its Series B preferred stock for $20.9 million.

     On August 4, 2000, Elastic borrowed $4.0 million under two secured
promissory notes issued to two of its stockholders. On September 15, 2000,
Elastic borrowed an additional $1.0 million under each of these notes, for a
total of $6.0 million. Each note was for an aggregate principal amount of up to
$5.0 million, was secured by all of Elastic's assets, bore interest at a rate of
6.0% per year and matured on the earlier to occur of the closing of its initial
public offering or February 1, 2001. Elastic also issued warrants to these
stockholders to purchase an aggregate of 102,460 shares of its common stock,
which had not been exercised as of December 31, 2001. These warrants were valued
at approximately $0.7 million and were amortized to interest expense over the
expected life of the notes. All borrowings under the notes were repaid in full
on October 5, 2000, including interest, and additional new borrowings under
these notes are no longer available to Elastic.

     On October 4, 2000, Elastic completed its initial public offering for the
sale of 6.8 million shares of its common stock at a price to the public of
$13.00 per share, which resulted in proceeds of $80.3 million to Elastic, net of
aggregate expenses. Upon the closing of the initial public offering, all shares
of Elastic's Series A and B redeemable convertible participating preferred stock
were converted into an aggregate of 9.1 million shares of common stock. At
September 30, 2001, Elastic had cash and cash equivalents, short-term
investments and restricted cash of $32.3 million.

     Cash used in operating activities was $39.6 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2001 and $22.7 million for the same period of 2000. The
increase in cash used for operating activities was primarily due to increases in
inventories and accounts payable and to fund net losses. This increase was
partially offset by $27.7 million of non-cash charges related to excess
inventory on hand and on order, the write-off of a note receivable, and
restructuring charges, and a decrease of $6.1 million in accounts receivable.

     Cash provided by investing activities was $8.3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2001 and cash used in investing activities was $0.3 million
for the same period of 2000. The increase in cash provided by investing
activities was primarily due to the sale of $20.4 million of short-term
investments due to interest earnings potential in cash investments exceeding the
short-term earnings rate during the

nine months ended September 30, 2001. The increase was partially offset by the
utilization of $1.9 million for capital expenditures and $10.2 million for the
purchase of short-term investments during the nine months ended September 30,
2001.

     Cash provided by financing activities was $0.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2001 and $28.8 million for the same period of 2000. The
decrease in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to $20.9
million in cash received during the quarter ended March 31, 2000 in connection
with the issuance of Series B redeemable convertible participating preferred
stock.

     Cash used in operating activities was $16.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999 and $37.2 million for the same period of 2000. The increase in
cash used for operating activities was primarily due to increases in net losses,
accounts receivable and inventories as a result of the growth in demand for
Elastic's products. This increase was partially offset by increases in accounts
payable and other accruals.

     Cash used in investing activities was $2.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999 and $21.5 million for the same period of 2000. The increase in
cash used for investing activities was primarily due to the net purchase of
$18.6 million in short-term investments and a $2.9 million increase in capital
expenditures in 2000.

     Cash provided by financing activities was $22.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999 and $103.0 million for the same period of 2000. The increase
in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to the proceeds from
Elastic's initial public offering of $80.3 million, net of aggregate expenses,
and issuance of its Series B preferred stock for $20.9 million.

     Cash used in operating activities was $11.9 million for the period ended
December 31, 1998 and $16.4 million for the period ended December 31, 1999. The
increase in cash used for operating activities for the year ended December 31,
1999 compared to the year ended December 31, 1998 was primarily due to increases
in net losses, accounts receivable and inventories as a result of the
introduction of and growth in demand for Elastic's products. This increase was
partially offset by increases in accounts payable and other accruals.

     Cash used in investing activities was $1.3 million for the period ended
December 31, 1998 and $2.4 million for the period ended December 31, 1999. The
increase in cash used for investing activities for the year ended December 31,
1999 compared to the prior year was primarily due to the net purchase of $1.8
million in short-term investments partially offset by a reduction in capital
expenditures.

     Cash provided by financing activities was $13.2 million for the period
ended December 31, 1998 and $22.7 million for the period ended December 31,
1999. For the year ended December 31, 1998, cash was provided by Nortel Networks
to fund Elastic's operations during periods of operating losses and capital
expenditures. The increase in cash provided by financing activities for the year
ended December 31, 1999 compared to the year ended December 31, 1998 was
primarily due to the issuance of its series A preferred stock for $10.6 million
in cash and $11.9 million in cash provided by Nortel Networks prior to May 12,
1999 in support of Elastic's operating losses and assets purchases.

     Elastic's future capital requirements will depend upon many factors,
including sales of its products, the management of volume purchase commitments
with contract manufacturers, and the timing of research and product development
efforts. Elastic expects to continue to expend amounts on property and equipment
related to the facility infrastructure, computer equipment, and for its research
and development laboratory and test equipment to support on-going research and
development operations. At September 30, 2001, Elastic had no material
commitments other than obligations under its operating and capital leases and
product manufacturing and purchase agreements. There are potential additional
exposures from existing contract manufacturer commitments and inventory
obsolescence. Elastic believes its cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash
and short-term investments will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements
for at least the next twelve months. Elastic intends to invest its cash in
excess of current operating requirements in short-term, interest-bearing,
investment-grade securities.

     Elastic believes the effects of inflation have not had a significant impact
on its results of operations.

SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA

                                                                    QUARTER
                                                  --------------------------------------------
                                                   FIRST       SECOND      THIRD       FOURTH
                                                  --------    --------    --------    --------
                                                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

2001 (UNAUDITED)
  Total revenues................................  $  5,643    $  8,000    $  5,825       *
  Gross profit (loss)...........................   (11,740)      1,193     (10,947)      *
  Net loss......................................   (23,720)     (7,849)    (20,205)      *
  Basic and diluted net loss per common share...     (0.76)      (0.25)      (0.64)      *
  Dividends paid................................        --          --          --       *

  Total revenues................................  $  6,189    $  8,504    $ 11,204    $ 14,255
  Gross profit (loss)...........................       133         429       1,142       2,202
  Net loss......................................    (5,672)     (7,587)     (9,092)    (16,515)
  Basic and diluted net loss per common share...     (0.35)      (0.46)      (0.55)      (0.54)
  Dividends paid................................        --          --          --          --

  Total revenues................................  $    344    $  2,256    $  1,164    $  4,451
  Gross profit (loss)...........................      (459)     (2,450)       (680)     (2,486)
  Net loss......................................    (3,386)     (5,374)     (4,043)     (7,928)
  Basic and diluted net loss per common share...     (0.20)      (0.33)      (0.25)      (0.48)
  Dividends paid................................        --          --          --          --

- ---------------

* Not yet available.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In October 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS, No. 144, Accounting for
the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets which supersedes SFAS No. 121,
Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
be Disposed Of and the accounting and reporting provisions of Accounting
Principals Board, or APB, Opinion No. 30, Reporting the Results of
Operations -- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and
Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions for
the disposal of a segment of a business. SFAS No. 144 retains many of the
fundamental provisions of SFAS No. 121, but resolves certain implementation
issues associated with that Statement. SFAS No. 144 became effective for Elastic
beginning January 1, 2002. Elastic is in the process of evaluating the effects
of this new statement.

     In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations. This
statement supersedes APB Opinion No. 16, Business Combinations and SFAS No. 38,
Accounting for Reacquisition Contingencies of Purchased Enterprises. It revises
the standards for accounting treatment for business combinations by requiring
the use of purchase accounting and prohibiting the use of the pooling-of-
interests method for all business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001.
Elastic has not entered into any business combinations that would be subject to
this statement. Accordingly, the adoption of SFAS No. 141 did not have any
impact on the financial reporting and related disclosures of Elastic.

     In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible
Assets. This statement supersedes APB Opinion No. 17, Accounting for Intangible
Assets. It revises the standards for accounting for goodwill and other
intangible assets by not allowing amortization of goodwill and establishing
accounting for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. In addition,
the standard includes

provisions for reclassification of certain existing recognized intangibles such
as goodwill, reassessment of the useful lives of existing recognized
intangibles, reclassification of certain intangibles out of previously reported
goodwill and the identification of reporting units for purposes of assessing
potential future impairments of goodwill. SFAS No. 142 is required to be applied
starting with fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001. Elastic has not
entered into any business combinations and has no goodwill or intangible assets
that would be subject to this statement. Accordingly, the adoption of SFAS No.
142 should not have any impact on the financial reporting and related
disclosures of Elastic.

     In June 1998, the FASB issued SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities, which established accounting and reporting
standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities. It requires an
entity to measure all derivatives at fair value and to recognize them in the
balance sheet as an asset or liability, depending on the entity's rights or
obligations under the applicable derivative contract. In June 1999, the FASB
issued SFAS No. 137, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities -- Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133, which
deferred the effective date of SFAS No. 133 until fiscal quarters of all fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2000. In June 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 138,
Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities,
which amends the accounting and reporting standards of SFAS No. 133 for certain
derivative instruments and certain hedging activities. Elastic, to date, has not
engaged in derivative or hedging activities, and accordingly the adoption of
SFAS No. 133 on January 1, 2001 did not have any impact on the balance sheet of
Elastic.

      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT ELASTIC'S MARKET RISK

     Under Elastic's current policies, it does not use interest rate
derivatives, foreign currency exchange rate derivatives, commodity prices
derivatives, equity derivatives, or any other derivatives, for trading or any
other purposes. As of September 30, 2001, no debt instruments of Elastic were
outstanding, and its investments in financial instruments were limited to
investing its excess cash in various investment-grade commercial paper, money
market accounts, and debt instruments of the U.S. Treasury, government agencies,
and corporations with strong credit ratings, generally with original maturity
dates from dates of purchase of three months or less. Elastic's investments in
such financial instruments are exposed to financial market risk due to
fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.

     At September 30, 2001, the fair market value of Elastic's investments in
those of such financial instruments that were exposed to financial market risk
due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates was not material. At
September 30, 2001, the fair market value of Elastic's investments in those of
such financial instruments that were exposed to financial market risk due to
fluctuations in interest rates totaled, in the aggregate, $32.3 million.
However, due to the short-term nature of its investment portfolio, Elastic does
not expect that a sudden change in market interest rates would materially affect
the future earnings, fair values or cash flows of these interest-sensitive
financial instruments. For example, a hypothetical 100 basis point adverse move
in interest rates, which represents Elastic's expectation for a reasonably
possible near-term change in such rates, would result in an annual reduction in
interest income and cash flow of approximately $323,000, which Elastic considers
to be immaterial.

     A significant portion of Elastic's revenues is derived from sales shipped
internationally. Currently, all of Elastic's sales shipped internationally are
denominated in U.S. dollars. If the value of the U.S. dollar increases relative
to a particular foreign currency, Elastic's products could become relatively
more expensive, which could result in a reduction in its sales in a particular
country.

               BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF ELASTIC VOTING SECURITIES

     The following table sets forth information concerning (1) those persons
known by Elastic's management to beneficially own more than 5% of Elastic's
outstanding common stock, (2) Elastic's directors, (3) Elastic's named executive
officers for 2001 and (4) all of Elastic's directors and executive officers as a
group. Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes below, such information is
provided as of December 31, 2001. According to rules adopted by the SEC, a
person is the "beneficial owner" of securities if he or she has or shares the
power to vote them or to direct their investment or has the right to acquire
beneficial ownership of such securities within 60 days through the exercise of
an option, warrant or right, the conversion of a security or otherwise. Except
as otherwise noted, the indicated owners have sole voting and investment power
with respect to shares beneficially owned.

     Except as noted, the business address of the named beneficial owner is c/o
Elastic Networks Inc., 6120 Windward Parkway, Suite 100, Alpharetta, Georgia
30005.

                                                             AMOUNT AND NATURE       PERCENT
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS                     OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP    OF CLASS
- -------------------------------------                     -----------------------    --------

Guy D. Gill(1)..........................................         1,860,213              5.6%
Phillip L. Griffith(2)..................................           571,838              1.8
Darrell E. Borne(3).....................................           117,700             *
Larry R. Hurtado(4).....................................           642,257              2.0
Matthew D. Toth(5)......................................           150,400             *
Steven J. Benson(6).....................................            60,000             *
Charles G. Betty(7).....................................            60,000             *
Kevin D. Elop(8)........................................           147,927             *
Jerome L. Rhattigan(9)..................................            95,000             *
Thomas M. Manley(10)....................................            15,000             *
Gerald A. Poch(11)......................................         4,724,113             15.0
Thomas J. Gallo(12).....................................           146,732             *
Nortel Networks Inc.(13)................................        14,435,845             45.7
Pequot Capital Management, Inc.(14).....................         4,709,113             14.9
All directors and executive officers as a group (11
  persons)(15)..........................................         8,444,448             21.1

- ---------------

  *  Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1% of Elastic's outstanding
     common stock.

 (1) Consists of 6,021 shares of Elastic common stock owned by Mr. Gill and
     1,854,192 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options exercisable
     within 60 days of December 31, 2001.

 (2) Consists of 12,959 shares of Elastic common stock owned by Mr. Griffith and
     558,879 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options exercisable
     within 60 days of December 31, 2001.

 (3) Consists of 1,000 shares of Elastic common stock owned by Mr. Borne and
     116,700 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options exercisable
     within 60 days of December 31, 2001.

 (4) Consists of 642,257 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options
     exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2001.

 (5) Consists of 400 shares of Elastic common stock owned by Mr. Toth and
     150,000 shares Elastic common stock subject to options exercisable within
     60 days of December 31, 2001.

 (6) Consists of 15,000 shares of Elastic common stock owned by Mr. Benson and
     45,000 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options exercisable within
     60 days of December 31, 2001.

 (7) Consists of 15,000 shares of Elastic common stock owned by Mr. Betty and
     45,000 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options exercisable within
     60 days of December 31, 2001.

 (8) Consists of 147,927 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options
     exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2001.

 (9) Consists of 95,000 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options
     exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2001.

(10) Consists of 15,000 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options
     exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2001. Mr. Manley was formerly an
     officer of a division of Nortel Networks Inc., and thus could have been
     deemed to beneficially own such shares. Mr. Manley is no longer associated
     with Nortel Networks Inc. and disclaims any such beneficial ownership.

(11) Includes the 4,657,883 shares owned and 51,230 shares issuable pursuant to
     a warrant owned by Pequot Capital Management, Inc. of which Mr. Poch is a
     managing director. Mr. Poch therefore may be deemed to beneficially own
     such shares, but he disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares, except
     to the extent of his pecuniary interest. See footnote 14 below regarding
     beneficial ownership of such shares by the related Pequot entities. Also
     includes 15,000 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options owned by
     Mr. Poch exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2001.

(12) Consists of 6,886 shares of Elastic common stock owned by Mr. Gallo and
     139,846 shares of Elastic common stock subject to options exercisable
     within 60 days of December 31, 2001. In November 2001, Mr. Gallo terminated
     his employment with Elastic.

(13) Consists of 14,384,615 shares of Elastic common stock owned by Nortel
     Networks Inc. and 51,230 shares of Elastic common stock issuable upon
     exercise of a warrant owned by Nortel Networks Inc., which warrant will
     terminate without being exercised in connection with the merger. Nortel
     Networks Inc.'s business address is 2350 Lakeside Blvd., Mail Stop
     07/J01/A30, Richardson, Texas 75082.

(14) Consists of 3,305,247 shares of Elastic common stock held by Pequot Private
     Equity Fund, L.P., 418,482 shares of Elastic common stock held by Pequot
     Offshore Private Equity Fund, Inc., 934,154 shares of Elastic common stock
     held by Pequot Venture Partners, L.P. and 51,230 shares of Elastic common
     stock held by Pequot Private Equity Fund II, L.P., issuable upon exercise
     of a warrant. The warrant will terminate without being exercised in
     connection with the merger. The Pequot entities are managed by Pequot
     Capital Management, Inc. which has voting and dispositive power over all
     shares of Elastic common stock held by the Pequot entities. See footnote 11
     above regarding beneficial ownership of such shares by Mr. Poch, the
     managing director of Pequot Capital Management. Pequot Capital Management,
     Inc.'s address is 500 Nyala Farm Road, Westport, Connecticut 06880.

(15) Excludes 4,709,113 shares and warrants to purchase Elastic common stock
     owned of record by the Pequot entities but attributable for beneficial
     ownership purposes to Mr. Poch. See footnotes 11 and 14 above.

                     DESCRIPTION OF PARADYNE CAPITAL STOCK

     The following discussion is a summary and does not purport to be complete
and is subject in all respects to applicable Delaware law and to the provisions
of Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws, as amended as of the date of this joint proxy statement-
prospectus. Paradyne stockholders are urged to read the amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws for a more complete
description of these provisions and other information that may be important to
you. See also "Effect of the Merger on the Rights of Elastic Stockholders."

GENERAL

     The authorized capital stock of Paradyne consists of 60,000,000 shares of
common stock, $.001 par value, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock $.001 par
value. There were 33,335,520 shares of Paradyne common stock outstanding as of
January 14, 2002, held of record by approximately 256 stockholders, and there
are no outstanding shares of preferred stock.

COMMON STOCK

     The holders of Paradyne common stock are entitled to one vote per share on
all matters to be voted on by the stockholders. Subject to preferences that may
be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of common
stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by the
board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event we
liquidate, dissolve or wind up, holders of common stock are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation
preferences of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Holders of common
stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights. There are no
redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All
outstanding shares of common stock are, and all shares of common stock to be
outstanding upon completion of this offering will be, fully paid and
nonassessable. The transfer agent and registrar for Paradyne's common stock is
Wells Fargo Shareowner Services.

     As discussed elsewhere in this joint proxy statement-prospectus, Paradyne
is proposing to amend its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to
increase the number of shares of common stock that Paradyne is authorized to
issue from 60,000,000 shares to 80,000,000 shares. The change, which will be
reflected in an amendment to the amended and restated certificate of
incorporation if the proposal is approved, is summarized under the heading
"Amendment of Paradyne's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation."

PREFERRED STOCK

     Under Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the
board has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to issue up to
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights,
preferences, privileges, qualifications and restrictions granted to or imposed
upon such preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting
rights, rights and terms of redemption, liquidation preference and sinking fund
terms, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the common stock.
The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of
holders of common stock and reduce the likelihood that such holders will receive
dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. Such issuance could have the
effect of decreasing the market price of the common stock. The issuance of
preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing
a change in control of Paradyne. Paradyne has no present plans to issue any
shares of preferred stock.

                        AMENDMENT OF PARADYNE'S AMENDED
                   AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

GENERAL

     The Paradyne board of directors has approved a proposal to amend Paradyne's
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The adoption of this
amendment by the required vote of Paradyne's stockholders is a condition to
closing of the merger. If the merger is not approved by Elastic's stockholders
or does not close for some other reason, Paradyne will not file the proposed
amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and
Paradyne's current amended and restated certificate of incorporation will
continue to be applicable.

CHANGE IN CAPITALIZATION

     The board of directors' proposal amends the certificate of incorporation to
increase the number of authorized shares of common stock. The Paradyne amended
and restated certificate of incorporation currently authorizes the issuance of a
total of 65,000,000 shares of capital stock, 60,000,000 of which are designated
as common stock and 5,000,000 of which are designated as preferred stock. Of the
authorized shares of common stock, 33,335,520 shares were outstanding as of
January 14, 2002, and a further 17,239,681 shares were reserved for issuance as
of January 14, 2002 pursuant to Paradyne's stock option and incentive plans
(including outstanding stock option and incentive awards). In addition, in June
and July 2002, additional shares under two of Paradyne's stock incentive plans
will be reserved for issuance pursuant to the automatic adjustment, or
"evergreen," provisions of those plans. Under Paradyne's Amended and Restated
Equity Incentive Plan, additional shares will be reserved in an amount equal to
the lesser of 5% of the total number of shares outstanding on June 1st, or 4.5
million shares. Under Paradyne's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended,
additional shares will be reserved in an amount equal to the lesser of 3% of the
total number of outstanding shares on July 15th or 1 million shares.

     If the merger was completed on           , 2002, the date of this joint
proxy statement-prospectus, the average closing price of Paradyne common stock
would be $          . Assuming that no adjustment was made to the exchange ratio
based on Elastic's net adjusted working capital prior to the merger, the
exchange ratio would be           . If the maximum number of shares of Elastic
common stock that could be outstanding prior to the merger were outstanding when
the merger is completed, Paradyne would be required to issue           shares of
Paradyne common stock in the merger. If, however, the average closing price of
Paradyne common stock used to calculate the exchange ratio was less than $2.73,
then the exchange ratio (assuming no working capital adjustment) would be 0.2692
and the maximum number of shares of Paradyne common stock issuable in the merger
would be 10,718,526 (assuming the exercise of all outstanding Elastic stock
options). Positive adjustments in the closing net adjusted working capital would
cause this number to increase.

     As a result, Paradyne may not have a sufficient number of shares of
authorized common stock to issue to Elastic stockholders in the merger.
Therefore, if this proposal is approved, the proposed amendment to the
certificate of incorporation will be filed and the authorized capital stock of
Paradyne will be increased to 85,000,000 shares of capital stock, 80,000,000 of
which will be designated as common stock and 5,000,000 of which will be
designated as preferred stock. The additional shares of Paradyne common stock
would have rights identical to the currently outstanding share of Paradyne
common stock. The preferred stock may be issued by the Paradyne board of
directors in one or more series with such designations, powers, preferences,
rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions as the board of directors
may determine. See "Description of Paradyne Capital Stock."

     Additional shares of Paradyne capital stock authorized pursuant to the
amendment to the certificate of incorporation and not issued in the merger or
otherwise reserved could be issued at the discretion of the Paradyne board of
directors without further action by Paradyne stockholders, except as required by
applicable law, regulation or rule, in connection with:

     - future acquisitions,
     - stock splits,
     - stock dividends,
     - equity financings,
     - employee benefit plans and
     - other corporate purposes.

     The issuance of shares of Paradyne capital stock, including the additional
shares, may, in certain situations, dilute the present equity ownership position
of current Paradyne stockholders. Although this proposal to increase the number
of authorized shares of capital stock has been prompted by business and
financial considerations, and not by the threat of any attempt to accumulate
shares and gain control of Paradyne, stockholders nevertheless should be aware
that the additional shares of Paradyne capital stock that would become available
for issuance if this proposal is adopted could also be used by Paradyne to
oppose a hostile takeover attempt or delay or prevent changes of control in
Paradyne or changes in or removal of management of Paradyne.

     For example, without further stockholder approval, the Paradyne board of
directors could sell shares of capital stock in a private transaction to
purchasers who oppose a takeover or favor the current board and management. Such
issuances may prevent transactions that are favored by the majority of the
independent stockholders or in which the stockholders might otherwise receive a
premium for their shares over the market price or benefit in some other manner.
As part of Paradyne's ongoing corporate development activities, Paradyne
considers acquisition opportunities on a regular basis. In this regard, it is
possible that Paradyne may identify and act on opportunities that would commit
Paradyne to issue additional shares of Paradyne capital stock. Paradyne cannot
offer assurance, however, that suitable potential transactions will be
identified or that any transaction will be completed. In that context, as of the
date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, Paradyne has no specific plans or
commitments that would involve the issuance of the additional shares, other than
pursuant to the merger agreement and Paradyne's various stock incentive plans.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD; VOTE REQUIRED FOR APPROVAL

     The Paradyne board of directors has determined that the proposed amendment
to Paradyne's amended and restated certificate of incorporation is advisable and
in the best interests of Paradyne and its stockholders. See "The
Merger -- Recommendation of the Paradyne Board and Reasons for the Merger."
ACCORDINGLY, THE PARADYNE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT PARADYNE
STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE AMENDMENT TO PARADYNE'S AMENDED AND
RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION.

     The proposal to adopt the amendment of Paradyne's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires the approval of the holders of at least
66 2/3% of the shares of Paradyne common stock outstanding on the record date.

     The form of the proposed amendment to Paradyne's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation is attached to this joint proxy
statement-prospectus as Annex J.

                                 OTHER MATTERS

     As of the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus, neither Paradyne's
nor Elastic's board of directors knows of any matters that will be presented for
consideration at the special meetings other than as described in this joint
proxy statement-prospectus. However, if any other matters properly come before
the special meetings or any adjournments or postponements of the special
meetings and are voted upon, the enclosed proxy will be deemed to confer
discretionary authority to the individuals named as proxies to

vote the shares represented by such proxies as to any such matters, including a
proposal to adjourn the special meetings in order to permit further solicitation
of proxies. No proxy holder, however, will vote any proxies voted against
approval of any of the proposals described in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus in favor of a proposal to adjourn the Paradyne or Elastic
special meeting to solicit additional proxies.

                             STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

     Whether or not the merger is completed as expected, Paradyne will hold an
annual stockholders' meeting in 2002. Elastic will only hold an annual
stockholders' meeting in 2002 if the merger is not completed.

     Paradyne 2002 Annual Meeting.  Under SEC rules, the January 1, 2002
deadline for including proposals of stockholders in Paradyne's proxy statement
and form of proxy for the 2002 annual meeting has passed.

     If a stockholder wishes to present a proposal at Paradyne's 2002 annual
meeting, and the proposal is not intended to be included in Paradyne's proxy
statement relating to that meeting, the stockholder must deliver written notice
of the proposal to Paradyne not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days before
the first anniversary of Paradyne's 2001 annual meeting. Assuming that
Paradyne's 2002 annual meeting is held on schedule, Paradyne must receive this
notice no earlier than February 13, 2002 and no later than March 15, 2002. If a
stockholder gives notice of a proposal after this deadline, the stockholder will
not be permitted to present the proposal to the stockholders for a vote at the
meeting. The requirements for submitting such proposals are set forth in
Paradyne's bylaws.

     All director nominations and other proposals of stockholders with regard to
the 2002 annual meeting should be submitted by certified mail, return receipt
requested, to Paradyne Networks, Inc., 8545 126th Avenue North, Largo, Florida
33773, Attention: Patrick M. Murphy, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary.

     Elastic 2002 Annual Meeting.  Under SEC rules, the November 23, 2001
deadline for including proposals of stockholders in Elastic's proxy statement
and form of proxy for the 2002 annual meeting has passed.

     If Elastic holds a 2002 annual meeting and a stockholder wishes to present
a proposal at that meeting, and the proposal is not intended to be included in
Elastic's proxy statement relating to that meeting, the stockholder must deliver
written notice of the proposal to Elastic by February 6, 2002. If a stockholder
gives notice of a proposal after this deadline, the stockholder will not be
permitted to present the proposal to the stockholders for a vote at the meeting.
The requirements for submitting such proposals are set forth in Elastic's
bylaws.

     All director nominations and other proposals of stockholders with regard to
Elastic's 2002 annual meeting should be submitted by certified mail, return
receipt requested, to Elastic Networks Inc., 6120 Windward Parkway, Suite 100,
Alpharetta, Georgia 30005, Attention: Secretary.

                                    EXPERTS

     The consolidated financial statements incorporated in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paradyne
Networks, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the audited financial
statements of Control Resources Corporation included on page 5 of Paradyne
Networks, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated June 28, 2000, have been so
incorporated in reliance on the reports of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
independent certified public accountants, given on the authority of said firm as
experts in auditing and accounting.

     The financial statements of Elastic Networks Inc. as of December 31, 2000
and 1999, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000
included in this joint proxy statement-prospectus have been audited by Deloitte
& Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their report appearing

herein and have been so included in reliance upon the report of such firm given
upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

                                    OPINIONS

     The legality of the shares of Paradyne common stock to be issued in the
merger will be passed upon by Alston & Bird LLP, Atlanta, Georgia.

     Certain tax consequences of the transaction will be passed upon for
Paradyne by Alston & Bird LLP, Atlanta, Georgia, and for Elastic by Hunton &
Williams, Atlanta, Georgia.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     Paradyne and Elastic file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information with the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. You may read and copy this information at the Public
Reference Section at the SEC at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Judiciary Plaza,
Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the
Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.

     The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and
information statements, and other information about issuers that file
electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. In
addition, you can read and copy this information at the regional offices of the
SEC at Woolworth Building, 233 Broadway, New York, New York 10279 and Citicorp
Center, 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661. You can
also inspect reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
about Paradyne and Elastic at the offices of the Nasdaq National Market, 20
Broad Street, New York, New York 10005.

     Paradyne filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating to the Paradyne common stock
offered to the Elastic stockholders. The registration statement contains
additional information about Paradyne, Elastic and the Paradyne common stock.
The SEC allows Paradyne to omit certain information included in the registration
statement from this joint proxy statement-prospectus. The registration statement
may be inspected and copied at the SEC's public reference facilities described
above.

     This joint proxy statement-prospectus incorporates important business and
financial information about Paradyne that is not included in or delivered with
this joint proxy statement-prospectus. The following documents filed with the
SEC by Paradyne are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement-
prospectus (SEC File No. 000-26485):

     (1) Paradyne's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         December 31, 2000;

     (2) Paradyne's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three months ended
         March 31, 2001, June 30, 2001 and September 30, 2001;

     (3) Paradyne's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 31, 2001, as
         amended by Paradyne's Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated January 8,
         2002;

     (4) Paradyne's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 1, 2000, as amended by
         Paradyne's Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated June 28, 2000;

     (5) Paradyne's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 16, 2002; and

     (6) The description of Paradyne common stock contained in Paradyne's
         registration statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on June 24, 1999,
         including any amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating
         Paradyne's common stock description.

     Paradyne also incorporates by reference additional documents filed by
Paradyne pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
after the date of this joint proxy statement-prospectus and prior to final
adjournment of the special meetings. Any statement contained in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
by reference in this joint proxy statement-prospectus shall be deemed to be
modified or superseded to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any
subsequently filed document which also is, or is deemed to be, incorporated by
reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement.

     You may obtain copies of the information incorporated by reference in this
joint proxy statement-prospectus upon written or oral request. The inside front
cover of this joint proxy statement-prospectus contains information about how
such requests should be made. ANY REQUEST FOR DOCUMENTS SHOULD BE MADE BY
          , 2002 TO ENSURE TIMELY DELIVERY OF THE DOCUMENTS.

     All information contained in this joint proxy statement-prospectus or
incorporated herein by reference with respect to Paradyne was supplied by
Paradyne, and all information contained in this joint proxy statement-prospectus
with respect to Elastic was supplied by Elastic.

          UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of
September 30, 2001 was prepared assuming the proposed merger was completed at
September 30, 2001. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2001 and the year ended
December 31, 2000 were derived assuming the merger was completed on January 1,
2000. These pro forma financial statements give effect to the acquisition by
Paradyne of Elastic in a transaction to be accounted for as a purchase. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is based on the
historical condensed financial statements of Paradyne and Elastic using the
assumptions and adjustments set forth in the accompanying notes. While Paradyne
believes that synergies and cost savings may result from the merger, the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information does
not give effect to the anticipated synergies or cost savings in connection with
the merger.

     The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information should be
read in conjunction with the historical financial statements and the related
notes of Paradyne included in Paradyne's SEC filings described under "Where You
Can Find More Information" and incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement-prospectus and the historical financial statements and the related
notes of Elastic beginning on page F-1 of this joint proxy statement-prospectus.
The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the combined
financial position and results of operations in the future, or of the combined
financial position and the results of operations which would have resulted had
the merger been completed during the periods or as of the dates for which the
pro forma information is presented.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET

                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                       HISTORICAL
                                                   ------------------    PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                                   PARADYNE   ELASTIC   ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                                   --------   -------   -----------      ---------

                                              ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents......................  $27,194    $32,288          --        $ 59,482
  Accounts receivable less allowance for doubtful
     accounts....................................   13,840      1,967          --          15,807
  Income tax receivables.........................      180         --          --             180
  Inventories....................................   17,932      5,988          --          23,920
  Prepaid & other current assets.................    1,976        941          --           2,917
                                                   -------    -------     -------        --------
     Total current assets........................   61,122     41,184     $    --         102,306
Property plant & equipment, less accumulated
  depreciation...................................   14,536      3,405          --          17,941
Other assets.....................................      503        102      18,541(3a)      19,146
                                                   -------    -------     -------        --------
     Total assets................................  $76,161    $44,691     $18,541        $139,393
                                                   =======    =======     =======        ========

                               LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable...............................  $ 8,308    $ 6,336                    $ 14,644
  Current portion of debt........................      537        231          --             768
  Payroll & benefit related liabilities..........    5,108         --         753(3d)       5,861
  Other current liabilities......................    6,217      9,687       2,747(3b,d)    18,651
                                                   -------    -------     -------        --------
     Total current liabilities...................   20,170     16,254       3,500          39,924
Long term liabilities............................      553        287          --             840
                                                   -------    -------     -------        --------
     Total liabilities...........................   20,723     16,541       3,500          40,764
Stockholders' equity:
     Total stockholders' equity..................   55,438     28,150      15,041(3c)      98,629
                                                   -------    -------     -------        --------
     Total liabilities and stockholders'
       equity....................................  $76,161    $44,691     $18,541        $139,393
                                                   =======    =======     =======        ========

 See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
                                  Information.

                         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
                        COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                     HISTORICAL
                                                 -------------------    PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                                 PARADYNE   ELASTIC    ADJUSTMENTS      COMBINED
                                                 --------   --------   -----------      ---------

Total revenues.................................  $ 95,559   $ 19,468     $    --        $115,027
Total cost of sales(1).........................    66,477     40,962          --         107,439
                                                 --------   --------     -------        --------
  Gross margin.................................    29,082    (21,494)         --           7,588
Research & development.........................    19,675      9,545        (157)(3d,     29,063
                                                                                f)
Selling, general & administrative..............    29,485     22,373        (240)(3d,     51,618
                                                                                f)
Impairment of intangible assets................     5,761         --          --           5,761
Restructuring charges..........................     3,807         --       1,862(3d)       5,669
                                                 --------   --------     -------        --------
  Operating loss...............................   (29,646)   (53,412)     (1,465)        (84,523)
                                                 --------   --------     -------        --------
Other (income) expense, net....................      (984)    (1,638)         --          (2,622)
                                                 --------   --------     -------        --------
  Net loss before provision for income tax.....   (28,662)   (51,774)     (1,465)        (81,901)
Benefit for income tax.........................        --         --          --              --
                                                 --------   --------     -------        --------
Net loss.......................................  $(28,662)  $(51,774)    $(1,465)       $(81,901)
                                                 ========   ========     =======        ========
Basic and diluted loss per share...............  $  (0.87)                              $  (2.08)
                                                 ========                               ========
Weighted-average common potential shares
  outstanding..................................    32,780                  6,637(3e)      39,417
                                                 ========                =======        ========

- ---------------

(1) Includes $10,905 and $23,998 of charges related to excess inventory on hand
    and on order for Paradyne and Elastic, respectively.

 See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
                                  Information.

                     UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
                            STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                               PRO FORMA(2)   HISTORICAL
                                               ------------   ----------    PRO FORMA      PRO FORMA
                                                 PARADYNE      ELASTIC     ADJUSTMENTS     COMBINED
                                               ------------   ----------   -----------     ---------

Total revenues...............................    $251,038      $ 40,152     $      --      $291,190
Total cost of sales(1).......................     184,696        36,246            --       220,942
                                                 --------      --------     ---------      --------
  Gross margin...............................      66,342         3,906            --        70,248
Research & development.......................      41,073        12,176           571(3f)    53,820
Selling, general & administrative............      62,068        30,916         1,381(3f)    94,365
Restructuring charges........................       1,371            --            --         1,371
                                                 --------      --------     ---------      --------
  Operating loss.............................     (38,170)      (39,186)       (1,952)      (79,308)
                                                 --------      --------     ---------      --------
Other (income) expense, net..................      (2,312)           85            --        (2,227)
                                                 --------      --------     ---------      --------
  Net loss before provision for income tax...     (35,858)      (39,271)       (1,952)      (77,081)
Benefit for income tax.......................        (619)           --            --          (619)
                                                 --------      --------     ---------      --------
Net loss.....................................    $(35,239)     $(39,271)    $  (1,952)     $(76,462)
                                                 ========      ========     =========      ========
Basic and diluted loss per share.............    $  (1.11)                                 $  (1.99)
                                                 ========                                  ========
Weighted-average common potential shares
  outstanding................................      31,768                       6,637(3e)    38,405
                                                 ========                   =========      ========

- ---------------

(1) Includes $34,931 of charges related to excess inventory on hand and on order
    for Paradyne.

(2) See page 107 for pro forma adjustments related to the CRC acquisition.

 See accompanying notes to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
                                  Information.

NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     This section sets forth (i) an unaudited pro forma condensed combined
balance sheet as of September 30, 2001 as if the merger were consummated at
September 30, 3001, (ii) an unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2001 and for the year ended
December 31, 2000 as if the merger were consummated on January 1, 2000, and
(iii) the related notes thereto. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information should be read in conjunction with the historical
financial statements and the related notes thereto of Paradyne included in
Paradyne's SEC filings described under "Where You Can Find More Information" and
incorporated by reference herein and the historical consolidated financial
statements and the related notes thereto of Elastic included beginning on page
F-1 of the joint proxy statement-prospectus.

     The merger will be accounted for as a purchase for financial accounting
purposes as required by SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations, in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. For purposes of
preparing Paradyne's consolidated financial statements, Paradyne will establish
a new basis for Elastic's assets and liabilities based upon their fair values,
the merger consideration and the cost of the merger. The final price paid by
Paradyne will depend on both the average closing price for Paradyne stock and
the closing net adjusted working capital. Paradyne believes that any excess cost
over fair value of the net