URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1042134/000101287001000359/0001012870-01-000359.txt

CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			950142217
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085176100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20400 STEVENS CREEK BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			950142217

S-4

0001.txt

FORM S-4

   As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2, 2001
                                                     Registration No. 333-
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C. 20549

                               ----------------

                                   FORM S-4
                            REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                          THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                               ----------------

                           CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.
            (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                               ----------------

        Delaware                       7372                       93-1051328

     (State or other
       jurisdiction        (Primary Standard Industrial        (I.R.S. Employer
   of incorporation or
      organization)        Classification Code Number)        Identification No.)

                               ----------------

                     20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Suite 400
                              Cupertino, CA 95014
                                (408) 517-6100
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                   registrant's principal executive offices)

                               ----------------

                               Samuel Spadafora
                           Chordiant Software, Inc.
               Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
                     20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Suite 400
                              Cupertino, CA 95014
                                (408) 517-6100
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)

                               ----------------

                                  Copies to:

        Suzanne Sawochka Hooper, Esq.                        John Burgess, Esq.
             Wendy L. Lee, Esq.                             Wendell Taylor, Esq.
             Cooley Godward LLP                              Hale and Dorr LLP
            Five Palo Alto Square                             60 State Street
             3000 El Camino Real                              Boston, MA 02109
             Palo Alto, CA 94306                               (617) 526-6000
               (650) 843-5000

                               ----------------

  Approximate date of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable
following the effectiveness of this Registration Statement and consummation of
the merger described herein.

  If the securities being registered on this Form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance
with General Instruction G, check the following box. [_]

  If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier
registration statement for the same offering. [_]

  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. [_]

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                        Proposed        Proposed
                                        Amount          Maximum          Maximum       Amount of
   Title of Each Class of                to be       Offering Price     Aggregate     Registration
Securities to be Registered          Registered(1)    Per Share(2)  Offering Price(2)    Fee(2)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, $0.001 par value..   14,257,906 shares     $3.84         $54,750,359     $13,687.59
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) This registration statement relates to common stock, par value $0.001 per
    share, of Chordiant Software, Inc. issuable to holders of common stock,
    par value $0.01, of Prime Response, Inc. in the proposed merger of Puccini
    Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chordiant, with and into
    Prime Response. The amount of Chordiant common stock to be registered has
    been determined by multiplying the exchange ratio (0.60 of a share of
    Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime Response common stock) by
    23,763,177 shares, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Prime
    Response common stock that would be outstanding prior to the merger,
    assuming the exercise of all outstanding Prime Response options and
    warrants (whether or not currently exercisable).

(2) The registration fee was calculated pursuant to Rule 457(f) as 0.00025
    multiplied by $3.84 (the average of the high and low prices of Chordiant
    common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on January 30, 2001),
    multiplied by 14,257,906 shares.

                               ----------------

THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES
AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME
EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION
8(a), MAY DETERMINE.

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[CHORDIANT LOGO]                                           [PRIME RESPONSE LOGO]

                        Special Meeting of Stockholders

                                Merger Proposed

   The boards of directors of Chordiant Software, Inc. and Prime Response, Inc.
have approved a merger combining Chordiant and Prime Response pursuant to the
terms and conditions of the merger agreement.

   If the merger is completed, holders of Prime Response common stock will
receive 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime
Response common stock they own. This is a fixed exchange ratio that will not be
adjusted for changes in the stock price of either company before the merger is
completed. Chordiant's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market
under the symbol "CHRD" and Prime Response's common stock is listed on the
Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "PRME."

   Stockholders of Chordiant will be asked, at Chordiant's special meeting of
stockholders, to approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock to
the stockholders of Prime Response in the merger. Stockholders of Prime
Response will be asked, at Prime Response's special meeting of stockholders, to
adopt the merger agreement.

   The dates, times and places of the special meetings are as follows:

   For Chordiant stockholders:              For Prime Response stockholders:

   [date], 2001                             [date], 2001
   9:00 a.m., local time                    9:00 a.m., local time
   Principal Offices of Chordiant           Offices of Hale and Dorr LLP
   20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Suite 400     60 State Street, 26th Floor
   Cupertino, CA 95014                      Boston, Massachusetts 02109

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus provides you with information about
Chordiant, Prime Response and the proposed merger. In addition, you may obtain
other information about Chordiant and Prime Response from documents filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. We encourage you to read the entire
joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully.

   [Sam Spadafora's signature]              [Terence Osborne's signature]

   Samuel T. Spadafora                      Terence H. Osborne
   Chairman of the Board                    Chairman of the Board
   Chordiant Software, Inc.                 Prime Response, Inc.

   For a discussion of significant matters that should be considered before
voting at the special meetings, see "Risk Factors" beginning on page 16.

   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of this transaction or the Chordiant
common stock to be issued in the merger or determined whether the joint proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.

   The joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated [     ,] 2001, and is first
being mailed to stockholders of Chordiant and Prime Response on or about
[     ,] 2001.

   The joint proxy statement/prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell,
or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, the securities offered by the joint
proxy statement/prospectus, or the solicitation of a proxy, in any jurisdiction
to or from any person to whom or from whom it is unlawful to make such offer,
solicitation of an offer or proxy solicitation in such jurisdiction. Neither
the delivery of the joint proxy statement/prospectus nor any distribution of
securities pursuant to the joint proxy statement/prospectus shall, under any
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the
information set forth in the joint proxy statement/prospectus or in the affairs
of Chordiant or Prime Response since the date of the joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.
                      20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Suite 400
                              Cupertino, CA 95014
                                 (408) 517-6100

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                           TO BE HELD ON [   ], 2001

To the stockholders of Chordiant Software, Inc.:

   A special meeting of stockholders of Chordiant Software, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, will be held on [    ], [  ], 2001 at 9:00 a.m., local time, at
the principal offices of Chordiant, 20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Suite 400,
Cupertino, CA 95014, for the following purposes:

  1. to consider and vote upon the issuance of shares of Chordiant common
     stock in the merger contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger and
     Reorganization, dated as of January 8, 2001, among Chordiant Software,
     Inc., Puccini Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of Chordiant, and Prime Response, Inc., a Delaware
     corporation; and

  2. to transact such other business as may properly come before the special
     meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

   The board of directors of Chordiant has fixed the close of business on [  ],
2001 as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any adjournment or
postponement thereof. Only holders of record of shares of Chordiant common
stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to notice of,
and to vote at, the special meeting. At the close of business on the record
date, Chordiant had outstanding and entitled to vote [      ] shares of common
stock.

   YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. THE AFFIRMATIVE VOTE OF THE HOLDERS OF A MAJORITY OF
THE VOTES CAST IS REQUIRED FOR APPROVAL OF THE ISSUANCE OF THE CHORDIANT SHARES
IN THE MERGER. EVEN IF YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE
REQUEST THAT YOU SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY, THUS ENSURING THAT YOUR
SHARES WILL BE REPRESENTED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO ATTEND.
IF YOU SIGN, DATE AND MAIL YOUR PROXY CARD WITHOUT INDICATING HOW YOU WISH TO
VOTE, YOUR PROXY WILL BE COUNTED AS A VOTE IN FAVOR OF THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES
OF CHORDIANT COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER. IF YOU FAIL TO RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD,
THE EFFECT WILL BE THAT YOUR SHARES WILL NOT BE COUNTED FOR PURPOSES OF
DETERMINING WHETHER A QUORUM IS PRESENT AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. IF YOU DO
ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING AND WISH TO VOTE IN PERSON, YOU MAY WITHDRAW YOUR
PROXY AND VOTE IN PERSON.

   CHORDIANT'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT CHORDIANT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE
"FOR" THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF CHORDIANT COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER.

   For more information about the merger, please review the accompanying joint
proxy statement/prospectus and the Agreement and Plan of Merger and
Reorganization attached to the joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          [SIGNATURE]

                                          Samuel T. Spadafora

                                          CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHAIRMAN
                                           OF THE BOARD
                                          CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

Cupertino, California
[   ,] 2001

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.
                             150 CambridgePark Dr.
                              Cambridge, MA 02140
                                 (617) 876-8300

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                          TO BE HELD ON [     ], 2001

To the stockholders of Prime Response, Inc.:

   A special meeting of stockholders of Prime Response, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, will be held on [   ], 2001 at 9:00 a.m., local time, at the
offices of Hale and Dorr LLP, 26th Floor, 60 State Street, Boston,
Massachusetts 02109, for the purpose of considering and voting upon a proposal
to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of
January 8, 2001, by and among Chordiant Software, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
Puccini Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Chordiant, and Prime Response, Inc., pursuant to which, among other things,
Puccini Acquisition Corp. will merge with and into Prime Response, Prime
Response will survive the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chordiant and
holders of outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock will become
entitled to receive 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock for each share of
Prime Response common stock they hold. Prime Response will transact no other
business at the special meeting.

   The Prime Response board of directors has fixed the close of business on
[    ], 2001 as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any adjournment or
postponement thereof. Only holders of record of shares of Prime Response common
stock at the close of business on the record date are entitled to notice of,
and to vote at, the special meeting. At the close of business on the record
date, Prime Response had outstanding and entitled to vote [     ] shares of
common stock.

   YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. THE AFFIRMATIVE VOTE OF THE HOLDERS OF A MAJORITY OF
THE OUTSTANDING SHARES OF PRIME RESPONSE COMMON STOCK AS OF THE RECORD DATE IS
REQUIRED FOR ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT. EVEN IF YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE
SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE REQUEST THAT YOU SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED
PROXY CARD, THUS ENSURING THAT YOUR SHARES WILL BE REPRESENTED AT THE SPECIAL
MEETING. IF YOU SIGN, DATE AND MAIL YOUR PROXY CARD WITHOUT INDICATING HOW YOU
WISH TO VOTE, YOUR PROXY WILL BE COUNTED AS A VOTE IN FAVOR OF ADOPTION OF THE
MERGER AGREEMENT. IF YOU FAIL TO RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD, IT WILL HAVE THE SAME
EFFECT AS VOTING AGAINST THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

   YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR PROXY IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AT ANYTIME BEFORE YOUR SHARES HAVE BEEN VOTED AT THE
SPECIAL MEETING OF PRIME RESPONSE STOCKHOLDERS. YOU MAY ATTEND THE SPECIAL
MEETING AND VOTE IN PERSON EVEN IF YOU HAVE RETURNED YOUR SIGNED PROXY.

   PRIME RESPONSE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT
AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO, AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF, PRIME
RESPONSE AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS AND RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" THE ADOPTION
OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

   For more information about the merger, please review the accompanying joint
proxy statement/prospectus and the Agreement and Plan of Merger and
Reorganization attached to the joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A.
Please do not send any stock certiFicates at this time.

                                        By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                        [SIGNATURE]

                                        Terence H. Osborne
                                        CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
                                        PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

Cambridge, Massachusetts
[      ,] 2001

                               page 46)

  A: Chordiant and Prime Response are proposing to merge because we believe
     the resulting combination will create a stronger, more competitive
     company capable of achieving greater financial strength, earning power,
     growth potential, operational efficiencies and technological
     development, than either company would have been able to achieve on its
     own.

 2.Q:  As a Prime Response stockholder, what will I receive in the merger? (see
       page 68)

  A: As a result of the merger, Prime Response stockholders will receive 0.60
     of a share of Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime Response
     common stock that they own, except that Prime Response stockholders will
     receive a cash payment in lieu of any fractional share of Chordiant
     common stock they would otherwise be entitled to receive. For example,
     if you own 212 shares of Prime Response common stock, you will receive
     in exchange for your Prime Response shares, 127 shares of Chordiant
     common stock and a cash payment equal to the value of 0.20 of a share of
     Chordiant common stock, based on the closing price of Chordiant common
     stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the date the merger is completed.
     The 0.60 exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted based upon
     changes in the value of Prime Response or Chordiant common stock. As a
     result, the value of the Chordiant shares you will receive in the merger
     will not be known before the completion of the merger and will go up or
     down as the market price of Chordiant common stock goes up or down. You
     are encouraged to obtain current market quotations of Prime Response and
     Chordiant common stock.

 3.Q:  What do I need to do now? (see pages 35 and 38)

  A: You should read this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully,
     including its annexes, and consider how the merger will affect you. Then
     you should mail your signed proxy card in the enclosed return envelope
     as soon as possible, so that your shares can be voted at the special
     meeting of Chordiant stockholders or the special meeting of Prime
     Response stockholders.

 4.Q:  What happens if I do not return a proxy card or vote in person? (see
       pages 36 and 39)

  A: The failure to return your proxy card or vote in person could be a
     factor in establishing quorums for the special meetings of Chordiant and
     Prime Response stockholders. The special meetings of stockholders for
     both companies can only take place if a quorum is established. Also,
     abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as votes
     "AGAINST" the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger
     or "AGAINST" the adoption of the merger agreement, as the case may be.
     In addition, the failure of a Chordiant stockholder to return a proxy or
     to vote in person will have the effect of a vote "AGAINST" the proposal
     to issue shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger. If you are a
     Prime Response stockholder, the failure to return your proxy card or
     vote in person will have the same effect as voting "AGAINST" the
     adoption of the merger agreement.

 5.Q:  What happens if I return a signed and dated proxy card but do not
       indicate how to vote my proxy? (see pages 35 and 38)

  A: If you are a Chordiant stockholder and do not include instructions on
     how to vote your properly signed and dated proxy, your shares will be
     voted "FOR" the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in the
     merger. If you are a Prime Response stockholder and do not include
     instructions on how to vote your properly signed and dated proxy, your
     shares will be voted "FOR" the adoption of the merger agreement.

 6.Q:  May I vote in person? (see pages 35 and 38)

  A: Yes. You may attend the special meeting of the Chordiant stockholders or
     the special meeting of the Prime Response stockholders, as the case may
     be, and vote your shares in person, rather than signing, dating and
     returning your proxy card.

 7.Q:  May I change my vote after I have mailed my signed and dated proxy card?
       (see pages 35 and 38)

  A: Yes. You may change your vote at any time before your proxy card is
     voted at either the Chordiant special meeting or the Prime Response
     special meeting. You can do this in one of three ways. First, you can
     send a written, dated notice stating that you would like to revoke your
     proxy card. Second, you can complete, date and submit a new proxy card.
     Third, you can attend the meeting and vote in person. Your attendance
     alone will not revoke your proxy card. If you have instructed a broker
     to vote your shares, you must follow directions provided by your broker
     to change your instructions.

 8.Q:  If my shares are held in "street name" by my broker, will my broker vote
       my shares for me? (see pages 35 and 38)

  A: Your broker will not be able to vote your shares without instructions
     from you. You should instruct your broker to vote your shares, following
     the procedure provided by your broker.

 9.Q:  What does the Chordiant board of directors recommend? (see page 46)

  A: The Chordiant board of directors has approved the merger agreement and
     the merger and recommends that Chordiant stockholders vote "FOR" the
     issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger.

10.Q:  What does the Prime Response board of directors recommend? (see page 48)

  A: The Prime Response board of directors has approved the merger agreement
     and the merger and recommends that Prime Response stockholders vote
     "FOR" the adoption of the merger agreement.

11.Q:  Should I send in my Prime Response stock certificates now? (see page 68)

  A: No. If you are a Prime Response stockholder, after the merger is
     completed, you will receive written instructions for exchanging the
     certificates representing your shares of Prime Response common stock for
     certificates representing shares of Chordiant common stock. You will
     also receive a cash payment in lieu of any fractional share of Chordiant
     common stock you would otherwise be entitled to receive.

12.Q:  When is the merger expected to be completed? (see page 75)

  A: The parties are working towards completing the merger as quickly as
     possible. In addition to stockholder approval, each of Chordiant and
     Prime Response must satisfy or waive all of the closing conditions
     contained in the merger agreement. The parties hope to complete the
     merger promptly after the Chordiant and Prime Response special
     stockholder meetings.

13.Q:  Will the merger trigger the recognition of gain or loss for United
       States federal income tax purposes? (see page 64)

  A: The merger has been structured as a reorganization for United States
     federal income tax purposes. Prime Response stockholders will not
     recognize gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes by
     exchanging their Prime Response shares for any Chordiant shares in the
     merger.

     However, Prime Response stockholders will recognize a gain or loss on
     any cash received in lieu of a fractional share of Chordiant common
     stock. Chordiant and Prime Response will receive legal opinions to this
     effect as a condition of closing the merger. Tax matters are very
     complicated and the tax consequences to Prime Response stockholders will
     depend on each stockholder's own circumstances. Each Prime Response
     stockholder should consult with his, her or its tax advisor for a full
     understanding of the tax consequences of the merger to that stockholder.

14.Q: Am I entitled to dissenters' or appraisal rights? (see pages 36 and 39)

  A: No, Chordiant stockholders and Prime Response stockholders are not
     entitled to dissenters' or appraisal rights in connection with the
     merger.

15.Q: Who can help answer my additional questions? (see page 175)

  A: If you would like additional copies, without charge, of this joint proxy
     statement/prospectus or if you have questions about the merger,
     including the procedures for voting your shares, you should contact:

  CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC., 20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Cupertino, CA 95014,
  Attention: Investor Relations, Phone Number: (408) 517-6290, E-mail:
  ir@chordiant.com

   OR

  PRIME RESPONSE, INC., 150 CambridgePark Dr., Cambridge, MA 02140,
  Attention: Investor Relations, Phone Number (617) 876-8300, E-mail:
  ir@primeresponse.com

                                    SUMMARY

   This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should read carefully this entire joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the documents referred to in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus for a more complete description of the terms of the merger
and related transactions. The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and additional documents relating to the
transaction are also attached hereto. You are encouraged to read the merger
agreement as it is the legal document that governs the merger, as well as these
additional documents. This section includes page references in parentheses to
direct you to a more complete description of the topics presented in this
summary.

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

   Certain of the information relating to Chordiant and Prime Response and the
combined company contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is forward-
looking in nature. All statements included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or made by management of Chordiant or Prime Response other
than statements of historical fact regarding Chordiant or Prime Response are
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Examples of forward-looking
statements include statements regarding Chordiant's, Prime Response's or the
combined company's future financial results, operating results, products,
business strategies, projected costs, projected expense reductions, competitive
positions and plans and objectives of management for future operations. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology, such as
"may," "will," "should," "would," "expects," "plans," "anticipates,"
"believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential" or "continue" or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology. Any expectations based on these
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other
important factors, including those discussed in the "Risk Factors" section of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. These and many other factors could
affect the future financial and operating results of Chordiant, Prime Response
or the combined company. These factors could cause actual results to differ
materially from expectations based on forward-looking statements made in this
document or elsewhere by or on behalf of Chordiant or Prime Response.

THE COMPANIES

Chordiant Software, Inc. (Page 82)
20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Suite 400
Cupertino, CA 95014
(408) 517-6100

   Chordiant provides customer relationship management infrastructure software
to enable large business to consumer companies to offer their customers
personalized marketing, sales programs, e-business services and customer
support across multiple communication channels. These channels include the
Internet, e-mail systems, automated telephony self-service systems, and
customer service representatives in call centers and retail branch outlets.
Chordiant believes that companies that use organization-wide customer
information to provide consistent customer support through all channels of
customer contact will be able to compete more successfully in the rapidly
changing Internet economy. Chordiant's software products are comprised of a
suite of applications, including standard business services, a workflow engine
and enterprise integration services supporting network, telephony, and data
management connections. It also connects with existing databases and computer
systems. Chordiant's products are typically licensed to its customers as a
complete customer relationship management infrastructure system. The software
is designed to enable companies to develop a comprehensive single view of the
customer; use automated, sophisticated decision making processes; offer their
customers consistent experiences across multiple communications channels; and
utilize standard and customizable business services.

   Chordiant maintains a Website on the Internet at www.chordiant.com.
Information found at Chordiant's Website is not a part of this document.
Chordiant was incorporated in California in March 1991 and was reincorporated
in Delaware in October 1997.

Prime Response, Inc. (Page 124)
150 CambridgePark Dr.
Cambridge, MA 02140
(617) 876-8300

   Prime Response is a provider of integrated relationship marketing software
solutions that enable businesses with large customer bases to create, execute
and refine highly targeted Internet, wireless and traditional marketing
campaigns that build more loyal and profitable customer relationships. Prime
Response's software solutions leverage Prime Response's 13 years of experience
in the design, implementation and management of marketing campaigns to create
optimized and tailored business to client interactions that draw on all of the
business data held by its clients regarding their customers, including
information generated by its clients' sales, marketing, service and accounting
organizations. Prime Response's products are designed to help its clients to
more effectively market and sell to their customers by delivering more
personalized marketing messages over the customers' preferred marketing
channel, whether it is the Internet, wireless or traditional.

   In October 1997, shortly after Prime Response was incorporated in the state
of Delaware, Prime Response reorganized and purchased all of the issued and
outstanding ordinary shares of Prime Response Limited, a company incorporated
in the United Kingdom in 1987.

   Prime Response maintains a site on the Internet at www.primeresponse.com.
Information found at Prime Response's Website is not a part of this document.

MERGER STRUCTURE; EXCHANGE RATIO (Page 68)

   If the merger is completed, a subsidiary of Chordiant will merge with and
into Prime Response and Prime Response will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Chordiant. Upon completion of the merger, Prime Response stockholders will
become entitled to receive 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock in
exchange for each share of Prime Response common stock that they own at the
time of the completion of the merger, except that Prime Response stockholders
will receive cash in lieu of any fractional share of Chordiant common stock
they would otherwise be entitled to receive. We refer in this document to the
0.60 ratio by which shares of Chordiant common stock are to be exchanged in the
merger for shares of Prime Response common stock as the "exchange ratio."

   The exchange ratio is fixed. Regardless of fluctuations in the market prices
of Chordiant's or Prime Response's common stock, the exchange ratio will not
change between now and the date that the merger is completed. Neither Prime
Response nor Chordiant has the right to terminate the merger agreement or
renegotiate the exchange ratio as a result of market price fluctuations. You
are encouraged to obtain current market quotations of Prime Response and
Chordiant common stock.

COMPARATIVE PER COMMON SHARE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION (Page 10)

   Chordiant common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CHRD." Prime Response common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol "PRME." On January 8, 2001, the last full trading day
prior to the public announcement of the proposed merger, Chordiant common stock
closed at $2.75 per share and Prime Response common stock closed at $1.69 per
share. On [     ], 2001, the last full trading day prior to the printing of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Chordiant common stock closed at $[   ]
per share, and Prime Response common stock closed at $[    ] per share.
Immediately following the completion of the merger, Prime Response common stock
will cease to be quoted on the Nasdaq National Market.

TAX MATTERS (Page 64)

   The exchange of shares of Prime Response common stock for shares of
Chordiant common stock in the merger is intended to be tax-free to Prime
Response stockholders for United States federal income tax purposes. However,
Prime Response stockholders will recognize a gain or loss on any cash received
in lieu of a fractional share of Chordiant common stock. Each Prime Response
stockholder's tax basis in the shares of Chordiant common stock that he, she or
it is to receive in the merger will equal such stockholder's current tax basis
in his, her or its Prime Response common stock, reduced by the basis allocable
to any fractional share interest for which he, she or it receives cash.

   TAX MATTERS CAN BE COMPLICATED, AND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO
PRIME RESPONSE STOCKHOLDERS WILL DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF THEIR OWN SITUATION.
PRIME RESPONSE STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS TO FULLY
UNDERSTAND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO THEM.

REASONS FOR THE MERGER

   Chordiant (Page 46). Chordiant's primary reasons for seeking to complete the
merger with Prime Response are the beliefs of the board of directors and
management of Chordiant that the merger could result in a number of benefits to
Chordiant, including the following:

  .  entry into new strategic market segments for Chordiant, with the
     potential for growth through an established market leader;

  .  the ability of the combined company to offer existing and potential
     customers complementary and expanded product lines;

  .  Prime Response's marketing software applications, technologies and
     technical, engineering and sales expertise, which are in high demand and
     in short supply; and

  .  the ability of the two companies to combine their technological
     resources to develop new and improved products and additional
     applications.

   Prime Response (Page 48). Prime Response's board of directors believes that
the merger could be beneficial to Prime Response and its stockholders for a
number of reasons, including the following:

  .  the merger would provide Prime Response stockholders with shares of
     Chordiant common stock in a tax-free exchange for United States federal
     income tax purposes at an implied premium over the market price for
     Prime Response common stock at the time the merger agreement was entered
     into;

  .  the availability following the merger of greater resources to continue
     to establish and support sales of both companies' products;

  .  the ability to make greater resources available for the distribution of
     Prime Response's products and services;

  .  enabling the combined company to offer complementary product lines,
     which presents the opportunity to increase the breadth of products and
     services offered;

  .  the enhanced ability of the combined company to offer product offerings
     with more comprehensive features and functionality, in order to be
     better positioned as the competitive market evolves and competitive
     products are introduced; and

  .  the ability of the combined enterprise to better attract experienced and
     required personnel, particularly in sales and marketing, in light of the
     combined enterprise's greater available resources and geographic
     presence.

RECOMMENDATION TO STOCKHOLDERS

   To Chordiant Stockholders (Page 48). The Chordiant board of directors
believes that the merger is advisable and fair to the Chordiant stockholders
and in Chordiant's best interests. The Chordiant board of directors recommends
that Chordiant stockholders vote "FOR" the issuance of shares of Chordiant
common stock in the merger.

   To Prime Response Stockholders (Page 50). The Prime Response board of
directors believes that the merger is advisable and fair to Prime Response
stockholders and in Prime Response's best interests. The Prime Response board
of directors recommends that Prime Response stockholders vote "FOR" the
adoption of the merger agreement.

OPINIONS OF FINANCIAL ADVISORS

   Opinion of Chordiant's Financial Advisor (Page 50). In deciding to approve
the merger, one of the factors that the Chordiant board of directors considered
was the opinion of its financial advisor, Thomas Weisel Partners LLC, that, as
of January 4, 2001, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was
fair to Chordiant from a financial point of view. The full text of the Thomas
Weisel Partners opinion describes the basis of this opinion and is attached as
Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Chordiant urges you to read
the entire opinion carefully.

   Opinion of Prime Response's Financial Advisor (Page 55). In deciding to
approve the merger, one of the factors that the Prime Response board of
directors considered was the opinion of its financial advisor, Robertson
Stephens, Inc., dated January 5, 2001, that, as of the date of the opinion and
subject to and based on the assumptions, limitations and qualifications
referred to in the opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement
was fair to the holders of Prime Response common stock from a financial point
of view. The full text of the Robertson Stephens opinion describes the basis
for its opinion and is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Prime Response urges you to read the entire opinion
carefully.

THE SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

   The Chordiant Special Meeting (Page 35)

   Time, Date and Place. A special meeting of stockholders of Chordiant will be
held on [    ], [      ], 2001, at 9:00 a.m., local time, at the principal
offices of Chordiant, 20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Suite 400, Cupertino, CA 95014
to vote on the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger.

   Record Date and Voting Power for Chordiant. You are entitled to vote at the
special meeting if you owned shares of Chordiant common stock at the close of
business on [    ], 2001, the record date for the special meeting. You will
have one vote at the special meeting for each share of Chordiant common stock
you owned at the close of business on the record date. There are [    ] shares
of Chordiant common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.

   Chordiant Required Vote. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the votes cast is required for the approval of the issuance of Chordiant
shares in the merger.

   Share Ownership of Management. At the close of business on the record date,
the directors and officers of Chordiant owned approximately [  ]% of the shares
entitled to vote at the special meeting.

   The Prime Response Special Meeting (Page 38)

   Time, Date and Place. A special meeting of the stockholders of Prime
Response will be held on [   ], [     ], 2001 at 9:00 a.m., local time, at the
offices of Hale and Dorr LLP, 26th Floor, 60 State Street, Boston,
Massachusetts 02109, to vote on the adoption of the merger agreement.

   Record Date and Voting Power. You are entitled to vote at the special
meeting if you owned shares of Prime Response common stock at the close of
business on [    ], 2001, the record date for the special meeting. You will
have one vote at the special meeting for each share of Prime Response common
stock you owned at the close of business on the record date. As of the record
date, there were [    ] outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock
entitled to be voted at the special meeting.

   Prime Response Required Vote. The adoption of the merger agreement requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Prime Response common stock
outstanding at the close of business on the record date.

   Share Ownership of Management. As of the close of business on the record
date, the directors and executive officers of Prime Response and their
affiliates owned approximately [   ]% of the shares entitled to vote at the
special meeting.

VOTING AGREEMENTS (Page 81)

   The affiliated entities of a principal stockholder of Prime Response whose
representatives sit on the board of directors of Prime Response have agreed,
pursuant to the terms of voting agreements executed in favor of Chordiant, to
vote 8,192,828 shares of Prime Response common stock in favor of the adoption
of the merger agreement. As of the record date, the number of shares subject to
voting agreements is approximately 40% of the outstanding shares of common
stock of Prime Response.

INTERESTS OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE MERGER (Page 62)

   When considering the recommendation by the Chordiant board of directors and
the Prime Response board of directors, you should be aware that a number of
Chordiant's officers and directors and Prime Response's officers and directors
have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, those
of other Chordiant stockholders or Prime Response stockholders.

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER (Page 75)

   The obligation of each of Chordiant and Prime Response to complete the
merger is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Either Chordiant
or Prime Response may choose to waive conditions to the other party's
performance of the conditions of closing and complete the merger, as long as
the law allows it to do so.

TERMINATION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT (Page 79)

   Each of Chordiant and Prime Response is entitled to terminate the merger
agreement under certain circumstances. Under certain of those circumstances,
Prime Response may become obligated to pay Chordiant a nonrefundable fee equal
to $1.0 million, plus reimbursement of expenses incurred by Chordiant in
connection with the merger up to $2.0 million. See "Expenses and Termination
Fee" below.

LIMITATION ON CONSIDERING OTHER ACQUISITION PROPOSALS (Page 74)

   Prime Response has agreed not to discuss or negotiate a business combination
or other similar transaction with a third party while the merger is pending
unless the third party has made an unsolicited, bona fide written proposal to
the Prime Response board of directors for a superior transaction.

EXPENSES AND TERMINATION FEE (Page 80)

   If the merger agreement is terminated by Chordiant or Prime Response because
the merger has not been consummated by June 30, 2001 or the Prime Response
stockholders have failed to approve the merger at the

special meeting of Prime Response stockholders and at or prior to the time of
termination of the merger agreement in both these circumstances, another
acquisition proposal has been disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted or
made or if the merger agreement is terminated by Chordiant because a
"triggering event" occurs (as such phrase is defined in the merger agreement),
Prime Response must reimburse Chordiant up to $2.0 million in expenses incurred
in connection with the merger (including attorneys' fees, accountants' fees,
financial advisory fees and filing fees) and must pay Chordiant a termination
fee of $1.0 million.

ANTICIPATED ACCOUNTING TREATMENT (Page 66)

   The merger is expected to be accounted for as a purchase under U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.

NO DISSENTERS' OR APPRAISAL RIGHTS (Pages 36 and 39)

   Chordiant and Prime Response stockholders will not be entitled to exercise
dissenters' or appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

              COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

   Chordiant common stock and Prime Response common stock are listed on the
Nasdaq National Market under the symbols "CHRD" and "PRME," respectively. This
table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the range of high and low per
share closing sales prices for Chordiant common stock and Prime Response common
stock as reported on Nasdaq.

                                                                      Prime
                                                      Chordiant     Response
                                                    Common Stock  Common Stock
                                                         (1)           (2)
                                                    ------------- -------------
                                                     Low    High   Low    High
                                                    ------ ------ ------ ------

   Year Ended December 31, 2000
     First quarter................................. $16.25 $39.44 $15.25 $30.13
     Second quarter................................   5.44  16.63   3.31  18.13
     Third quarter.................................   7.38  17.98   4.00  10.63
     Fourth quarter................................   1.88   8.00   0.69   4.50
   Year Ended December 31, 2001
     First quarter (until [    ], 2001)............

- --------
(1) Chordiant common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq National Market on
    February 15, 2000.

(2) Prime Response common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq National Market
    on March 3, 2000.

   As of the record date, there were approximately [    ] record holders of
Chordiant common stock, and there were approximately [    ] record holders of
Prime Response common stock. Neither Chordiant nor Prime Response has ever paid
cash dividends on its common stock. Chordiant and Prime Response intend to
retain earnings, if any, to support the development of their respective
businesses and neither anticipates paying cash dividends for the foreseeable
future. Following the completion of the merger, Chordiant common stock will
continue to be listed on the Nasdaq National Market, and there will be no
further market for Prime Response common stock.

Recent Closing Prices

   The following table sets forth the closing per share sale prices of
Chordiant common stock and Prime Response common stock as reported on the
Nasdaq National Market and the estimated equivalent per share price, as
explained below, of Prime Response common stock on January 8, 2001, the last
full trading day before the public announcement of the proposed merger, and on
[    ], 2001, the latest full trading day before the printing of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus:

                                                            Estimated Equivalent
                                 Chordiant   Prime Response    Prime Response
                                Common Stock  Common Stock    Per Share Price
                                ------------ -------------- --------------------

   January 8, 2001.............    $2.75         $1.69             $1.65
   [    ], 2001................    $             $                 $

   The estimated equivalent per share price of Prime Response common stock
equals the exchange ratio of 0.60 multiplied by the price of a share of
Chordiant common stock on the applicable date. If the merger had occurred on
[    ], 2001, you would have received a fraction of a share of Chordiant common
stock worth $[    ] on such date for each share of Prime Response common stock
you owned. Because the exchange ratio is fixed at 0.60 of a share of Chordiant
common stock for each share of Prime Response common stock and the market price
of Chordiant common stock is subject to fluctuation, the market value of the
shares of Chordiant common stock that holders of Prime Response common stock
will receive in the merger may increase or decrease prior to and following the
merger. We urge you to obtain current market quotations for Chordiant common
stock and Prime Response common stock. No assurance can be given as to the
future prices or markets for Chordiant common stock or Prime Response common
stock.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                         SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

   You should read the following summary financial data together with
"Chordiant Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and the accompanying consolidated financial statements
and related notes of Chordiant which are included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

                                                            Nine Months Ended
                               Year Ended December 31,        September 30,
                              ----------------------------  ------------------
                                1997      1998      1999      1999      2000
                              --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
                                                               (unaudited)

Consolidated Statement of
 Operations Data:
Total net revenues........... $  2,908  $ 12,465  $ 17,588  $ 12,247  $ 22,109
Gross profit.................    1,244     2,966     2,147     2,066     7,267
Loss from operations.........  (11,923)  (17,880)  (22,351)  (14,759)  (31,378)
Net loss..................... $(11,593) $(17,440) $(23,137) $(15,436) $(29,090)
Net loss per share:
  Basic and diluted.......... $  (2.31) $  (3.44) $  (4.34) $  (2.93) $  (0.90)
  Weighted average shares
   used in computing basic
   and diluted net loss per
   share.....................    5,009     5,075     5,327     5,264    32,207

                                                    As of
                                                December 31,          As of
                                              ------------------  September 30,
                                                1998      1999        2000
                                              --------  --------  -------------
                                                                   (unaudited)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
Cash and cash equivalents...................  $  1,713  $  6,719    $ 53,985
Working capital (deficit)...................   (10,162)    1,833      68,402
Total assets................................    11,521    22,086     101,977
Short-term and long-term borrowings.........     1,687    13,225         902
Deferred revenue short-term and long-term...     5,719    10,196      23,995
Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred
 stock......................................    28,949    51,609         --
Stockholders' equity (deficit)..............   (37,604)  (57,782)     68,980

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                         SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

   You should read the following summary financial data together with "Prime
Response Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" and the accompanying consolidated financial statements
and related notes of Prime Response which are included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

                                                            Nine Months Ended
                                Year Ended December 31,       September 30,
                               ---------------------------  ------------------
                                1997      1998      1999      1999      2000
                               -------  --------  --------  --------  --------
                                                                   (unaudited)

Consolidated Statement of
 Operations Data:
Total net revenues...........  $10,182  $ 16,536  $ 20,522  $ 13,067  $ 23,506
Gross profit.................    5,124     7,430    13,111     7,643    14,901
Loss from operations.........   (2,007)  (14,440)  (17,777)  (12,938)  (20,461)
Net loss.....................   (2,245)  (14,603)  (20,419)  (15,521)  (19,100)
Preferred stock dividends and
 recognition of beneficial
 conversion feature on
 preferred stock.............     (607)   (2,015)   (5,034)   (4,356)  (41,234)
Net loss attributable to
 common stockholders.........  $(2,852) $(16,618) $(25,453) $(19,877) $(60,334)
Net loss per share available
 to common stockholders:
  Basic and diluted..........  $ (2.43) $  (2.36) $  (3.44) $  (2.72) $  (3.45)
  Weighted average shares
   used in computing basic
   and diluted net loss per
   share.....................    1,173     7,035     7,405     7,318    17,486

                                            As of December 31,        As of
                                            --------------------  September 30,
                                              1998       1999         2000
                                            ---------  ---------  -------------
                                                                   (unaudited)

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents.................  $     530  $   3,999     $32,058
Working capital (deficit).................         62     (1,280)     30,445
Total assets..............................     10,152     25,515      54,808
Short-term and long-term debt and capital
 lease obligations........................        973      2,600          90
Redeemable convertible preferred stock and
 redeemable common stock..................     35,536     51,371          --
Stockholders' equity (deficit)............    (32,860)   (44,496)     40,051

                     SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
                         COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

   The Summary Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Information is
derived from the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Information,
which give effect to the merger as a purchase and should be read in conjunction
with such Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed financial statements and the
notes thereto included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheet gives effect to the
proposed acquisition of Prime Response as if it occurred on September 30, 2000
and combines the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet of Chordiant as of
September 30, 2000 and the Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet of Prime
Response as of September 30, 2000. The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed
Statement of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 gives
effect to the Prime Response acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1,
1999 and presents the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of
Operations of Chordiant for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 combined
with the Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Operations of Prime Response for
the nine months ended September 30, 2000. The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
Condensed Statement of Operations of Chordiant includes the unaudited
historical results of operations of Chordiant for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000 combined with the unaudited results of operations of White
Spider Software, Inc. for the period from January 1, 2000 to July 18, 2000 as
if the White Spider acquisition occurred on January 1, 1999.

   The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of Operations for the
year ended December 31, 1999 gives effect to the Prime Response acquisition as
if it had occurred on January 1, 1999 and presents the Unaudited Pro Forma
Combined Condensed Statement of Operations of Chordiant for the year ended
December 31, 1999 combined with the consolidated statement of operations of
Prime Response for the year ended December 31, 1999. The Unaudited Pro Forma
Combined Condensed Statement of Operations of Chordiant includes the historical
results of operations of Chordiant for the year ended December 31, 1999
combined with the results of operations of White Spider for the year ended
December 31, 1999 as if the White Spider acquisition occurred on January 1,
1999.

   The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Information is based on
estimates and assumptions, which are preliminary and have been made solely for
purposes of developing such pro forma information. The pro forma information is
presented for illustrative purposes only and is neither necessarily indicative
of the operating results or financial position that would have occurred if the
merger had been consummated on January 1, 1999, nor is it necessarily
indicative of the future operating results or financial condition of Chordiant
following the merger.

   The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Information should be
read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements of
Chordiant and Prime Response and related notes thereto, and "Chordiant
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and "Prime Response Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                                   Nine Months
                                                      Year Ended      Ended
                                                     December 31, September 30,
                                                         1999         2000
                                                     ------------ -------------
                                                     (in thousands, except per
                                                            share data)

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of
 Operations Data:
Total net revenues..................................   $ 38,122     $ 45,651
Gross profit........................................     15,056       22,093
Amortization of intangible assets...................      5,428        3,491
Loss from operations................................    (44,814)     (55,516)
Net loss............................................    (48,242)     (51,868)
Net loss attributable to common stockholders........   $(53,276)    $(93,102)
Net loss per share:
 Basic and diluted..................................   $  (2.97)    $  (2.08)
 Weighted average shares used in computing basic and
  diluted net loss per share........................     17,966       44,751

                                                                      As of
                                                                  September 30,

                                                                  --------------
                                                                  (in thousands)

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents........................................    $ 86,043
Short-term investments...........................................      12,564
Working capital..................................................      93,307
Goodwill and identifiable intangibles, net.......................      15,838
Total assets.....................................................     162,531
Short-term and long-term borrowings..............................         902
Short-term and long-term deferred revenue........................      26,501
Total stockholders' equity.......................................    $109,237

                           COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA

   The following table sets forth certain historical per share data of
Chordiant and Prime Response and combined per share data on an unaudited pro
forma basis after giving effect to the proposed merger, assuming that 0.60
share of Chordiant common stock will be issued in exchange for one share of
Prime Response common stock in the merger. This data should be read in
conjunction with the selected consolidated historical financial information,
the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial Information, and the
separate consolidated historical financial statements of Chordiant and Prime
Response and notes thereto (which are included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus). The Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial data are not
necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have been achieved
had the merger been consummated as of the beginning of the periods presented
and should not be construed as representative of future operating results or
financial condition.

                                                                  Nine Months
                                                     Year Ended      Ended
                                                    December 31, September 30,
                                                        1999         2000
                                                    ------------ -------------
                                                                  (unaudited)

Historical--Chordiant
Net loss per share--basic and diluted..............    $(4.34)      $(0.90)
Book value per share(1)............................    $(6.37)      $ 1.81
Historical--Prime Response
Net loss per share attributable to common
 stockholders--basic and diluted...................    $(3.44)      $(3.45)
Book value per share(1)............................    $(6.89)      $ 1.96

                                                                  Nine Months
                                                     Year Ended      Ended
                                                    December 31, September 30,
                                                        1999         2000
                                                    ------------ -------------

Unaudited pro forma combined net loss per share
 attributable to common stockholders
Per Chordiant share--basic and diluted(2)..........    $(2.97)      $(2.08)
Per equivalent Prime Response share(3)--basic and
 diluted...........................................    $(1.78)      $(1.25)

                                                                       As of
                                                                   September 30,

                                                                   -------------

Unaudited pro forma combined book value per share(4)
Per Chordiant share...............................................     $2.84
Per equivalent Prime Response share(3)............................     $1.71

- --------
(1) The historical book value per share is computed by dividing stockholders'
    equity (deficit) by the number of shares of common stock outstanding at the
    end of each period.

(2) The pro forma combined net loss per share for the year ended December 31,
    1999 and the nine months ended September 30, 2000 is computed by dividing
    pro forma net loss for the year ended December 31, 1999 and for the nine
    months ended September 30, 2000, respectively, by the pro forma number of
    weighted average Chordiant shares outstanding at the end of each respective
    period assuming that the proposed merger had occurred on January 1, 1999.

(3) The Prime Response equivalent pro forma combined amounts are calculated by
    multiplying the Chordiant pro forma share amounts by the exchange ratio of
    0.60.

(4) The pro forma combined net book value per share as of September 30, 2000 is
    calculated by dividing pro forma stockholders' equity by the pro forma
    number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2000.

                                  RISK FACTORS

   You should consider the following risk factors in evaluating whether to
approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger and the
adoption of the merger agreement. These factors should be considered in
conjunction with the other information included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

Risks Relating to the Merger

 If Chordiant does not successfully integrate the business and technology of
 Prime Response and realize the expected benefits of the merger, it will have
 incurred significant costs, which may harm its business.

   Chordiant expects to incur costs and commit significant management time
integrating Prime Response's operations, technology, development programs,
products, clients and personnel. These costs may be substantial and may include
costs for:

  . integration of operations, including combining teams and processes in
    various functional areas;

  . fees and expenses of professionals and consultants involved in completing
    the integration process;

  . reorganization or closure of facilities;

  . incurring potential existing liabilities of Prime Response; and

  . integration of technology and products.

   If Chordiant does not realize the expected benefits of the merger,
Chordiant's financial results, including earnings per share, will be adversely
affected.

   Achieving the benefits of the merger will depend in part on the successful
integration of Prime Response's operations, technology, development programs,
products, clients and personnel in a timely and efficient manner and
maintaining Prime Response's relationships with key clients and strategic
partners. Integration efforts may be difficult and unpredictable because of
possible cultural conflicts and different opinions on technical decisions,
strategic plans, personnel and other decisions. Chordiant does not know whether
it will be successful in these integration efforts and cannot assure you that
it will realize the expected benefits of the merger. If Chordiant cannot
successfully integrate Prime Response's operations, technology, development
programs, products, clients and personnel and maintain Prime Response's
relationships with key clients and strategic partners, the combined company may
not realize the expected benefits of the merger and/or its business, financial
condition or results of operations may be seriously harmed.

 Integrating the business of Prime Response may divert the attention of the
 management of both Prime Response and Chordiant away from operations.

   Successful integration of Prime Response's operations, technology, products
and personnel will place a significant burden on the management and internal
resources of Chordiant and Prime Response. The diversion of the attention of
management of Chordiant and Prime Response and any difficulties encountered in
the transition and integration process could have a material adverse effect on
the future business, financial condition and operating results of the combined
company.

 Failure to retain key employees could diminish the benefits of the merger.

   The successful combination of Chordiant and Prime Response will depend in
part on the retention of key personnel. If key Chordiant or Prime Response
employees terminate their employment after the merger, Chordiant may not be
able to close existing sales opportunities, integrate Prime Response's products
into Chordiant's product line, complete existing Prime Response product
development projects or develop new product offerings. There can be no
assurance that Chordiant will be able to retain certain of Prime Response's key
management, technical, sales and customer support personnel. Failure to retain
such key personnel may

result in Chordiant not realizing the anticipated benefits of the merger
causing the future business, financial condition and operating results of the
combined company to be harmed.

 Because Prime Response stockholders will receive a fixed number of shares of
 Chordiant common stock in the merger, if the market price of Chordiant common
 stock declines, the value of the merger consideration received by Prime
 Response stockholders will be reduced.

   Each Prime Response stockholder will receive 0.60 of a share of Chordiant
common stock in exchange for each share of Prime Response common stock that
such stockholder owns. The fraction of a share of Chordiant common stock to be
issued for each share of Prime Response common stock is fixed and will not be
adjusted based upon changes in the value of Chordiant common stock or changes
in the value of Prime Response common stock. No fractional shares of Chordiant
common stock will be issued, and Prime Response stockholders will receive cash
in lieu of any fractional share of Chordiant common stock that they would
otherwise be entitled to receive in the merger.

   The value of the Chordiant shares that Prime Response stockholders will
receive in the merger will not be known until the time of completion of the
merger, and will change as the market price of Chordiant common stock goes up
or down prior to that time. In recent years, and particularly in recent months,
the stock market in general, and the securities of technology companies in
particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These
market fluctuations have, and may in the future, adversely affect the market
price of Chordiant common stock. In addition, events or circumstances specific
to Chordiant could cause the price of its common stock to decline. See "Risk
Factors--Risks Relating to Chordiant." The market price of Chordiant common
stock upon and after completion of the merger could be lower than the market
price on the date of the merger agreement, the current market price and/or the
market price on the date of the special stockholder meeting or the date a Prime
Response stockholder votes on the adoption of the merger agreement. Prime
Response stockholders should obtain recent market quotations of Chordiant
common stock and Prime Response common stock before they vote on adoption of
the merger agreement.

 Failure to complete the merger could adversely affect Prime Response's and
 Chordiant's respective stock prices, future business and operations.

   If the merger is not completed for any reason, Prime Response and Chordiant
may be subject to a number of material risks, including the following:

  . the price of Prime Response and/or Chordiant common stock may decline to
    the extent that the market price prior to such termination reflects a
    market assumption that the merger will be completed; and

  . costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and financial
    advisor fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed.

   In addition, Chordiant's or Prime Response's partners and customers, in
response to the announcement or pendency of the merger, may delay or defer
decisions to purchase products of either company or enter into business
relationships with either company. Any delay or deferral of those decisions by
partners and customers, or a decision by any of these parties to discontinue
its relationship with Prime Response or Chordiant, could have a material
adverse effect on the business of the relevant company. Similarly, until
Chordiant's plans with regard to Prime Response are announced or fully
executed, current and prospective Chordiant or Prime Response employees may
experience uncertainty about their future roles with Chordiant. For example,
Prime Response terminated approximately 15 employees during January 2001 and
there may be additional layoffs when the merger is completed. Furthermore,
recently James Carling, one of Prime Response's founders and Chief Technology
Officer, Peter J. Boni, Prime Response's President and Chief Executive Officer,
Paul Lavallee, Prime Response's President, Americas and Frederick Phillips,
Prime Response's Chief Financial Officer have tendered their resignations to
Prime Response. This may adversely affect Chordiant's or Prime Response's
ability to attract and retain key personnel or enter into business
relationships with prospective partners and/or customers.

 Failure to complete the merger may require Prime Response to pay Chordiant a
 termination fee and to reimburse Chordiant for its merger-related expenses.

   Prime Response may be required under certain circumstances to pay Chordiant
a termination fee of $1.0 million plus reimburse Chordiant for up to $2.0
million in merger-related expenses.

   Further, if the merger were terminated and the Prime Response board of
directors decided to seek another merger or business combination, there would
be no assurance that it would be able to find a partner willing to pay an
equivalent or more attractive price than the price to be paid in the merger. In
addition, while the merger agreement is in effect, subject to very narrowly
defined exceptions, Prime Response is prohibited from soliciting, initiating,
encouraging or entering into certain transactions such as a merger, sale of
assets or other business combination with any party other than Chordiant.

 The market price of Chordiant common stock may decline as a result of the
 merger.

   The market price of Chordiant common stock may decline as a result of the
merger if:

  . the integration of the business and operations of Prime Response is
    unsuccessful;

  . Chordiant does not achieve the perceived benefits and cost savings of the
    merger as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by securities analysts or
    investors;

  . Chordiant or Prime Response incurs liabilities that are not anticipated
    or greater than expected by either company's securities analysts or
    investors; or

  . the effect of the merger on financial results is not consistent with the
    expectations of securities analysts or investors.

 Both Chordiant and Prime Response must complete the merger even if a material
 adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations
 of either company occurs prior to the consummation of the merger.

   Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, both Chordiant and Prime
Response would have to consummate the merger even if during the pre-closing
period and after the respective special meetings of stockholders, a change,
effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or development occurs that has had or
could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition or results of operations of Prime Response and its
subsidiaries or Chordiant and its subsidiaries. For example, if either
company's quarterly revenues or operating results fall below the expectations
of securities analysts, this event, in and of itself, would not allow either
Chordiant or Prime Response to not complete the merger.

 Prime Response's officers and directors have conflicts of interest that may
 have influenced them to recommend the adoption of the merger agreement.

   The directors and officers of Prime Response participate in arrangements and
have continuing indemnification against liabilities that provide them with
interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to other Prime
Response stockholders including the following:

  . The executive officers of Prime Response have outstanding, as of the
    record date, stock options to purchase an aggregate of [      ] shares of
    Prime Response common stock.

  . Pursuant to employment agreements with Prime Response, a number of
    executives of Prime Response will receive certain severance or other
    benefits in connection with the merger, including the payment of salary,
    benefits and the acceleration of vesting of options. Please see "The
    Merger--Interests of Prime Response's Officers and Directors in the
    Merger" and "Prime Response Management--Employment Agreements" for a more
    complete description of these agreements.

  . Chordiant has agreed to cause the surviving corporation in the merger to
    indemnify each present and former Prime Response officer and director
    against liabilities arising out of such person's services as an officer
    or director. Chordiant will cause the surviving corporation to maintain
    officers' and directors' liability insurance to cover any such
    liabilities for the next three years.

   For the above reasons, the directors and officers of Prime Response could
be more likely to vote for the adoption of the merger agreement than if they
did not hold these interests. Prime Response stockholders should consider
whether these interests may have influenced these directors and officers to
support or recommend adoption of the merger agreement.

Risks Relating to Chordiant

 Because Chordiant's short operating history makes it difficult to evaluate
 its prospects, Chordiant's future financial performance may disappoint
 investors and result in a decline in Chordiant's stock price.

   You must consider Chordiant's prospects given the risks, expenses and
challenges Chordiant might encounter because the company is at an early stage
of development and growth in a new and rapidly evolving market. Until
September 1997, Chordiant was engaged primarily in the research and
development of its software products. Chordiant licensed its first product in
September 1997 and Chordiant's sales and service organizations are relatively
new and still growing. Due to Chordiant's short operating history, Chordiant's
future financial performance is not predictable and may disappoint investors
and result in a substantial decline in Chordiant's stock price. The revenue
and income potential of Chordiant's products are unproven.

 Chordiant expects to continue to incur losses and may not achieve or maintain
 profitability, which may cause Chordiant's stock price to decline.

   Chordiant incurred net losses of $8.0 million and $29.1 million for the
three months and nine months ended September 30, 2000. As of September 30,
2000, Chordiant had an accumulated deficit of $91.7 million. Chordiant expects
to continue to incur losses on both a quarterly and annual basis at least
through the first half of 2001. Moreover, Chordiant expects to continue to
incur significant sales and marketing and research and development expenses
and expenses to establish additional sales offices domestically and
internationally, and, as a result, Chordiant will need to generate significant
revenues to achieve and maintain profitability. Chordiant cannot be certain
that Chordiant can sustain this growth or that it will generate sufficient
revenues to achieve profitability.

 Chordiant's operating results fluctuate significantly and an unanticipated
 decline in revenues may disappoint investors and result in a decline in
 Chordiant's stock price.

   Chordiant's quarterly revenues will depend primarily upon product
implementation by its customers. Chordiant has historically recognized most of
the company's license and services revenue using the percentage-of-completion
method using labor hours incurred as the measure of progress towards
completion of implementation of Chordiant's products and Chordiant expects
this practice to continue. Thus, delays in implementation by Chordiant
customers and system integration partners will reduce Chordiant's quarterly
revenue. Historically, a substantial portion of new customer orders have been
booked in the third month of the calendar quarter, with a concentration of
these bookings in the last two weeks of the third month. Chordiant expects
this trend to continue and, therefore, any failure or delay in bookings would
decrease Chordiant's quarterly deferred revenue. If Chordiant's revenues or
operating margins are below the expectations of any securities analysts that
may analyze Chordiant, or investors, Chordiant's stock price is likely to
decline.

 Chordiant has limited experience with large-scale deployments and if
 Chordiant's products do not successfully operate in a company-wide
 environment, Chordiant may lose sales and suffer decreased revenues.

   If existing customers have difficulty deploying Chordiant's products or
choose not to fully deploy the products, particularly in large-scale
deployments, it could damage Chordiant's reputation and reduce revenues.
Chordiant's success requires that the company's products be highly scalable,
or able to accommodate substantial increases in the number of users. To date,
no large-scale deployment has been operating at any customer site and
Chordiant's products are currently being used by only a limited number of
users. Chordiant's

products are expected to be deployed on a variety of computer hardware
platforms and to be used in connection with a number of third-party software
applications by personnel who may not have previously used application
software systems or Chordiant's products. These deployments present very
significant technical challenges, which are difficult or impossible to
predict.

 Failure to successfully customize or implement Chordiant's products for a
 customer could prevent recognition of revenues, collection of amounts due or
 cause legal claims by the customer.

   If a customer is not able to customize or deploy Chordiant's products
successfully, the customer may not complete expected product deployment, which
would prevent recognition of revenues and collection of amounts due, and could
result in claims against Chordiant. Chordiant has, in the past, had disputes
with customers concerning product performance. One dispute, from a 1995
consulting agreement, resulted in a settlement following contractually-
required mediation. One, from a 1997 product license, resulted in a settlement
following litigation. One, from a product license and related service
agreements, was resolved in February, 2000 when the company entered into a new
agreement with the client, Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation. For further
details regarding the Chase dispute, see "Chordiant Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained
elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 Chordiant's primary products have a long sales and implementation cycle,
 which makes it difficult to predict Chordiant's quarterly results and may
 cause operating results to vary significantly.

   The period between initial contact with a prospective customer and the
implementation of Chordiant's products is unpredictable and often lengthy,
ranging to date from three to twenty-four months. Thus, deferred revenue could
vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Any delays in the implementation
of Chordiant's products could cause reductions in Chordiant's revenues. The
licensing of Chordiant's products is often an enterprise-wide decision that
generally requires Chordiant to provide a significant level of education to
prospective customers about the use and benefits of Chordiant's products. The
implementation of Chordiant's products involves significant commitment of
technical and financial resources and is commonly associated with substantial
implementation efforts that may be performed by Chordiant, by the customer or
by third-party system integrators. Customers generally consider a wide range
of issues before committing to purchase Chordiant's products, including
product benefits, ability to operate with existing and future computer
systems, ability to accommodate increased transaction volume and product
reliability.

 Because a small number of customers account for a substantial portion of
 Chordiant's software license revenues, Chordiant's revenues could decline if
 Chordiant loses a major customer.

   Chordiant derives a significant portion of its software license revenues in
each quarter from a limited number of customers. Loss of a major customer in a
particular quarter could cause a decrease in revenue, deferred revenues and
net income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2000, revenues from
Electronic Data Systems Corporation, Barclays Mercantile, Lloyds TSB and
Direct Line Group Services Ltd. accounted for approximately 32%, 20%, 14% and
11% of Chordiant's total net revenues. For the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999, revenues from Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation, First USA and KLM
Royal Dutch Airlines accounted for 29%, 22%, and 13% of Chordiant's total net
revenues. Chordiant expects that a limited number of customers will continue
to account for a substantial portion of the company's revenues. As a result,
if Chordiant loses a major customer, if a contract is delayed or cancelled,
Chordiant's revenues would be adversely affected. In addition, customers that
have accounted for significant revenues in the past may not generate revenues
in any future period causing Chordiant's failure to obtain new significant
customers or additional orders from existing customers to materially affect
Chordiant's operating results.

 Defects in Chordiant's products could diminish demand for Chordiant's
 products and result in decreased revenues, decreased market acceptance and
 injury to Chordiant's reputation.

   Errors may be found from time to time in Chordiant's new or enhanced
products after commencement of commercial shipments resulting in decreased
revenues, decreased sales, injury to Chordiant's reputation and/or increased
warranty and repair costs. Although Chordiant conducts extensive product
testing during product

development, Chordiant has in the past discovered software errors in
Chordiant's products as well as in third party products, and as a result has
experienced delays in the shipment of its new products. The latest version of
Chordiant's primary product suite was introduced in June 2000.

 Chordiant's failure to maintain strong relationships with system integrators
 would harm Chordiant's ability to market and implement Chordiant's products
 and reduce future revenues.

   Failure to establish or maintain relationships with systems integrators
would significantly harm Chordiant's ability to license Chordiant's software
products. System integrators install and deploy Chordiant's products, in
addition to those of Chordiant's competitors, and perform custom integration of
systems and applications. Some system integrators also engage in joint
marketing and sales efforts with Chordiant. If these relationships fail,
Chordiant will have to devote substantially more resources to the sales and
marketing, implementation and support of Chordiant's products than it would
have to otherwise. Chordiant's efforts may also not be as effective as those of
the system integrators, which could reduce revenues. In many cases, these
parties have extensive relationships with Chordiant's existing and potential
customers and influence the decisions of these customers. A number of
Chordiant's competitors have stronger relationships with these system
integrators and, as a result, these system integrators may be more likely to
recommend competitors' products and services.

   In particular, Chordiant has established a non-exclusive relationship with
Electronic Data Systems Corporation, or EDS, a large system integrator and one
of Chordiant's principal stockholders. For the nine months ended September 30,
2000 and the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, approximately 32% and 27%,
respectively, of Chordiant's revenues were derived from customers for whom
Electronic Data Systems has been engaged to provide software and system
integration services. Deterioration of Chordiant's relationship with Electronic
Data Systems could have a material adverse effect on sales of Chordiant's
products.

 To date, Chordiant's sales have been concentrated in the financial services,
 travel and leisure, automotive and telecommunications markets and if Chordiant
 is unable to continue sales in these markets or successfully penetrate new
 markets, Chordiant's revenues may decline.

   Sales of Chordiant's products and services in four markets--financial
services, travel and leisure, automotive and telecommunications--accounted for
82% of total net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and 87%
of total net revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999. Chordiant
expects that revenues from these four markets will continue to account for a
substantial portion of Chordiant's total net revenues in 2001. If Chordiant is
unable to successfully increase penetration of Chordiant's existing markets or
achieve sales in additional markets, or if the overall economic climate of
Chordiant's target markets deteriorates, Chordiant's revenues may decline.

 Continued negative gross margin in services revenues could adversely impact
 Chordiant's overall gross margin and income.

   Chordiant's gross margin in services revenues has historically been
negative. Service revenues have also had lower gross margins than Chordiant's
license revenues. As a result, an increase in the percentage of total net
revenues represented by services revenues, or an unexpected decrease in license
revenues, could have a detrimental impact on Chordiant's overall gross margins.
Chordiant anticipates that service revenues will continue to represent over 30%
of total net revenues. To increase services revenues, Chordiant must expand
Chordiant's services organization, successfully recruit and train a sufficient
number of qualified services personnel, and obtain renewals of current
maintenance contracts by Chordiant's customers. This expansion could further
reduce gross margins in Chordiant's service revenues.

 Because competition for qualified personnel is intense, Chordiant may not be
 able to retain or recruit personnel, which could impact the development and
 sales of Chordiant's products.

   If Chordiant is unable to hire or retain qualified personnel, or if newly
hired personnel fails to develop the necessary skills or fails to reach
expected levels of productivity, Chordiant's ability to develop and market
Chordiant's products will be weakened. Chordiant's success depends largely on
the continued contributions of

Chordiant's key management, engineering, sales and marketing and professional
services personnel, including Samuel T. Spadafora, Chordiant's chairman of the
board of directors and chief executive officer and Stephen Kelly, Chordiant's
president and chief operating officer. Except for Chordiant's chief executive
officer and president and chief operating officer, Chordiant does not have
employment agreements with any of Chordiant's key personnel. Chordiant has
experienced turnover in Chordiant's key personnel in the recent past.

   In particular, Chordiant's ability to increase Chordiant's sales will
depend on Chordiant's ability to recruit, train and retain top quality sales
people who are able to target prospective customers' senior management, and
who can productively generate and service large accounts. There is a shortage
of qualified sales personnel and competition for such personnel is intense,
particularly in the Silicon Valley where Chordiant's principal offices are
located and in the markets in which Chordiant competes.

 Chordiant depends on technology licensed to Chordiant by third parties, and
 the loss or inability to maintain these licenses could prevent or delay sales
 of Chordiant's products.

   Chordiant licenses technology from several software providers that is
incorporated in Chordiant's products. In particular, Chordiant licenses Forte
Tool and related Forte products from Forte Software, Inc., a Sun Microsystems,
Inc. company. Chordiant's license agreement with Forte expires in September
2001, and can be extended upon agreement of the parties. Chordiant anticipates
that Chordiant will continue to license technology from Forte and other third
parties in the future. This software may not continue to be available on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all. The loss of the Forte technology or
other technology licenses could result in delays in the license of Chordiant's
products until equivalent technology, if available, is developed or
identified, licensed and integrated into Chordiant's products. Even if
substitute technologies are available, there can be no guarantee that
Chordiant will be able to license these technologies on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all.

 Defects in third party products associated with Chordiant's products could
 impair Chordiant's products' functionality and injure Chordiant's reputation.

   The effective implementation of Chordiant's products depends upon the
successful operation of third party products in conjunction with Chordiant's
products. Any undetected errors in these products could prevent the
implementation or impair the functionality of Chordiant's products, delay new
product introductions or injure Chordiant's reputation. In the past, while
Chordiant's business has not been materially harmed, product releases have
been delayed as a result of errors in third-party software and Chordiant has
incurred significant expenses fixing and investigating the cause of these
errors.

 Chordiant's customers and system integration partners have the ability to
 alter Chordiant's source code and inappropriate alterations could adversely
 affect the performance of Chordiant's products, cause injury to Chordiant's
 reputation and increase operating expenses.

   Customers and system integration partners have access to Chordiant's
computer source code when they license Chordiant's products and may alter the
source code. Alteration may lead to implementation, operation, technical
support and upgrade problems for Chordiant's customers. This could adversely
affect the market acceptance of Chordiant's products, and any necessary
investigative work and repairs could cause Chordiant to incur significant
expenses and delays in implementation.

 If Chordiant fails to introduce new versions and releases of Chordiant's
 products in a timely manner, customers may license competing products and
 Chordiant's revenues may decline.

   If Chordiant is unable to ship or implement enhancements to Chordiant's
products when planned, or fails to achieve timely market acceptance of these
enhancements, Chordiant may suffer lost sales and could fail to achieve
anticipated revenues. A majority of Chordiant's total revenues have been, and
are expected to be, derived from the license of Chordiant's primary product
suite. Chordiant's future operating results will depend

on the demand for these products by future customers, including new and
enhanced releases that are subsequently introduced. If Chordiant's competitors
release new products that are superior to Chordiant's products in performance
or price, or if Chordiant fails to enhance Chordiant's products and introduce
new features and functionality in a timely manner, demand for Chordiant's
products may decline. Chordiant has in the past experienced delays in the
planned release dates of new versions of Chordiant's software product and
upgrades. New versions or Chordiant's products may not be released on schedule
or may contain defects when released.

 If Chordiant's products do not operate with the hardware and software
 platforms used by Chordiant's customers, customers may license competing
 products and Chordiant's revenues will decline.

   If Chordiant's products fail to satisfy advancing technological
requirements, the market acceptance of these products could be reduced.
Chordiant currently serves a customer base with a wide variety of constantly
changing hardware, software applications and networking platforms. Customer
acceptance of Chordiant's products depends on many factors such as:

  . Chordiant's ability to integrate Chordiant's products with multiple
    platforms and existing or legacy systems;

  . Chordiant's ability to anticipate and support new standards, especially
    Internet and enterprise Java standards; and

  . the integration of additional software modules and third party software
    applications with Chordiant's existing products.

 Chordiant's reliance on international operations may cause increased operating
 expenses and cause Chordiant's net income to decline.

   During the nine months ended September 30, 2000, international revenues were
$15.7 million or approximately 69% of Chordiant's total net revenues. During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, international revenues were $6.6
million or approximately 38% of Chordiant's total net revenues. Chordiant
expects international revenues will continue to represent a significant portion
of Chordiant's total net revenues in future periods.

   Chordiant has faced, and will continue to face, risks associated with:

  . difficulties in managing Chordiant's widespread operations;

  . difficulties in hiring qualified local personnel;

  . seasonal fluctuations in customer orders;

  . longer accounts receivable collection cycles;

  . expenses associated with products used in foreign markets;

  . currency fluctuation and hedging activities; and

  . economic downturns in international economies.

   Any of these factors could have a significant impact on Chordiant's ability
to license products on a competitive and timely basis and adversely affect
Chordiant's operating expenses and net income.

   Chordiant's international sales are both U.S. dollar and local currency
denominated. As a result, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative
to foreign currencies could make Chordiant's products less competitive in
international markets and could negatively affect Chordiant's operating results
and cash flows.

 International expansion could be difficult and Chordiant may not achieve sales
 growth.

   If Chordiant is unable to expand Chordiant's international operations and
sales, and build relationships with third parties outside the United States on
a timely basis, Chordiant may not achieve anticipated sales growth. Chordiant
has expanded, and intends to continue expanding, its international operations
and enter additional international markets. In October 1997, Chordiant opened
an office in London, England and during 1999 and 2000, Chordiant opened offices
in the Netherlands and Germany. To increase Chordiant's international sales
opportunities, Chordiant will need to further develop Chordiant's international
sales, professional services and support organizations, and Chordiant will need
to form additional relationships with system integration partners worldwide.

 Chordiant's failure to integrate successfully Chordiant's acquired companies
 could prevent Chordiant from operating efficiently.

   On July 19, 2000, Chordiant completed an acquisition of White Spider
Software, Inc., an early stage software company that has completed development
of a beta version of a knowledge management software product. Upon the closing
date, White Spider became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chordiant. Chordiant's
business strategy includes pursuing opportunities to grow Chordiant's business,
both internally and through selective acquisitions and various types of
business combinations. To implement this strategy, Chordiant may in the future
be involved in additional merger and acquisition transactions like the
acquisition of Prime Response. Acquisition transactions are motivated by many
factors, including Chordiant's desire to acquire skilled personnel, Chordiant's
desire to obtain new technologies and Chordiant's desire to expand and enhance
Chordiant's product offerings. Growth through acquisitions has several
identifiable risks including difficulties associated with successfully
integrating the previously distinct businesses into Chordiant's organization,
the substantial management time devoted to integrating the companies, the
possibility that Chordiant might not be successful in retaining the employees
of the acquired companies, undisclosed liabilities, the failure to realize
anticipated benefits (such as cost savings and synergies) and issues related to
integrating acquired technology or content into Chordiant's products and media
properties (such as unanticipated expenses). Realization of any of these risks
in connection with any mergers or acquisitions Chordiant has entered into, or
may enter into, could have a material adverse effect on Chordiant's business,
operating results and financial condition.

 Competition in Chordiant's markets is intense and could reduce Chordiant's
 sales and prevent Chordiant from achieving profitability.

   Increased competition is likely to result in price reductions, reduced gross
margins and loss of market share, any one of which could reduce Chordiant's
future revenues. The market for Chordiant's products is intensely competitive,
evolving and subject to rapid technological change. The intensity of
competition is expected to increase in the future. Chordiant's current
competitors include:

  . Internal information technology departments: In-house information
    technology departments of potential customers have developed or may
    develop systems that provide some or all of the functionality of
    Chordiant's products. Chordiant expects that internally developed
    application integration and process automation efforts will continue to
    be a significant source of competition.

  . Point application vendors: Chordiant competes with providers of stand-
    alone point solutions for Web- based customer relationship management and
    traditional client/server-based, call-center service customer and
    salesforce automation solution providers.

   Many of Chordiant's competitors have greater resources and broader customer
relationships than Chordiant does. In addition, many of these competitors have
extensive knowledge of Chordiant's industry. Current and potential competitors
have established, or may establish, cooperative relationships among themselves
or with third parties to offer a single solution and increase the ability of
their products to address customer needs.

 If Chordiant is unable to protect Chordiant's intellectual property, Chordiant
 may lose a valuable asset or incur costly litigation to protect Chordiant's
 rights.

   Chordiant's success and ability to compete depends upon Chordiant's
proprietary technology. Chordiant relies on trademark, trade secret and
copyright laws to protect Chordiant's intellectual property. Chordiant has no
patents or patent applications. Chordiant ships source code to Chordiant's
customers and third party system integrators and partners are given access to
it. Despite Chordiant's efforts to protect Chordiant's intellectual property, a
third party could copy or obtain the source code to Chordiant's software or
other proprietary information without authorization and/or could develop
software competitive to the company's. Chordiant's means of protecting
Chordiant's proprietary rights may not be adequate and Chordiant's competitors
may independently develop similar technology or duplicate Chordiant's products.

   Chordiant may have to litigate to enforce Chordiant's intellectual property
rights, to protect Chordiant's trade secrets or know-how or to determine their
scope, validity or enforceability. Enforcing or defending Chordiant's
proprietary technology is expensive, could cause the diversion of Chordiant's
resources and may not prove successful. Chordiant's protective measures may
prove inadequate to protect Chordiant's proprietary rights. If Chordiant is
unable to protect Chordiant's intellectual property, Chordiant may lose a
valuable asset or incur costly litigation to protect Chordiant's rights.

 If Chordiant becomes subject to intellectual property infringement claims,
 these claims could be costly and time-consuming to defend, divert management
 attention and cause product delays, and have an adverse effect on Chordiant's
 revenues and net income.

   Chordiant expects that software product developers and providers of software
in markets similar to Chordiant's target markets will increasingly be subject
to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in Chordiant's
industry grows and the functionality of products overlaps. Any claims, with or
without merit, could be costly and time-consuming to defend, divert Chordiant's
management's attention, or cause product delays. Chordiant has no patents or
patent applications that Chordiant could use defensively against any company
bringing such a claim. If any of Chordiant's products were found to infringe a
third party's proprietary rights, Chordiant could be required to enter into
royalty or licensing agreements to be able to sell Chordiant's products.
Royalty and licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms
acceptable to Chordiant or at all.

 Chordiant's stock price is subject to significant fluctuations.

   Since Chordiant's initial public offering in February 2000, the price of
Chordiant's common stock has fluctuated widely. Chordiant believes that factors
such as the risks described herein or other factors could cause the price of
its common stock to fluctuate, perhaps substantially. In addition, recently,
the stock market, in general, and the market for high technology stocks in
particular, has experienced extreme price fluctuations, which have often been
unrelated to the operating performance of the affected companies. Such
fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of Chordiant's common
stock.

Risks Relating to Prime Response

 Prime Response has incurred substantial operating losses, and may not be
 profitable in the future.

   In 1995, Prime Response began to transition from a marketing database
service bureau to a software company. Since that time, Prime Response has
incurred substantial operating losses. Prime Response cannot be certain if or
when it will become profitable. Failure to achieve profitability within the
timeframe expected by investors or to maintain profitability may adversely
affect the market price of Prime Response common stock. Prime Response incurred
net losses of $19.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000. At
September 30, 2000, Prime Response had an accumulated deficit of $106.5
million. In recent periods, Prime Response has increased expenditures in
certain areas, particularly in sales and marketing in North America

and in product development. As a result, Prime Response will need to generate
significant revenues to achieve and maintain profitability and Prime Response
expects to incur net losses and negative operating cash flow on both a
quarterly and annual basis for the foreseeable future.

 Prime Response's quarterly operating results may fluctuate because it depends
 on a relatively small number of large orders.

   Prime Response derives a significant portion of its software license
revenues in each quarter from a relatively small number of relatively large
orders. The criteria for a client's acceptance of a product may delay Prime
Response's ability to recognize revenue from the products Prime Response
delivers in any particular quarter. Prime Response's operating results for a
particular fiscal period could be materially adversely affected if it is
unable to complete those transactions, or satisfy a client's acceptance
criteria on schedule or at anticipated performance levels. Although Prime
Response has experienced revenue growth in recent periods, it cannot be
certain that these growth rates will be sustainable or that Prime Response
will ever generate revenues at a level sufficient to cover its anticipated
expenses, if at all.

 Disappointing quarterly revenues or operating results could cause the price
 of Prime Response common stock to fall.

   Prime Response's quarterly revenues and operating results are difficult to
predict and may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. Therefore,
you should not rely on period-to-period comparisons of revenues or results of
operations as an indication of future performance. Recently, Prime Response's
quarterly revenues and operating results have fallen below the expectations of
investors and securities analysts. If this trend were to continue, the price
of Prime Response common stock could decline.

 Prime Response's quarterly license revenues may fluctuate as a result of a
 variety of factors, including the following:

  . software license revenues in any quarter depend on contracts being
    consummated, orders delivered and the satisfaction of any existing client
    acceptance criteria in that quarter;

  . the market in which Prime Response competes is relatively new and rapidly
    evolving;

  . Prime Response expects that, for the foreseeable future, revenues will
    come primarily from software licenses with a relatively small number of
    clients, so delays, cancellations of orders, or non-acceptance of its
    software by a few clients can significantly impact revenues within a
    quarter;

  . Prime Response's sales and implementation cycle is relatively long; and

  . revenues will be affected by the timing of the introduction of new
    products, new product platforms or product enhancements by Prime Response
    or its competitors.

   Any decline in license revenues is also likely to cause a decline in Prime
Response's services and support revenues in the same quarter or in subsequent
quarters.

 Failure to successfully install and operate Prime Response's product for a
 client could prevent recognition of revenues, collection of amounts due or
 cause legal claims by the client.

   If a client is not able to install or operate Prime Response's product
successfully, the client may not complete expected product deployment, which
may prevent fulfillment of acceptance criteria and accordingly affect the
recognition of revenues, the collection of amounts due or could result in
legal claims being brought against Prime Response by its clients.

 Prime Response's product has a relatively long sales and implementation cycle,
 which makes it difficult to predict its quarterly results and may cause
 operating results to vary significantly.

   The period between initial contact with a prospective customer and the
implementation of Prime Response's product is unpredictable and often
relatively lengthy, averaging approximately six months. Any delays in the
installation or operation of Prime Response's product could cause reductions or
deferrals in its revenues. The licensing of Prime Response's products can be an
enterprise-wide decision that generally requires Prime Response to provide a
significant level of education to prospective clients about the use and
benefits of its product. The implementation of Prime Response's products
involves significant commitment of resources and is commonly associated with
implementation efforts that may be performed by Prime Response, by the client
or by third-party system integrators. The typical Prime Response client
generally considers a wide range of issues before committing to purchase Prime
Response's products, including product benefits, ability to operate with
existing and future computer systems, ability to accommodate increased
transaction volume and product reliability.

 Seasonal trends may cause Prime Response's quarterly operating results to
 fluctuate, which may adversely affect the market price of Prime Response
 common stock.

   Due to the fact that Prime Response does a significant percentage of its
business in Europe, which typically experiences a slowdown in business during
the summer months and because its products typically involve a significant
initial investment, the availability of which is often dependent on a client's
fiscal period, Prime Response may experience seasonal fluctuations in quarterly
revenues and operating results. If Prime Response consistently experiences
these revenue fluctuations, securities analysts and investors may not be able
to predict Prime Response's quarterly or annual operating results. Failure to
meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors could result in a
decline in the price of Prime Response common stock.

 Prime Response's results of operations would be adversely affected if its
 investments in personnel and infrastructure do not correspond with the timing
 of revenue generated as a result of such investments.

   Most of Prime Response's expenses, such as employee compensation, sales and
marketing expenses, computer equipment costs and rent for properties, are
either relatively fixed in the short term or incurred in advance of sales. In
addition, Prime Response's expense levels are based in part on its expectations
regarding future revenues. As a result, if revenues for a particular quarter
are below expectations, Prime Response will most likely not be able to
proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter. Therefore, a
shortfall in revenues would have a disproportionate effect on its expected
operating results for that quarter and could cause the trading price of Prime
Response common stock to decline.

 Prime Response may incur charges against its earnings which could have an
 adverse impact on results of operations.

   Prime Response has issued warrants to purchase shares of the common stock of
Prime Response to Accenture (formerly known as Andersen Consulting) which
become exercisable upon the attainment of certain revenue targets and market
capitalization levels. Because Prime Response cannot predict if and when these
targets will be attained, it cannot predict when charges to expenses related to
these warrants will be incurred. Furthermore, the amount of these charges will
depend on the price of Prime Response common stock when the warrants are
earned. During the nine month period ended September 30, 2000, Prime Response
has incurred non-cash sales and marketing expenses of $176,000, respectively,
in connection with these warrants. As a result of these non-cash expenses, any
quarter in which Prime Response incurs charges in connection with the issuance
of these warrants could result in Prime Response having operating results lower
than those expected by securities analysts or investors which could cause the
price of Prime Response common stock to decline.

 Prime Response has recently released new products and is dependent on their
 market acceptance to achieve Prime Response's revenue goals.

   Prime Response has released new products based upon Prime@Vantage, its pre-
existing software architecture. Recently, Prime Response has notified its
clients operating the Prime Vantage software product on an Oracle platform
that it will no longer support such product after March 31, 2001. These new
products include Prime@Vantage Wireless, Prime@Vantage Optimizer and Marketing
Mission Control. Achievement of Prime Response's overall business goals is
dependent upon the sustained market acceptance at desired pricing levels of
these new products as well as their ability to perform at expected levels. If
these products do not achieve and sustain market acceptance due to bugs, a
lack of functionality considered important in the marketplace or any other
reason, Prime Response will experience a material adverse effect on its
business, prospects, operating results and financial condition and may become
subject to litigation or claims from customers. In addition, clients who do
not elect to migrate to the Prime@Vantage architecture may seek to force Prime
Response to support the old architecture. Such actions could delay product
acceptance and result in litigation which could affect Prime Response's
operating results.

 Prime Response's failure to increase its North American revenues and
 operations would adversely affect its operating results and financial
 condition.

   Prime Response believes that it must expand its sales activities,
partnership relationships, product and service offerings and operations in
North America in order to achieve and maintain profitability. Prime Response's
failure to effectively manage expansion in North America could have a material
adverse effect on the delivery of its products and services, its ability to
attract and retain key personnel and its business operations and prospects.

 Prime Response may not be able to continue to develop new products or enhance
 existing products on a timely basis.

   To be competitive, Prime Response must continue to develop and introduce on
a timely basis new products and product enhancements. Prime Response's failure
to develop and introduce new products and enhancements successfully and on a
timely basis, or the failure of new products to achieve and sustain market
acceptance, could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition. Prime Response is obligated under a
limited number of client contracts to deliver new products or product
enhancements by specified dates, and failure to do so could result in the loss
of one or more of those clients or expose Prime Response to contractual
liability.

 Competition in the marketplace may adversely affect Prime Response's
 financial condition and operating results.

   The market for Internet-based integrated relationship marketing solutions
is relatively competitive. This competition is likely to lead to price
reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share, any of which could
reduce Prime Response's future revenues. Some of Prime Response's current and
potential competitors have greater name recognition and substantially greater
financial, technical, marketing, management, service, support and other
resources than Prime Response has. Therefore, these competitive advantages may
enable Prime Response's competitors to respond more quickly than Prime
Response can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or
client requirements.

   In addition, Prime Response expects that new competitors will enter the
market with competing products as the size and visibility of the market
opportunity increases. Prime Response also expects that competition will
increase as a result of consolidations and formations of alliances among
industry participants. Increased competition could result in additional
pricing pressures, further reduced margins and the failure of Prime Response's
products to achieve or maintain market acceptance.

 Prime Response depends on specific industries for most of its sales, and it
 may not continue to be successful in those markets and in expanding beyond
 those limited industries.

   A substantial portion of Prime Response's revenues have been derived from
sales to financial institutions and communications and media companies. In
order to reach and maintain profitability, Prime Response must continue to
succeed in these markets as well as penetrate additional markets, including,
but not limited to the consumer goods market. Prime Response may not be
successful in penetrating such additional markets.

 If Prime Response is unable to manage its growth and the related expansion in
 its operations effectively, its business may be harmed.

   Prime Response's ability to successfully offer products and services and
implement its business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires effective
planning and management. Prime Response's growth has placed, and its
anticipated future operations will continue to place, a significant strain on
its management, information systems, network and other resources. To manage
future growth effectively, Prime Response must continue to improve its
financial and accounting systems and controls, enhance its reporting systems
and procedures, integrate new personnel and manage expanded operations. Prime
Response will also need to hire additional personnel and it may be unable to
recruit qualified employees as needed.

 Prime Response is largely dependent on its international operations.

   In addition to Prime Response's presence in the North America, it has
offices in five other countries and customers in more than 15 other countries.
In the year ended December 31, 1999, and the nine month period ended September
30, 2000, 84% and 62% of its total revenues, respectively, resulted from sales
outside North America, reflecting its historical presence in the United
Kingdom and elsewhere in Europe and the Asia-Pacific. Although Prime Response
believes that it must increase its sales in North America to reach and
maintain profitability, it must also continue to expand its sales in
international markets for its business to grow as planned. This may require
Prime Response to establish additional international operations and hire
additional personnel. If Prime Response fails to do so in a timely and
effective manner its business and revenues would not grow as planned, its
operations and its plans to expand internationally could be affected by a
number of risks, including:

  . challenges inherent in managing geographically dispersed operations;

  . the need to develop local distribution channels through third parties;

  . multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations; and

  . foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.

 Failure to expand Prime Response's relationships with consulting firms and
 systems integrators would impede acceptance of its products and growth of its
 revenues.

   Consultants, systems integrators, and service providers who recommend,
install and support Prime Response's products with their clients are a
contributing source of its sales. To increase its revenues and implementation
capabilities, Prime Response must continue to develop and expand relationships
with consultants, systems integrators, service providers and other potential
industry partners. A failure to do so would reduce its ability to generate
increased revenues. Consultants, systems integrators and service providers may
market or recommend products that compete with Prime Response's products.
Moreover, if these firms fail to implement Prime Response's products
successfully for their clients, Prime Response may not have the resources to
implement its products on the schedule required by the client, which could
affect its ability to generate increased revenues.

 Prime Response's business will be adversely affected if Internet solutions
 and wireless marketing are not widely adopted.

   Because Prime Response's new products address the emerging market for
Internet marketing solutions and wireless applications, its future success
depends in part upon the widespread adoption of the Internet and wireless
communications as primary mediums for commerce and business applications. The
failure of these markets to develop, or a delay in the development of these
markets, would have a material adverse effect on its ability to generate
revenues and grow its businesses. The Internet has experienced, and is
expected to continue to experience, significant user and traffic growth, which
has, at times, caused user frustration with slow access and download times.
The Internet infrastructure may not be able to support the demands placed on
it by the continued growth upon which Prime Response's success in part
depends. Moreover, critical issues concerning the commercial use of the
Internet, such as security, reliability, cost, accessibility, taxation of e-
commerce and quality of service, remain unresolved and may negatively affect
the growth of Internet use or the attractiveness of commerce and business
communication over the Internet. In addition, the Internet could suffer
declines in its viability due to delays in the development or adoption of new
standards and protocols to handle increased activity or due to increased
government regulation and taxation of Internet commerce.

 Prime Response's revenues might be harmed by a client's internal information
 technology department's resistance to adopting Prime Response's software
 products.

   Some businesses may have already made a substantial investment in other
third-party or internally developed software designed to integrate data from
disparate sources and analyze this data or manage marketing campaigns. These
businesses may be reluctant to abandon these investments in favor of Prime
Response's software. In addition, information technology departments of
potential clients may resist purchasing Prime Response's software for a
variety of other reasons, particularly the potential displacement of their
historical role in creating and running software and concerns that packaged
software products are not sufficiently customizable for their enterprises. If
the demand for Prime Response's products does not grow for any of these
reasons, its revenues may be harmed.

 If Prime Response's security system is breached, its business and reputation
 could suffer.

   Prime Response must securely receive and transmit confidential information
over public networks and maintain that information on internal systems. Prime
Response's failure to prevent security breaches could damage its reputation,
expose it to risk of loss or liability, result in a loss of its clients and
adversely affect its ability to obtain new clients. Although Prime Response
has implemented network security measures, its servers are vulnerable to
computer viruses, which could lead to interruptions, delays or loss of data.
Prime Response may be required to expend significant capital and other
resources to license encryption technology and additional technologies to
protect against security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by any
breach.

 If the delivery of Prime Response's e-mails delivered by Prime Response
 products is limited or blocked, then its clients may discontinue the use of
 Prime Response products thereby reducing demand for its products.

   Prime Response's business model relies on its products' ability to deliver
e-mails to recipients over the Internet through Internet service providers,
commonly referred to as ISPs, and to recipients in major corporations. America
Online and other ISPs are able to block unwanted messages to their users. In
addition, certain currently available Internet browsers allow users to modify
their browser settings to return unwanted e-mails. If these companies or a
substantial number of individual users limit or halt the delivery of Prime
Response's e-mails from clients using Prime Response's products, demand for
its products could decrease which would have a material adverse affect on its
business.

 Prime Response's failure to sustain the profitability of its professional
 services organization could adversely affect its financial condition.

   Although Prime Response's professional services organization is currently
operating at a profit, Prime Response cannot be certain that its professional
services organization will sustain profitability. The failure to sustain the
profitability of its professional services organization could have a material
adverse effect on Prime Response's operating results and financial condition.
To gain initial acceptance of its products by clients in Prime Response's
targeted industries, it may elect on occasion to assist customers with the
implementation of Prime Response products at a loss. In the past, Prime
Response's cost of services revenues had been significantly higher than its
services revenues.

 Loss of key personnel could adversely affect Prime Response's business.

   Prime Response's future success depends to a significant degree on the
skills, experience and efforts of senior executive officers including Allen
Swann, its President, International and Gary Daniels, Vice President, Product
Development. Recently, James Carling, Prime Response's founder and Chief
Technology Officer and Paul Lavallee, its President, the Americas have
resigned from Prime Response and Peter J. Boni, Prime Response's President and
Chief Executive Officer and Frederick Phillips, its Chief Financial Officer
have tendered their resignations to Prime Response. The loss of one or more of
Prime Response's executive officers and other members of senior management
could have a material adverse effect on Prime Response. Prime Response also
depends on the ability of any additional executive officers and other members
of senior management to work effectively as a team. The loss of any additional
executive officers and other members of senior management could have a
material adverse effect on Prime Response. In addition, many of its executive
officers, members of senior management or other employees are not subject to
an agreement that prohibits them from competing with Prime Response after the
termination of their employment with Prime Response. Prime Response does not
maintain "key man" insurance on any of its executive officers or senior
management personnel.

 Prime Response may be unable to hire and retain the skilled personnel needed
 to succeed.

   Qualified personnel are in great demand throughout the software industry.
Prime Response's success depends in large part upon its ability to attract,
train, motivate and retain highly skilled employees, particularly sales and
technical personnel and other senior personnel. Prime Response's failure to
attract and retain the highly-trained technical personnel that are integral to
its product development, professional services and support teams may limit the
rate at which Prime Response can develop new products or product enhancements.
This could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition.

 Prime Response may be unable to protect its proprietary technology rights.

   Prime Response's success depends to a significant degree upon the
protection of its software and other proprietary technology rights. Prime
Response relies on trade secret, copyright and trademark laws and
confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, all of which
offer only limited protection. Moreover, the laws of the countries in which it
develops and markets its products may afford little or no effective protection
of its proprietary technology. The reverse engineering, unauthorized copying
or other misappropriation of its proprietary technology could enable third
parties to benefit from its technology without paying Prime Response for it.
This could have material adverse effect on Prime Response. Legal proceedings
to enforce its intellectual property rights could divert the time and
attention of management, be expensive and involve uncertainty of success.

 Claims by other companies that Prime Response's products infringe their
 proprietary rights, copyrights or patents could adversely affect its
 financial condition.

   If any of Prime Response's products are alleged to violate third-party
proprietary rights, it may be required to reengineer its products or seek to
obtain licenses from third parties to continue offering its products without

substantial reengineering. Any efforts to reengineer Prime Response products
or obtain licenses from third parties may be unsuccessful and, in any case,
could substantially increase its costs and have a material adverse effect on
Prime Response. Prime Response does not conduct comprehensive patent searches
to determine whether the technology used in its products infringes patents
held by third parties. In addition, product development is inherently
uncertain in a rapidly evolving technological environment in which there may
be numerous patent applications pending, many of which are confidential when
filed, with regard to similar technologies.

 Claims by other companies that Prime Response's names infringe their
 proprietary rights could adversely affect its financial condition.

   Third parties have claimed, and may in the future claim, that Prime
Response's company name or Prime Response's product names violate their
trademark or trade name rights. Prime Response has applied for registration of
some of Prime Response's trademarks in the United States but some have not yet
received approvals. Prime Response's use of the names Prime Response,
Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com, as well as the use of other names, may
result in costly litigation, divert management's attention and resources,
cause product shipment delays or require Prime Response to pay damages or to
enter into royalty or license agreements. Prime Response may be required to
stop using certain names currently used for its products. Any of these events
could have a material adverse effect on Prime Response's business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition.

 Prime Response's business could be adversely affected if Prime Response's
 products fail to perform properly.

   Software products as complex as Prime Response's may contain undetected
errors or bugs, which result in product failures or otherwise fail to perform
in accordance with client expectations. Prime Response's products may be
particularly susceptible to bugs or performance degradation because of the
emerging nature of Internet technologies and the stress that may be placed on
its products by the full deployment of its products over the Internet. Product
performance problems could result in loss of or delay in revenues, product
liability claims from customers, loss of market share, failure to achieve
market acceptance, diversion of development resources, or injury to its
reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business,
prospects, operating results and financial condition. There are some
outstanding disputes between Prime Response and some of its current clients
regarding product performance.

 Prime Response could incur substantial costs as a result of product liability
 claims relating to its clients' marketing efforts.

   Prime Response's products may be critical to its clients' marketing
efforts. If one of Prime Response's products fails, a client may assert a
claim for substantial damages against it, regardless of Prime Response's
responsibilities for such failure. Although Prime Response's form of license
agreement contains provisions limiting liability, including consequential
liability, product liability claims could require Prime Response to spend
significant time and money in litigation or to pay significant damages. There
can be no assurance that Prime Response's product liability, errors and
omissions or general liability insurance will prove sufficient to cover one or
more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any
future claim.

 Prime Response's business is subject to government regulation of the Internet
 and other legal uncertainties, which could negatively impact its operations.

   Laws and regulations directly applicable to communications or commerce over
the Internet are becoming more prevalent. The United States Congress recently
enacted Internet laws regarding privacy, copyrights, taxation and other
matters. In addition, the European Union recently enacted privacy regulations.
The laws governing the use of the Internet, however, remain largely unsettled,
even in areas where there has been some legislative action. It may take years
to determine whether and how existing laws such as those governing
intellectual property, privacy, libel and taxation apply to the Internet. In
addition, the growth and development of the market for online commerce may
prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws, both in the

United States and abroad, that may impose additional burdens on companies
conducting business online. The adoption or modification of laws or
regulations relating to the Internet could adversely affect Prime Response's
business. In particular, new regulations affecting the use of unsolicited e-
mail advertising would impair Prime Response's clients' marketing efforts and
could reduce the demand for its products.

 Privacy concerns and legislation may limit the information Prime Response's
 clients can gather, which could reduce the demand for its products.

   Privacy concerns may cause Website visitors to resist providing personal
data or avoid Websites that track the Internet behavioral information
necessary to support online profiling capabilities. Even the perception of
security or privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may have a similar effect.
The European Union recently adopted a directive addressing data privacy that
may limit the collection and use of certain information regarding Internet
users. This directive may limit Prime Response's clients' ability to target
advertising or collect and use information in certain European countries. In
addition, legislative or regulatory requirements may heighten these concerns
if businesses must notify Website users that the data captured after visiting
their Websites may be used to direct product promotion and advertising to that
user. Other countries and political entities, such as the European Union, have
adopted these types of restrictions. The United States may adopt similar
legislation or regulatory requirements. If privacy legislation is enacted or
consumer privacy concerns are not adequately addressed, Prime Response's
business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be
harmed.

   Websites typically use bits of information keyed to a specific server, file
pathway or directory location commonly referred to as "cookies," which are
placed on a customer's hard drive, possibly without the customer's knowledge
or consent, to track demographic information and target advertising. Prime
Response's clients may use cookies for a variety of reasons, including the
collection of data derived from the customer's Internet activity. Most
currently available Internet browsers allow Prime Response clients' customers
to remove cookies at any time or to prevent cookies from being stored on their
hard drives. In addition, some commentators, privacy advocates and
governmental bodies have suggested limiting or eliminating the use of cookies.
Any reduction or limitation of the use of cookies could limit the
effectiveness of Prime Response clients' sales and marketing efforts. The
Federal Trade Commission and several states are investigating the use by
Internet companies of personal information. New regulations regarding the use
of personal information could adversely impact the demand for Prime Response's
products.

 Prime Response's common stock is particularly subject to volatility because
 of Prime Response's industry.

   The stock market in general has recently experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations. In addition, the market prices of securities of
technology companies, particularly Internet-related companies, have been
extremely volatile, and have experienced fluctuations that have often been
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of such companies.
These broad market fluctuations has and could continue to adversely affect the
market price of Prime Response's common stock.

   Prime Response could be subject to class action litigation due to stock
price volatility, which, if it occurs, will distract Prime Response's
management and could result in substantial costs or large judgments against
the company.

   In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought
against companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of
their securities. Prime Response may be the target of similar litigation in
the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert
Prime Response's management's attention and resources, which could cause
serious harm to Prime Response's business, operating results and financial
condition or dilution to Prime Response's stockholders.

 The significant control over stockholder voting matters that may be exercised
 by Prime Response's executive officers and directors may deprive stockholders
 of the ability to influence corporate actions.

   Prime Response's executive officers and directors and their affiliates
together control [     ] shares or approximately [  ]% of the outstanding
common stock as of the record date. As a result, these stockholders, if they
act together, will be able to control all matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant
corporate transactions like the proposed merger with Chordiant. This
concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or
deterring or approving a change in control of Prime Response, could deprive
Prime Response's stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their
common stock as part of a sale of Prime Response and might affect the market
price of Prime Response's common stock.

                 THE SPECIAL MEETING OF CHORDIANT STOCKHOLDERS

General

   Chordiant is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to holders of
Chordiant common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the
Chordiant board of directors for use at the special meeting of stockholders of
Chordiant to be held on [     ], [      ], 2001, and any adjournment or
postponement thereof.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being mailed to stockholders of
Chordiant on or about [      ], 2001.

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

   The special meeting will be held on [      ], [      ], 2001, at 9:00 a.m.,
local time, at the principal offices of Chordiant, 20400 Stevens Creek Blvd.,
Suite 400, Cupertino, CA 95014.

Matters to be Considered at the Special Meeting

   At the Chordiant special meeting, and any adjournment or postponement
thereof, Chordiant stockholders will be asked to consider and vote upon a
proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in the
merger and to transact such other business as may properly come before the
special meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.

Record Date

   Chordiant's board of directors has fixed the close of business on [     ],
2001, as the record date for determination of Chordiant stockholders entitled
to notice of and to vote at the special meeting.

Voting of Proxies

   Chordiant requests that its stockholders complete, date and sign the proxy
card and promptly return it by mail in the accompanying envelope. Brokers
holding shares in "street name" may vote the shares only if the stockholder
provides instructions on how to vote. Brokers will provide directions on how to
instruct the broker to vote the shares. All properly signed and dated proxies
that Chordiant receives prior to the vote at the special meeting, and that are
not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on the
proxies or, if no direction is indicated, "FOR" the issuance of shares of
Chordiant common stock in the merger.

   Stockholders may revoke their proxies at any time prior to their use:

  . by delivering to the secretary of Chordiant a signed notice of revocation
    or a later-dated, signed proxy; or

  . by attending the special meeting and voting in person.

   Attendance at the special meeting does not in itself constitute the
revocation of a proxy.

Vote Required

   As of the close of business on [    ], 2001, the record date for the special
meeting, there were [     ] shares of Chordiant common stock outstanding and
entitled to vote, held by approximately [   ] holders of record. The
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast at the special
meeting is required for approval of the issuance of the shares of Chordiant
common stock in the merger.

   As of the record date for the special meeting, the directors and executive
officers of Chordiant and their affiliates owned approximately [     ] shares
of Chordiant common stock, which represented approximately [   ]% of the
outstanding shares of Chordiant common stock entitled to vote at the special
meeting.

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

   The required quorum for the transaction of business at the special meeting
is holders, present in person or by proxy, of a majority of the shares of
Chordiant common stock issued and outstanding on the record date. Abstentions
and broker non-votes each will be included in determining the number of shares
present and voting at the meeting for the purpose of determining the presence
of a quorum. Because the approval of the issuance of shares of Chordiant common
stock pursuant to the merger requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Chordiant common stock entitled to vote, abstentions and
broker non-votes will have the same effect as votes against the issuance of
Chordiant shares pursuant to the merger. In addition, the failure of a
Chordiant stockholder to return a proxy or to vote in person will have the
effect of a vote against the proposal to issue shares of Chordiant common stock
pursuant to the merger. Brokers holding shares for beneficial owners cannot
vote on the proposal to issues shares of Chordiant common stock pursuant to the
merger without the owners' specific instructions. Accordingly, Chordiant
stockholders are encouraged to return the enclosed proxy card marked to
indicate their vote.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

   Chordiant has retained the services of Corporate Investor Communications,
Inc. to assist in the solicitation of proxies from Chordiant stockholders. The
fees to be paid to the firm by Chordiant for these services are not expected to
exceed $6,500.00 plus reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. In addition to
solicitation by mail, the directors, officers and employees of Chordiant may
solicit proxies from stockholders by telephone, e-mail, facsimile, in person or
otherwise. Chordiant will bear the costs of solicitation of proxies from its
stockholders, except that Chordiant and Prime Response will each pay one-half
the cost of printing this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the registration
statement of which it is a part.

   Brokerage houses, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians will be
requested to forward soliciting materials to beneficial owners and will be
reimbursed for their reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxy materials to
beneficial owners.

No Dissenters' or Appraisal Rights

   Chordiant stockholders will not be entitled to exercise dissenters' or
appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

Other Matters

   No other matters may be brought before the special meeting. Under
Chordiant's bylaws, business transacted at the special meeting will be limited
to the purpose stated in the notice accompanying this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. No other purpose has been stated in the notice
accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Stockholder Proposals for the Chordiant 2001 Annual Meeting

   Proposals of stockholders of Chordiant that are intended to be presented at
Chordiant's 2001 Annual Meeting must be timely delivered, in writing, to
Chordiant's secretary. Under Chordiant's amended and restated bylaws, in order
to be deemed properly brought before an annual meeting, notice must be
delivered to, or mailed and received at Chordiant's principal executive offices
not later than the close of business on the 60th day nor earlier than the close
of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding
year's annual meeting; provided however, that in the event that no annual
meeting was held in the previous year or

the date of the annual meeting has changed more than 30 days from the date
contemplated at the time of the previous year's proxy statement, notice by the
stockholder, to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of
business on the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the
close of business on the later of the 60th day prior to such annual meeting, or
in the event public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is first
made by the corporation fewer than 70 days prior to the date of such annual
meeting, the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which such
public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by Chordiant.

   The stockholder's notice must set forth, as to each proposed matter: (1) a
brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting; (2)
the name and address, as they appear on Chordiant's books, of the stockholder
proposing such business, (3) the class and number of shares of stock of
Chordiant which are owned beneficially by the stockholder; and (4) any material
interest of the stockholder in such business, and (5) any other information
that is required to be provided by the stockholder pursuant to Regulation 14A
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. If the chairman of the
meeting determines that such business has not been properly brought before the
meeting, then such business shall not be transacted.

Board Recommendation

   The Chordiant board of directors has concluded that the proposal to approve
the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger is advisable and
in the best interests of Chordiant and its stockholders and has approved and
adopted the proposal. Accordingly, the Chordiant board of directors recommends
that all Chordiant stockholders vote "FOR" the issuance of shares of Chordiant
common stock in the merger.

   The matter to be considered at the special meeting is of great importance to
the stockholders of Chordiant. Accordingly, Chordiant stockholders are
encouraged to read and carefully consider the information presented in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign and promptly
return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.

               THE SPECIAL MEETING OF PRIME RESPONSE STOCKHOLDERS

General

   Prime Response is furnishing this joint proxy statement/prospectus to
holders of Prime Response common stock in connection with the solicitation of
proxies by the Prime Response board of directors for use at the special meeting
of stockholders of Prime Response to be held on [    ], [    ], 2001, and any
adjournment or postponement thereof.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being mailed to stockholders of
Prime Response on or about [    ], 2001. This joint proxy statement/prospectus
is also being furnished to Prime Response stockholders as a prospectus in
connection with the issuance by Chordiant of shares of Chordiant common stock
as contemplated by the merger agreement.

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

   The special meeting will be held on [    ], [     ], 2001, at 9:00 a.m.,
local time, at the offices of Hale and Dorr LLP, 26th Floor, 60 State Street,
Boston, Massachusetts 02109.

Matters to be Considered at the Special Meeting

   At the Prime Response special meeting, and any adjournment or postponement
thereof, Prime Response stockholders will be asked to consider and vote upon a
proposal to adopt the merger agreement, pursuant to which a subsidiary of
Chordiant will merge with and into Prime Response, Prime Response will become a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Chordiant, and each outstanding share of Prime
Response common stock will be converted into the right to receive 0.60 of a
share of Chordiant common stock (with cash for fractional shares).

Record Date

   Prime Response's board of directors has fixed the close of business on
[    ], 2001, as the record date for determination of Prime Response
stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting.

Voting of Proxies

   Prime Response requests that its stockholders complete, date and sign the
proxy card and promptly return it by mail in the accompanying envelope. Brokers
holding shares in "street name" may vote the shares only if the stockholder
provides instructions on how to vote. Brokers will provide directions on how to
instruct the broker to vote the shares. All properly signed and dated proxies
that Prime Response receives prior to the vote at the special meeting, and that
are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with the instructions indicated on
the proxies or, if no direction is indicated, "FOR" the adoption of the merger
agreement.

   Stockholders may revoke their proxies at any time prior to their use:

  . by delivering to the secretary of Prime Response a signed notice of
    revocation or a later-dated, signed proxy; or

  . by attending the special meeting and voting in person.

   Attendance at the special meeting does not in itself constitute the
revocation of a proxy.

Votes Required

   As of the close of business on [    ], 2001, the record date for the special
meeting, there were [     ] shares of Prime Response common stock outstanding
and entitled to vote, held by approximately [   ] holders of record. The
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock

entitled to vote thereon must vote to adopt the merger agreement. Prime
Response stockholders have one vote per share of Prime Response common stock
owned on the record date.

   As of the record date for the special meeting, the directors and executive
officers of Prime Response and their affiliates owned approximately [    ]
shares of Prime Response common stock, which represented approximately [   ]%
of the outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock entitled to vote at
the special meeting. Certain affiliated entities of General Atlantic Partners,
LLC, a principal stockholder of Prime Response whose representatives also sit
on the board of directors of Prime Response, have entered into voting
agreements with Chordiant dated as of January 8, 2001. These entities have
agreed pursuant to the terms of the voting agreements to vote a significant
number of the shares of Prime Response common stock owned by them as of the
record date in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. They have
also granted Chordiant irrevocable proxies to vote their shares of Prime
Response common stock in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.
Approximately 8,192,828 shares of Prime Response common stock, which represents
approximately 40% of the outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock as
of the record date, are subject to the voting agreements. See "Voting
Agreements."

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

   The required quorum for the transaction of business at the special meeting
is holders, present in person or by proxy, of a majority of the shares of Prime
Response common stock issued and outstanding on the record date. Abstentions
and broker non-votes each will be included in determining the number of shares
present and voting at the meeting for the purpose of determining the presence
of a quorum. Because adoption of the merger agreement requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock
entitled to vote, abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as
votes against the adoption of the merger agreement. In addition, the failure of
a Prime Response stockholder to return a proxy or to vote in person will have
the effect of a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement. Brokers
holding shares for beneficial owners cannot vote on the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement without the owners' specific instructions. Accordingly, Prime
Response stockholders are encouraged to return the enclosed proxy card marked
to indicate their vote.

Solicitation of Proxies and Expenses

   The directors, officers and employees of Prime Response may solicit proxies
from stockholders by telephone, e-mail, facsimile, mail or in person. Brokerage
houses, nominees, fiduciaries and other custodians will be requested to forward
soliciting materials to beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their
reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxy materials to beneficial owners.
Prime Response will bear its own expenses in connection with the solicitation
of proxies for its special meeting of stockholders, except that Chordiant and
Prime Response each will pay one-half of all printing and filing costs and
expenses incurred in connection with this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
the registration statement of which it is a part.

No Dissenters' or Appraisal Rights

   Prime Response stockholders will not be entitled to dissenters' or appraisal
rights in connection with the merger.

Other Matters

   No other matters may be brought before the special meeting. Under Prime
Response's bylaws, business transacted at the special meeting will be limited
to the purpose stated in the notice accompanying this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. No other purpose has been stated in the notice
accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Stockholder Proposals for the Prime Response 2001 Annual Meeting

   If the merger is not completed, proposals of stockholders of Prime Response
that are intended to be presented at Prime Response's 2001 Annual Meeting must
be timely delivered to or received by Prime Response's secretary. Under Prime
Response's amended and restated bylaws, in order to be deemed properly
presented, notice must be delivered to, or mailed and received at Prime
Response's principal executive offices not less than 60 days nor more than 90
days prior to the meeting; provided however, that in the event that 70 days
notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or made
to stockholders, notice by the stockholder, to be timely, must be so received
not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on
which such notice of the date of the meeting was mailed, or such public
disclosure was made, whichever occurs first.

   The stockholder's notice must set forth, as to each proposed matter: (1) a
brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting and
the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (2) the name
and address, as they appear on Prime Response's books, of the stockholder
proposing such business, (3) the class and number of shares of stock of Prime
Response which are owned beneficially by the stockholder; and (4) any material
interest of the stockholder in such business. If the chairman of the meeting
determines that such business has not been properly brought before the meeting,
then such business shall not be transacted.

Board Recommendation

   The Prime Response board of directors has determined that the merger
agreement and the merger are advisable and fair to and in the best interests of
Prime Response and its stockholders. Accordingly, the Prime Response board of
directors has approved the merger agreement and the merger and recommends that
stockholders vote "FOR" adoption of the merger agreement.

   The matter to be considered at the special meeting is of great importance to
the stockholders of Prime Response. Accordingly, Prime Response stockholders
are encouraged to read and carefully consider the information presented in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, and to complete, date, sign and promptly
return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.

   Prime Response stockholders should not send any stock certificates with
their proxy cards. A transmittal form with instructions for the surrender of
Prime Response common stock certificates will be mailed to Prime Response
stockholders promptly after completion of the merger. For more information
regarding the procedures for exchanging Prime Response stock certificates for
Chordiant stock certificates, see "Certain Terms of the Merger Agreement--
Manner and Basis of Converting Shares."

                                   THE MERGER

General

   This section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus describes aspects of
the proposed merger that are considered to be important. The discussion of the
merger in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the description of the
principal terms of the merger agreement are only summaries of the material
features of the proposed merger. You can obtain a more complete understanding
of the merger by reading the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. You are encouraged to read
the merger agreement and the other annexes to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus in their entirety.

General Description of the Merger

   At the effective time of the merger, Puccini Acquisition Corp., a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Chordiant, will be merged with and into Prime Response.
Prime Response will be the surviving corporation and will continue as a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Chordiant. In the merger, each share of Prime Response
common stock outstanding at the effective time of the merger will automatically
be converted into 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock (and cash in lieu
of any fractional share).

   Based on the number of shares of Chordiant common stock and Prime Response
common stock outstanding as of the record date, approximately [     ] shares of
Chordiant common stock will be issuable pursuant to the merger agreement in
exchange for outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock, representing
approximately [   ]% of the total Chordiant common stock to be outstanding
after such issuance. This assumes that no Prime Response or Chordiant stock
options or warrants are exercised after the record date and before the
effective time of the merger.

Background of the Merger

   The terms and conditions of the merger agreement and merger are the result
of arm's length negotiations between representatives of Chordiant and
representatives of Prime Response. Set forth below is a summary of the
background of these negotiations.

   Chordiant and Prime Response have been familiar with each other's businesses
for a number of years. Senior executives of the two companies have previously
encountered one another in a variety of business and industry settings.

   Throughout the summer and early fall of 2000, Prime Response engaged in
discussions with a number of companies concerning potential business
combinations or other partnering transactions.

   On May 23, 2000, Peter Boni, Prime Response's President and Chief Executive
Officer, met with representatives of Thomas Weisel Partners, to explore
strategic partnership options, including a possible marketing partnership with
some of Thomas Weisel Partners' clients.

   On June 21, 2000, Samuel Spadafora, Chordiant's Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Chordiant board of directors called Mr. Boni to explore
strategic partnership options, including a possible marketing partnership.

   During July 2000, Thomas Weisel Partners discussed with Chordiant various
topics related to a possible transaction with Prime Response. The engagement of
Thomas Weisel Partners was confirmed in writing by an engagement letter dated
October 24, 2000. On July 12, 2000, Thomas Weisel Partners gave Mr. Spadafora,
Steven Springsteel, Chordiant's then current Chief Financial Officer, Don
Morrison, Executive Vice President, Business Development and Marketing, David
Bernstein, Vice President of Strategic Business Development and

Joseph Tumminaro, Chief Technology Officer of Chordiant, a briefing on Prime
Response's financial and product background.

   On July 13, 2000, Mr. Boni and James Carling, Chief Technology Officer of
Prime Response, and Frederick Phillips, Chief Financial Officer of Prime
Response, met with Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Springsteel, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Bernstein
and Mr. Tumminaro at Chordiant's offices to exchange information about their
respective companies. Prior to this meeting and on the same day, Chordiant and
Prime Response executed a mutual confidentiality agreement containing customary
terms and conditions regarding the confidential treatment of information
furnished by either party. During this meeting, both parties agreed to begin a
marketing and co-selling strategic partnership, and both parties expressed an
interest in exploring the possibility of a merger transaction involving
Chordiant and Prime Response.

   On July 21, 2000, senior management of Chordiant met with the board of
directors of Chordiant to, among other things, outline Chordiant's merger and
acquisition strategy and strategic partnering strategy. The board of directors
of Chordiant authorized senior management of Chordiant to continue to
investigate potential strategic partners and acquisition candidates.

   On July 24, 2000, Mr. Boni and Mr. Phillips met with the board of directors
of Prime Response, to, among other things, outline different acquisitions
proposals which had been presented to Prime Response and to analyze the
strengths and weaknesses of each proposal.

   On August 10, 2000, Mr. Bernstein and representatives of Thomas Weisel
Partners met with Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips and representatives of Robertson
Stephens, the exclusive financial advisor to Prime Response engaged by Prime
Response pursuant to an engagement letter between Prime Response and Robertson
Stephens dated October 4, 1999. During this meeting, Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips and
representatives of Robertson Stephens gave Mr. Bernstein and representatives of
Thomas Weisel Partners a due diligence overview of Prime Response's business in
connection with investigating the possibility of a merger transaction between
Chordiant and Prime Response. At various times during the meeting, Gary
Daniels, Vice President of Product Development for Prime Response, and Allen
Swann, President, International for Prime Response, were teleconferenced in
from their United Kingdom offices to answer certain questions.

   On August 15, 2000, Mr. Bernstein met with Ian Bowles, Senior Vice
President, International, Andrew Cutler, Vice President of Application
Consulting and Product Marketing and Tony O'Donnell, Vice President of
Alliances, International of Prime Response, in the United Kingdom to review the
possibility of integrating Prime Response's product line with Chordiant's
current products and the possible business synergies between the two companies.

   On September 18, 2000, Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Springsteel, Mr. Morrison and Mr.
Bernstein met with Marc McMorris, a director of Prime Response and a principal
of General Atlantic Partners, LLC ("GAP"), a principal stockholder of Prime
Response, in Chicago. At this meeting, Chordiant made an oral non-binding
proposal to Prime Response regarding a possible stock-for-stock merger
transaction involving Chordiant and Prime Response. This proposal included,
among other terms, a proposed exchange ratio of 0.60 of a share of Chordiant
stock for each share of Prime Response common stock. The closing price of
Chordiant's common stock on September 18, 2000 was $10.50 and the closing price
of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $4.50. At this exchange
ratio, the implied price of Prime Response stock price on September 18, 2000
was $6.30 (determined by multiplying $10.50 by 0.60) and the implied equity
value of Prime Response was approximately $137.5 million.

   On September 20, 2000 a term sheet outlining Chordiant's proposal was
exchanged between the two parties and negotiation of the term sheet occurred
between September 20, 2000 and October 3, 2000. During that time, Chordiant and
Prime Response were unable to come to an agreement on the terms of the proposed
transaction between Chordiant and Prime Response. On October 5, 2000, Mr. Boni
called Mr. Bernstein to indicate that continued discussions between the two
companies would not be productive at that time.

   Throughout the week of October 11, 2000, Mr. Bernstein spoke with Mr. Boni
by telephone to discuss the possibility of pursing a strategic partnership. On
October 17, 2000, Chordiant and Prime Response agreed that they would pursue a
marketing partnership and also decided to resume discussions with respect to a
proposed merger transaction between the two companies. On October 18, 2000, a
revised term sheet, including a possible exchange ratio of 0.65 of a share of
Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime Response common stock, was sent
to Mr. Boni. The closing price of Chordiant's common stock on October 18, 2000
was $6.38 and the closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date
was $2.94. At this exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common
stock on October 18, 2000 was $4.15 (determined by multiplying $6.38 by 0.65)
and the implied equity value of Prime Response on October 18, 2000 was
approximately $86.2 million.

   On October 20, 2000, Mr. Spadafora made a presentation to the Chordiant
board of directors regarding the status of the current negotiations between
Chordiant and Prime Response. After discussion, the board of directors
authorized senior management of Chordiant to continue discussions and
negotiations with Prime Response regarding the proposed merger.

   On October 25, 2000, Mr. Morrison and Mr. Bernstein met with Mr. McMorris
and Mr. Boni. From October 25, 2000 until October 27, 2000, revised term sheets
outlining terms surrounding a possible merger transaction between Chordiant and
Prime Response were exchanged. On October 26, 2000, a revised term sheet,
including a possible exchange ratio of 0.70 of a share of Chordiant common
stock for each share of Prime Response common stock, was sent to Mr. Boni. The
closing price of Chordiant's common stock on October 26, 2000 was $7.38 and the
closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $2.94. At this
exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common stock on October 26,
2000 was $5.17 (determined by multiplying $7.38 by 0.70) and the implied equity
value of Prime Response on October 26, 2000 was approximately $109.8 million.

   Between October 30, 2000 and November 1, 2000, Mr. Boni informed various
executive officers of Chordiant that Prime Response was considering other
acquisition proposals from third parties.

   On November 1, 2000, Mr. Boni made a presentation to the Prime Response
board of directors regarding the status of the current negotiations between
Chordiant and Prime Response and other potential strategic alternatives.

   On November 2, 2000, Mr. Boni called Mr. Bernstein to inform him that Prime
Response had chosen to enter into a merger transaction with another corporation
and that the proposed merger transaction between Prime Response and Chordiant
would no longer be feasible. A merger agreement between Prime Response and the
other corporation was never executed.

   On November 15, 2000, Mr. McMorris called Mr. Spadafora, and Mr. Boni called
Mr. Bernstein to inquire about resuming discussions with Chordiant regarding a
merger transaction between the companies.

   Between November 16 and November 17, 2000, representatives of the two
companies decided that, subject to a number of significant contingencies,
including approval by both companies' board of directors and stockholders,
receipt of fairness opinions from their respective investment bankers, as well
as completion of due diligence, and agreement on various open issues, the two
companies would proceed towards negotiation and execution of a merger
agreement.

   On November 17, 2000, Mr. McMorris made a presentation to the Prime Response
board of directors regarding the status of the current negotiations between
Chordiant and Prime Response. After discussion, the board of directors
authorized senior management of Prime Response to continue discussions and
negotiations with Chordiant and to enter into a non-binding term sheet. On the
same day, Chordiant delivered to Prime Response a non-binding term sheet
containing an outline of the principal terms of a possible transaction and both
parties executed a letter agreement, which included "no shop" provisions
prohibiting Prime Response from soliciting or entertaining acquisition
proposals from third parties for a limited period of time. Based on

changes in circumstances since the parties' discussions in September and
October, the representatives of the companies discussed key elements of the
proposed transaction, including a possible exchange ratio of 0.70 of a share of
Chordiant common stock for each share of Prime Response common stock. The
closing price of Chordiant's common stock on November 17, 2000 was $4.38 and
the closing price of Prime Response's common stock on that date was $3.06. At
this exchange ratio, the implied price of Prime Response common stock on
November 17, 2000 was $3.07 (determined by multiplying $4.38 by 0.70) and the
implied equity value of Prime Response on November 17, 2000 was approximately
$62.8 million.

   On November 22, 2000, outside legal counsel to Chordiant delivered a first
draft of a merger agreement to outside legal counsel to Prime Response. On the
same day, due diligence request lists were exchanged between the two parties.
Representatives of both companies and their respective outside legal counsel
and financial advisors exchanged various telephone calls with a view toward
preparing for due diligence efforts. The due diligence investigations continued
through December 17, 2000. Due diligence efforts were suspended on December 18,
2000, resumed on January 3, 2001 and continued until the merger agreement was
executed on January 8, 2001.

   During the period from November 22, 2000 to December 17, 2000, Prime
Response's management team and legal, financial and accounting advisors met by
telephonic conference call to review and summarize the progress of their due
diligence and the negotiation of the merger.

   On November 28, 2000, representatives from both Prime Response and Chordiant
met in Boston to discuss the proposed merger involving the two companies.

   On November 29, 2000, a due diligence meeting was held in Boston.
Representatives of Prime Response made presentations about the company's
business model and sales outlook and answered questions during the meeting. The
attendees included: Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Bernstein, Stephen Kelly,
President and Chief Operating Officer of Chordiant, Mr. Boni, Mr. Phillips,
Terence Osborne, Chairman of the board of directors of Prime Response, Mark
Abbott, Vice President of Product Planning for Prime Response, Mr. Carling,
Mary Jefts, Vice President of Finance of Prime Response, Paul Lavallee,
President, the Americas for Prime Response, Mr. Swann, Craig Zajac, Corporate
Counsel of Prime Response, Steven Gal, Vice President of Marketing of Prime
Response, James Plantan, Vice President of Business Development of Prime
Response, Mr. McMorris and Rajeev Shah, an associate for GAP. Representatives
from Thomas Weisel Partners and Robertson Stephens also took part in this due
diligence meeting.

   On December 5, 2000, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Morrison and Mr. Cary Morgan, Acting
Chief Financial Officer, Acting Chief Accounting Officer, Acting Secretary,
Vice President and Controller of Chordiant held a due diligence conference call
whereby they provided certain members of senior management of Prime Response
and certain members of the board of directors of Prime Response, including Mr.
Boni, Mr. Phillips and Mr. McMorris, sales outlook and other sales information
about Chordiant and answered questions about such information. Representatives
from Thomas Weisel Partners and Robertson Stephens also took part in this due
diligence conference call.

   On December 6, 2000, Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morrison, Mr. Morgan and Mr.
Bernstein held a further due diligence conference call whereby they provided
certain members of senior management of Prime Response and certain members or
representatives of the board of directors of Prime Response, including Mr.
Boni, Mr. Phillips, Mr. McMorris, Franchon M. Smithson, a partner for GAP and
Mr. Shah, financial, customer, marketing and product information about
Chordiant and answered questions about Chordiant's business. Representatives
from Thomas Weisel Partners and Robertson Stephens also took part in this due
diligence conference call.

   During the period from December 7, 2000 until December 17, 2000,
representatives of Chordiant and representatives of Prime Response and the
respective outside legal counsels and financial advisors to Chordiant and Prime
Response had numerous meetings and telephone conferences during which the
merger agreement and various related agreements were discussed and negotiated.

   On December 15, 2000, Mr. Boni provided Mr. Spadafora, Mr. Morgan and Mr.
Morrison with an update on Prime Response's business and the outlook for the
fourth quarter of 2000.

   On December 15, 2000, the Prime Response board of directors met by
telephonic conference call to review the terms of the merger agreement. After
reviewing the terms of the agreement and discussing the benefits and risks of
the merger and the board's fiduciary duties with its legal and financial
advisors, the Prime Response board of directors approved the merger agreement.

   On December 16, 2000, the Chordiant board of directors held a conference
call with members of Chordiant's senior management, members of Chordiant's
outside legal counsel and representatives of Thomas Weisel Partners to discuss
the proposed terms of the merger agreement, results of due diligence and the
strategic opportunities presented by the proposed merger. Thomas Weisel
Partners presented a detailed financial analysis of the proposed merger.
Representatives of Cooley Godward LLP discussed the key legal issues presented
by the proposed merger agreement and related agreements and also made a
presentation to the Chordiant board of directors regarding the results of due
diligence. The members of the Chordiant board of directors present at the
meeting inquired as to the results of the due diligence efforts and the
potential benefits and risks to Chordiant of the proposed merger. At the
conclusion of the financial review and discussion of the terms of the merger
agreement, Thomas Weisel Partners provided the Chordiant board of directors
with financial advice. The board of directors identified certain terms and
conditions that should be included in the definitive merger agreement and
authorized senior management of Chordiant to continue negotiations with Prime
Response, subject to meeting the identified terms and conditions.

   On December 16, 2000, Mr. Spadafora called Mr. Boni to discuss certain
proposed terms and conditions to the proposed merger. Despite negotiating these
terms and conditions throughout the day, the parties were unable to come to an
agreement.

   Certain members of the Chordiant board of directors held another conference
call on December 17, 2000 with senior management of Chordiant and Chordiant's
outside legal counsel to discuss the status of the proposed merger, including
certain terms and conditions of the merger agreement. After discussion, the
Chordiant board of directors approved the merger agreement, the related
agreements, including the voting agreements, and the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement and the related agreements, subject to certain terms
and conditions being included in the definitive merger agreement and successful
completion of negotiations. On the same day, Mr. Spadafora, various other
members of Chordiant's senior management and Chordiant's outside legal counsel
once again discussed and negotiated the proposed terms of the merger agreement
with representatives of Prime Response and Prime Response's outside legal
counsel. The parties were unable to come to an agreement on the proposed terms
of the merger agreement.

   On December 18, 2000, both Chordiant and Prime Response decided to cease
discussions related to a proposed merger at this time.

   During the week of December 18, 2000, Mr. William Ford, a general partner of
GAP and Mr. Spadafora had a number of phone discussions to discuss the
possibility of resuming negotiations between the parties.

   On December 26, 2000, Mr. Spadafora and Mr. Morrison held a conference call
with Mr. Ford and Mr. McMorris to discuss possible deal terms.

   Between December 26, 2000 and December 29, 2000, Mr. Morrison and Mr.
McMorris discussed the various terms and conditions of the merger agreement in
an attempt to come to a mutual agreement.

   On December 28, 2000, Prime Response's outside legal counsel forwarded
senior management of Chordiant and Chordiant's outside legal counsel a proposal
with respect to certain conditions of closing in the merger agreement.

   During the period from January 3, 2001 until January 8, 2001,
representatives of Chordiant and of Prime Response and their respective outside
legal counsel had numerous telephone conferences during which the proposed
merger, merger agreement and various related agreements were again discussed
and negotiated.

   On January 4, 2001, the Chordiant board of directors met again by telephone
conference to discuss the proposed merger. Thomas Weisel Partners updated its
financial review with respect to the proposed merger. The Chordiant board of
directors, members of Chordiant management and representatives of Chordiant's
outside legal counsel and Thomas Weisel Partners discussed the terms of the
merger agreement, including, based on changes in circumstances since December,
a possible exchange ratio of 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock for each
share of Prime Response common stock. The closing price of Chordiant's common
stock on January 4, 2001 was $3.47 and the closing price of Prime Response's
common stock on January 4, 2001 was $1.03. At this exchange ratio, the implied
price of Prime Response common stock on January 4, 2001 was $2.08 (determined
by multiplying $3.47 by 0.60) and the implied equity value of Prime Response on
January 4, 2001 was approximately $42.6 million. At the conclusion of the
financial review and discussion of the terms of the merger agreement, Thomas
Weisel Partners provided the Chordiant board of directors with an oral opinion,
superceding the oral opinion Thomas Weisel Partners provided the Chordiant
board of directors on December 16, 2000 and subsequently confirmed in writing,
that as of that date and based upon certain assumptions and qualifications, the
exchange ratio in the merger agreement (0.60 of a share of Chordiant common
stock for each share of Prime Response common stock) was fair to Chordiant from
a financial point of view. After discussion, the Chordiant board of directors
approved the merger agreement, the related agreements, including the voting
agreements, and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the
related agreements, subject to successful completion of negotiations, and
authorized the officers of Chordiant to finalize and execute the merger
agreement and related agreements.

   On January 5, 2001, the Prime Response board of directors met again to
discuss the proposed merger. At the meeting, Robertson Stephens updated its
financial review with respect to the proposed merger. The board of directors,
members of Prime Response's management and representatives of Prime Response's
outside legal counsel and Robertson Stephens discussed the terms of the merger
agreement and related agreements. At the conclusion of the financial review and
discussion of the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements,
Robertson Stephens provided the Prime Response board of directors with an oral
opinion (subsequently confirmed in writing) that, based upon certain
assumptions and qualifications, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger
agreement was fair to the holders of Prime Response common stock from a
financial point of view. After full discussion, the Prime Response board of
directors approved the merger agreement, the related agreements and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the related agreements
and authorized the officers of Prime Response to finalize and execute the
merger agreement and related agreements.

   On January 8, 2001, upon completion of all negotiations and finalization of
all agreements, the parties executed and delivered the merger agreement and
certain of the related agreements, and at the close of market on January 8,
2001, Chordiant and Prime Response issued a joint press release announcing the
transaction.

Reasons for the Merger

   The following discussion of the parties' reasons for the merger contains a
number of forward-looking statements that reflect the current views of
Chordiant or Prime Response with respect to future events that may have an
effect on their future financial performance. Forward-looking statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ
materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking
statements. Cautionary statements that identify important factors that could
cause or contribute to differences in results and outcomes include those
discussed in "Summary--Forward-Looking Information" and "Risk Factors."

 Chordiant's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of the Chordiant Board
 of Directors

   Chordiant's board of directors determined that the terms of the merger and
the merger agreement are fair to, and in the best interests of, Chordiant and
its stockholders. Chordiant's board of directors consulted with

Chordiant's senior management, as well as its legal counsel and financial
advisors in reaching its decision to approve the merger and the merger
agreement. Chordiant's primary reasons for seeking to complete the merger with
Prime Response are the beliefs of the board of directors and management of
Chordiant that the merger could result in a number of benefits, including the
following:

  . entry into new strategic market segments for Chordiant, with the
    potential for growth through an established market leader;

  . the ability of the combined company to offer existing and potential
    customers complementary and expanded product lines;

  . Prime Response's marketing software applications, technologies and
    technical, engineering and sales expertise, which are in high demand and
    in short supply; and

  . the ability of the two companies to combine their technological resources
    to develop new and improved products and additional applications.

   In reaching its determination that the merger is in the best interests of
Chordiant and its stockholders, the board of directors of Chordiant considered
a number of factors, including the factors discussed above and listed below.
The conclusions reached by the board of directors of Chordiant with respect to
these factors supported its determination that the merger and the issuance of
shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger were fair to, and in the best
interests of, Chordiant:

  . the judgment, advice and analyses of Chordiant's management with respect
    to the potential strategic, financial and operational benefits of the
    merger, including Chordiant management's favorable recommendation of the
    merger, based in part on the business, technical, financial and
    accounting due diligence investigations performed with respect to Prime
    Response;

  . the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements, including price
    and structure, which were considered by both the board of directors and
    management of Chordiant to provide a fair and equitable basis for the
    merger;

  . the complementary fit between Chordiant's and Prime Response's market
    segments, which should facilitate integration of the two companies; and

  . the opinion of Thomas Weisel Partners that, based on and subject to
    matters set forth in its opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the
    merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Chordiant.

   The board of directors of Chordiant also considered a number of potentially
negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger. The potentially
negative factors considered by the board of directors of Chordiant included:

  . the risk that the merger might not be completed in a timely manner or at
    all;

  . the potential negative impact of any customer or partner confusion after
    announcement of the proposed merger;

  . the potential negative reaction of the financial community after
    announcement of the proposed merger;

  . the potential dilutive effect on Chordiant's common stock price if
    revenue and earnings expectations of the combined company are not met;

  . the fact that Prime Response had not met securities analysts'
    expectations with respect to earnings and revenues in 2000 and may not
    meet such expectations in 2001;

  . risks related to the future operation of Prime Response's business,
    including potential adverse effects arising from circumstances that
    existed prior to the signing of the merger agreement;

  . the fact that Chordiant would have to consummate the merger even if
    during the pre-closing period, a change, effect, event, occurrence, state
    of facts or development occurs that has had or could reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
    condition or results of operations of Prime Response and its
    subsidiaries;

  . the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized,
    including Chordiant's inability to retain the key technical and
    engineering employees of Prime Response;

  . the general difficulties of integrating products, employees, technologies
    and companies;

  . the costs associated with the merger, including merger related
    transaction costs and costs associated with severance arrangements with
    certain employees; and

  . the other risks and uncertainties discussed above under "Risk Factors."

   The foregoing discussion of information and factors considered by the
Chordiant board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive but is believed
to include all material factors considered by the board. In view of the wide
variety of factors considered by the Chordiant board of directors, the
Chordiant board of directors did not find it practicable to quantify or
otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered. In
addition, the board of directors did not reach any specific conclusion on each
factor considered, or any aspect of any particular factor, but conducted an
overall analysis of these factors. Individual members of the Chordiant board of
directors may have given different weights to different factors. After taking
into account all of the factors set forth above, however, the Chordiant board
of directors agreed that the merger agreement and the merger were fair to, and
in the best interests of, Chordiant and its stockholders and that Chordiant
should proceed with the merger.

   There can be no assurance that the benefits of the potential growth,
synergies or opportunities considered by the Chordiant board of directors will
be achieved through consummation of the merger. See "Risk Factors."

   FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, CHORDIANT'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS APPROVED
THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF CHORDIANT COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER AND RECOMMENDS
THAT CHORDIANT'S STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES OF CHORDIANT
COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER.

 Prime Response's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of the Prime
 Response Board of Directors

   Prime Response's board of directors has determined that the terms of the
merger and the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interests of Prime
Response and its stockholders, and determined to recommend that the
stockholders of Prime Response adopt the merger agreement. In its evaluation of
the merger and the merger agreement, Prime Response's board of directors
consulted with Prime Response's senior management, as well as its legal and
financial advisors. The decision of the Prime Response board of directors to
approve the merger and the merger agreement was based upon the potential
benefits derived from the possible merger of Prime Response and Chordiant as
compared to Prime Response continuing to operate as an independent business.
Prime Response's management has also considered a number of alternatives for
enhancing its business, including merging with other companies or modifying
various aspects of its current operations and proceeding as an independent
business. In addition to the potential benefits described under "The Merger--
Chordiant's Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of the Chordiant Board of
Directors" that would be applicable to Prime Response stockholders, the Prime
Response board believes there are additional reasons that the merger will be
beneficial to Prime Response and its stockholders including the following:

  . the merger would provide Prime Response stockholders with shares of
    Chordiant common stock in a tax-free exchange for United States federal
    income tax purposes at a small implied premium over the market price for
    Prime Response common stock at the time the merger agreement was entered
    into;

  . the availability following the merger of greater resources to continue to
    establish and support sales of both companies' products;

  . the ability to make greater resources available for the distribution of
    Prime Response's products and services;

  . enabling the combined company to offer complementary product lines, which
    presents the opportunity to increase the breadth of products and services
    offered;

  . the enhanced ability of the combined company to offer product offerings
    with more comprehensive features and functionality, in order to be better
    positioned as the competitive market evolves and competitive products are
    introduced; and

  . the ability of the combined enterprise to better attract experienced and
    required personnel, particularly in sales and marketing, in light of the
    combined enterprise's greater available resources and geographic
    presence.

   Prime Response's board reviewed a number of factors in evaluating the
merger, including, but not limited to, the following:

  . information concerning the financial performance and condition, results
    of operations, competitive position, management and business of Chordiant
    and Prime Response before and after giving effect to the merger;

  . current financial market conditions and historical market prices,
    volatility and trading information with respect to Chordiant common stock
    and Prime Response common stock;

  . the consideration Chordiant will issue in the merger in light of offers
    from other acquirors;

  . the belief that the terms of the merger agreement and related agreements
    are reasonable;

  . the impact of the merger on the customers, partners and employees of
    Prime Response and Chordiant;

  . the market conditions affecting Prime Response;

  . the ability of Prime Response to continue to grow and prosper as a stand-
    alone entity;

  . results of the due diligence investigation conducted by Prime Response's
    management, accountants and legal and financial advisors; and

  . the financial presentation of Robertson Stephens and its opinion as to
    the fairness to the stockholders of Prime Response from a financial point
    of view, as of the date of its opinion, of the exchange ratio provided
    for in the merger agreement, as more fully described below under the
    caption "The Merger--Opinion of Prime Response's Financial Advisor."

   Prime Response's board also considered the terms of the merger agreement
regarding Prime Response's rights and limits on its ability to consider and
negotiate other acquisition proposals, as well as the possible effects of the
provisions regarding termination, termination fees and the reimbursement of
Chordiant's merger-related expenses. In addition, it was noted to Prime
Response's board that the merger is expected to be a tax-free transaction for
United States federal income tax purposes and accounted for as a purchase.

   The Prime Response board also identified and considered a number of
potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger and the
merger agreement, including the following:

  . the risk that the potential benefits of the merger may not be realized;

  . the fact that the proposed exchange ratio is fixed and will not change
    with increases or decreases in the market price of either company's stock
    before completion of the merger, and the possibility that the dollar
    value of a share of Chordiant stock at the closing of the merger may be
    more or less than the dollar value of a share of Chordiant stock at the
    time of the signing of the merger agreement;

  . the risk that the merger may not be consummated, notwithstanding the
    voting agreements obtained from holders representing beneficial
    ownership, excluding any shares issuable upon the exercise of options or
    warrants, of approximately 40% of Prime Response's outstanding common
    stock as of the record date, and the effect of the public announcement of
    the merger on Prime Response's sales, customer relations and operating
    results;

  . the risk of management and employee disruption associated with the
    merger, including employee layoffs and the fact that key technical, sales
    and management personnel would likely not be employed by Chordiant
    following the merger;

  . the merger would provide Prime Response stockholders with shares of
    Chordiant common stock in a tax-free exchange for United States federal
    income tax purposes with very little implied premium over the market
    price for Prime Response common stock at the time the merger agreement
    was entered into;

  . the fact that the merger agreement requires Prime Response to obtain
    Chordiant's consent in order to take a variety of actions;

  . Prime Response's limited ability to terminate the merger agreement,
    including the fact that, under certain circumstances, the receipt of a
    superior proposal may allow the Prime Response board of directors to
    change or withdraw its recommendation as to the adoption of the merger
    agreement, but would still require Prime Response to submit the adoption
    of the merger agreement to a vote of Prime Response stockholders;

  . the fact that Prime Response would have to consummate the merger even if
    during the pre-closing period, a change, effect, event, occurrence, state
    of facts or development occurs that has had or could reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial
    condition or results of operations of Chordiant and its subsidiaries;

  . the challenges of integrating Prime Response's operations with those of
    Chordiant; and

  . other applicable risks described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    under "Risk Factors."

   Prime Response's board concluded, however, that these risks could be managed
or mitigated and that on balance, the merger's potential benefits to Prime
Response and its stockholders outweighed the associated risks. This discussion
of the information and factors considered by Prime Response's board is not
exhaustive. In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its
evaluation of the merger, Prime Response's board did not find it practicable
to, and did not quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to, the specific
factors considered in reaching the determination.

   FOR THE REASONS DISCUSSED ABOVE, PRIME RESPONSE'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS
APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER AND HAS DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER ARE ADVISABLE AND FAIR TO AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF
PRIME RESPONSE AND ITS STOCKHOLDERS, AND RECOMMENDS THAT PRIME RESPONSE
STOCKHOLDERS VOTE "FOR" THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

   In considering the recommendation of Prime Response's board with respect to
the merger agreement, Prime Response stockholders should be aware that certain
directors and officers of Prime Response have interests in the merger that are
different from, or are in addition to, the interests of other Prime Response
stockholders and that Chordiant has agreed to continue certain existing
indemnification arrangements in favor of directors and officers of Prime
Response. Please see "The Merger--Interests of Prime Response's Officers and
Directors in the Merger."

Opinion of Chordiant's Financial Advisor

   The board of directors of Chordiant engaged Thomas Weisel Partners to act as
its financial advisor and to render a fairness opinion in connection with the
proposed merger of Prime Response and Chordiant. On

January 4, 2001, Thomas Weisel Partners delivered to the Chordiant board of
directors its oral opinion (which was subsequently confirmed in writing) that,
as of that date and based upon the assumptions made, matters considered and
limits of review set forth in Thomas Weisel Partners' written opinion, the
exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of view, to Chordiant.

   Chordiant determined the exchange ratio through negotiations with Prime
Response. Chordiant did not impose any limitations on Thomas Weisel Partners
with respect to the investigations made or procedures followed in rendering its
opinion.

   THE FULL TEXT OF THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS' WRITTEN OPINION, WHICH SETS FORTH,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE ASSUMPTIONS MADE, PROCEDURES FOLLOWED, MATTERS
CONSIDERED AND LIMITATIONS ON THE SCOPE OF THE REVIEW UNDERTAKEN BY
THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS IN DELIVERING ITS OPINION, IS ATTACHED AS ANNEX C TO
THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. YOU SHOULD READ THIS OPINION CAREFULLY
AND IN ITS ENTIRETY. THE FOLLOWING DESCRIPTION OF THE THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS'
OPINION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE WRITTEN OPINION AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS
ENTIRETY BY THE WRITTEN OPINION AND IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR THE WRITTEN
OPINION.

   THOMAS WEISEL PARTNERS DIRECTED ITS OPINION TO THE CHORDIANT BOARD OF
DIRECTORS. THE OPINION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A RECOMMENDATION TO THE STOCKHOLDERS
OF CHORDIANT AS TO HOW THEY SHOULD VOTE WITH RESPECT TO THE ISSUANCE OF SHARES
OF CHORDIANT COMMON STOCK IN THE MERGER. THE OPINION ADDRESSES ONLY THE
FINANCIAL FAIRNESS OF THE EXCHANGE RATIO IN THE MERGER. IT DOES NOT ADDRESS THE
RELATIVE MERITS OF THE MERGER OR ANY ALTERNATIVES TO THE MERGER. FURTHER, IT
DOES NOT ADDRESS THE BUSINESS DECISION OF THE CHORDIANT BOARD OF DIRECTORS TO
PROCEED WITH OR CONSUMMATE THE MERGER.

   In connection with its opinion, Thomas Weisel Partners, among other things:

  . reviewed certain publicly available financial and other data with respect
    to Chordiant and Prime Response, including the consolidated financial
    statements for recent years and for the most recent fiscal quarters for
    which published results are available, and certain other relevant
    financial and operating data relating to Chordiant and Prime Response
    made available to Thomas Weisel Partners from published sources and from
    the internal records of Chordiant and Prime Response;

  . reviewed the financial terms and conditions of the merger agreement;

  . reviewed certain publicly available information concerning the trading
    of, and the trading market for, Chordiant common stock and Prime Response
    common stock;

  . compared Chordiant and Prime Response from a financial point of view with
    certain other companies in the software industry which Thomas Weisel
    Partners deemed to be relevant;

  . considered the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
    selected recent business combinations of companies in the software
    industry which Thomas Weisel Partners deemed to be comparable in whole or
    in part, to the merger;

  . reviewed and discussed with representatives of the management of
    Chordiant and Prime Response certain information of a business and
    financial nature regarding Chordiant and Prime Response, furnished to
    Thomas Weisel Partners by Chordiant and Prime Response, including
    financial forecasts and related assumptions of Chordiant and Prime
    Response;

  . made inquiries regarding and discussed the merger and the merger
    agreement and other matters related thereto with counsel for Chordiant;
    and

  . performed such other analyses and examinations as Thomas Weisel Partners
    deemed appropriate.

   In preparing its opinion, Thomas Weisel Partners did not assume any
responsibility independently to verify the information referred to above.
Instead, with the consent of Chordiant, Thomas Weisel Partners relied on the
information being accurate and complete. Thomas Weisel Partners also made the
following assumptions, in each case with the consent of Chordiant:

  . with respect to the financial forecasts of Chordiant and Prime Response
    provided to Thomas Weisel Partners by Chordiant's management, upon their
    advice and with Chordiant's consent, Thomas Weisel Partners assumed for
    purposes of its opinion that such forecasts (a) had been reasonably
    prepared on bases reflecting the best available estimates and judgments
    of Chordiant's management at the time of preparation as to the future
    financial performance of Chordiant and Prime Response and (b) provided a
    reasonable basis upon which Thomas Weisel Partners could form its
    opinion;

  . that there have been no material changes in the assets, financial
    condition, results of operations, business or prospects of Chordiant or
    Prime Response since the respective dates of the last financial
    statements made available to Thomas Weisel Partners;

  . that the merger will be consummated in a manner that complies in all
    respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act of 1933,
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and all other applicable federal and
    state statutes, rules and regulations;

  . that the merger would be treated as a tax-free reorganization, pursuant
    to the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;

  . that the merger would be recorded as a purchase under U.S. generally
    accepted accounting principles;

  . that, in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals for
    the merger, no restrictions, including any divestiture requirements, will
    be imposed that could have a meaningful effect on the contemplated
    benefits of the merger; and

  . that the merger will be consummated substantially in accordance with the
    terms described in the merger agreement, without any further amendments
    thereto, and without waiver by Chordiant or Prime Response of any of the
    conditions of their respective obligations thereunder.

   In addition, for purposes of its opinion:

  . Thomas Weisel Partners did not assume responsibility for making an
    independent evaluation, appraisal or physical inspection of any of the
    assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Chordiant or Prime
    Response, nor was Thomas Weisel Partners furnished with any such
    appraisals;

  . Thomas Weisel Partners relied on advice of counsel and independent
    accountants to Chordiant as to all legal and financial reporting matters
    with respect to Prime Response, the merger, the merger agreement,
    including the legal status and financial reporting of litigation
    involving Prime Response; and

  . Thomas Weisel Partners' opinion was based on economic, monetary, market
    and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available
    to Thomas Weisel Partners as of, the date of its opinion. Accordingly,
    although subsequent developments may affect its opinion, Thomas Weisel
    Partners has not assumed any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its
    opinion.

   The following represents a brief summary of the material financial analyses
performed by Thomas Weisel Partners in connection with providing its opinion to
the Chordiant board of directors. Some of the summaries of financial analyses
performed by Thomas Weisel Partners include information presented in tabular
format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses performed by Thomas
Weisel Partners, you should read the tables together with the text of each
summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the
financial analyses. Considering the data set forth in the tables without
considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including
the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses performed by Thomas
Weisel Partners.

   Comparable Company Analysis. Based on public and other available
information, Thomas Weisel Partners calculated the multiples of aggregate
value, which Thomas Weisel Partners defined as market capitalization plus debt
less cash and cash equivalents, to calendar year 2000 and 2001 estimated
revenues for ten companies in the software industry. In each case, Thomas
Weisel Partners used estimates based on public filings, news articles,
published Wall Street research analysts' reports and forecasts and other third
party sources. Thomas Weisel Partners believes that the selected ten companies
listed below have operations similar to some of the operations of Prime
Response, but noted that none of these companies have the same management,
composition, size or combination of businesses as Prime Response:

  . Accrue Software, Inc.;

  . Apropos Technology, Inc.;

  . Ecometry Corporation;

  . EGain Communications Corporation;

  . Engage, Inc.;

  . Epicor Software Corporation;

  . Exchange Applications, Inc.;

  . Interact Commerce Corporation;

  . Pegasystems Inc.; and

  . Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc.

   The following tables set forth the multiples indicated by this analysis for
the selected ten software companies:

                                                          Range of
   Aggregate Value to:                                    Multiples  Mean Median
   -------------------                                   ----------- ---- ------

   Estimated 2000 Revenues.............................. (0.2x)-2.2x 1.1x  1.1x
   Estimated 2001 Revenues.............................. (0.2x)-1.4x 0.7x  0.6x

   While the comparable company analysis compared Prime Response to ten
companies in the software industry, Thomas Weisel Partners did not include
every company that could be deemed to be a participant in this same industry,
or in any specific sectors of this industry.

   Thomas Weisel Partners noted that the aggregate value of the consideration
to be received by stockholders of Prime Response in connection with the merger
implied a ratio of Prime Response's aggregate value to (1) calendar year 2000
estimated revenues of 0.2x and (2) calendar year 2001 estimated revenues of
0.1x.

   Comparable Transactions Analysis. Based on public and other available
information, Thomas Weisel Partners calculated the multiples of aggregate value
to (1) last twelve months (LTM) revenues and (2) next twelve months (NTM)
revenues in the following six comparable acquisitions of software companies
that were announced from January 1, 1999 to December 31, 2000:

   Announcement Date           Name of Acquiror                Name of Target
   -----------------           ----------------                --------------

      6/20/00             Brokat Infosystems AG             Blaze Software, Inc.
      1/26/00             Broadvision, Inc.                 Interleaf, Inc.
     10/18/99             Nortel Networks Corporation       Clarify Inc.
     10/11/99             PeopleSoft, Inc.                  Vantive Corp.
      8/23/99             Sun Microsystems, Inc.            Forte Software, Inc.
      4/5/99              Lucent Technologies Inc.          Mosaix, Inc.

   The following table sets forth the multiples indicated by this analysis and
the multiples implied by the merger:

                                                   Range of
   Aggregate Value to:                            Multiples  Mean  Median Merger
   -------------------                            ---------- ----- ------ ------

   LTM Revenue................................... 1.1x-27.2x 10.2x  7.7x   0.2x
   NTM Revenue................................... 0.9x-16.5x  8.4x  6.3x   0.1x

   In each case, Thomas Weisel Partners used estimates based on public filings,
news articles, published Wall Street research analysts' reports and forecasts
and other third party sources. No transaction used in the comparable company or
comparable transactions analyses is identical to Chordiant or Prime Response or
the merger. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of the foregoing is not
mathematical; rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the
companies and other factors that could affect the public trading value of the
companies to which Chordiant, Prime Response, and the merger are being
compared.

   Premiums Paid Analysis. Thomas Weisel Partners reviewed certain publicly
available statistics for thirty comparable transactions in the technology
sector that were announced from January 1, 1999 to December 31, 2000. The
following table present the indicated premiums paid above the average of the
exchange ratios based on daily closing share prices of Chordiant and Prime
Response one day before the announcement of the transaction, five trading days
before the announcement of the transaction and twenty trading days before the
announcement of the transaction.

                                                       Range of
                                                     Percentages   Mean  Median
                                                    -------------- ----- ------

Exchange Rate Premium One Day Prior to
 Announcement.....................................  (13.4%)-169.0% 40.4% 30.2%
Exchange Rate Premium Five Trading Days Prior to
 Announcement.....................................  (12.0%)-171.8% 40.8% 37.4%
Exchange Rate Premium Twenty Trading Days Prior to
 Announcement.....................................  (29.6%)-183.3% 40.6% 36.5%

   Thomas Weisel Partners noted that the exchange ratio premium implied by the
merger for the period one day, five trading days, and twenty trading days prior
to the date of Thomas Weisel Partners' analyses was 100.0%, 66.1%, and 15.1 %,
respectively.

   Contribution Analysis. Thomas Weisel Partners used the estimates and
financial forecasts prepared by (1) Chordiant's management, referred to as the
Revised Case, and (2) third party analysts, referred to as the Street Case,
with respect to Chordiant and Prime Response in order to perform a contribution
analysis. On the basis of these estimates and financial forecasts, Thomas
Weisel Partners reviewed the contribution of each of Chordiant and Prime
Response to projected revenue for calendar years 2000 and 2001, for the
combined company. Thomas Weisel Partners then compared these contributions to
the forecasted share ownership of the combined company to be held by the
stockholders of each of Chordiant and Prime Response, assuming consummation of
the merger as described in the merger agreement.

   The following tables set forth the relative contributions indicated by this
analysis and the forecasted ownership of the combined company:

                       Revised Case                     Chordiant Prime Response
                       ------------                     --------- --------------

    Calendar 2000 Projected............................   52.0%       48.0%
    Calendar 2001 Projected............................   59.0%       41.0%

                        Street Case                     Chordiant Prime Response
                        -----------                     --------- --------------

    Calendar 2000 Projected............................   52.0%       48.0%
    Calendar 2001 Projected............................   53.0%       47.0%

                 Pro Forma Share Ownership              Chordiant Prime Response
                 -------------------------              --------- --------------

                                                          77.0%       23.0%

   The foregoing description is only a summary of the analyses and examinations
that Thomas Weisel Partners deems material to its opinion. It is not a
comprehensive description of all analyses and examinations actually conducted
by Thomas Weisel Partners. The preparation of a fairness opinion necessarily is
not susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Thomas Weisel
Partners believes that its analyses and the summary set forth above must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and of the
factors considered, without considering all analyses and factors, would create
an incomplete view of the process underlying the analyses set forth in its
presentation to you. In addition, Thomas Weisel Partners may have given some
analyses more or less weight than other analyses, and may have deemed various
assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions. The fact that any
specific analysis has been referred to in the summary above is not meant to
indicate that this analysis was given greater weight than any other analysis.
Accordingly, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis
described above should not be taken to be the view of Thomas Weisel Partners
with respect to the actual value of Prime Response.

   In performing its analyses, Thomas Weisel Partners made numerous assumptions
with respect to industry performance, general business and economic conditions
and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Chordiant and Prime
Response. The analyses performed by Thomas Weisel Partners are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or actual future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by these analyses.
These analyses were prepared solely as part of the analysis performed by Thomas
Weisel Partners with respect to the financial fairness of the exchange ratio in
the merger, and were provided to Chordiant in connection with the delivery of
the Thomas Weisel Partners' opinion. The analyses do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a company might actually be sold
or the prices at which any securities may trade at any time in the future.

   As described above, Thomas Weisel Partners' opinion and presentation were
among the many factors that the Chordiant board of directors took into
consideration in making its determination to approve, and to recommend that the
stockholders of Chordiant approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant common
stock in the merger.

   Pursuant to an engagement letter dated October 24, 2000, Thomas Weisel
Partners provided financial advisory services and a financial opinion in
connection with the merger, and Chordiant agreed to pay Thomas Weisel Partners
a customary fee in connection therewith. The Chordiant board of directors was
aware of this fee structure and took it into account in considering Thomas
Weisel Partners' opinion and in approving the issuance of shares of Chordiant
common stock in the merger. Further, Chordiant has agreed to reimburse Thomas
Weisel Partners for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and to indemnify
Thomas Weisel Partners, its affiliates, and its respective partners, directors,
officers, agents, consultants, employees and controlling persons against
specific liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.

   In the ordinary course of its business, Thomas Weisel Partners may actively
trade the equity securities of Chordiant and Prime Response for its own account
and for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long
or short position in these securities. In addition, Thomas Weisel Partners has
acted as an underwriter in connection with the offerings of securities of
Chordiant and performed various investment banking services for Chordiant.

Opinion of Prime Response's Financial Advisor

   Prime Response engaged Robertson Stephens to provide financial advisory and
investment banking services to Prime Response in connection with the proposed
merger, and to render an opinion as to the fairness of the exchange ratio of
0.60 in the proposed merger, from a financial point of view, to the "holders of
Prime Response common stock." (See Annex D for a copy of the full opinion.) The
"holders of Prime Response common stock" was defined in Robertson Stephens'
written opinion letter to the board of directors of Prime Response, dated
January 5, 2001, as all holders of Prime Response common stock other than
Chordiant, Puccini Acquisition Corp. or any affiliates of Chordiant or Puccini
Acquisition Corp.

   On January 5, 2001, at a meeting of Prime Response's board held to evaluate
the proposed merger, Robertson Stephens delivered its written opinion to Prime
Response's board that, as of January 5, 2001 and based on the assumptions made,
matters considered and the limitations on the review undertaken described in
the opinion, the exchange ratio in the proposed merger was fair from a
financial point of view to the holders of Prime Response common stock. The
exchange ratio was determined through negotiations between the respective
managements of Prime Response and Chordiant. Although Robertson Stephens did
assist the management of Prime Response in those negotiations, it was not asked
by, and did not recommend to, Prime Response that any specific exchange ratio
constituted the appropriate exchange ratio for the merger.

   You should consider the following when reading the discussion of the opinion
of Prime Response's financial advisor in this document:

  . We urge you to read carefully the entire opinion of Robertson Stephens,
    which is set forth in Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    and is incorporated herein by reference. The following description of the
    Robertson Stephens opinion is qualified by reference to the full opinion
    located in Annex D. The full opinion sets forth, among other things, the
    assumptions made by Robertson Stephens, the matters it considered and the
    limitations on the review undertaken.

  . The Robertson Stephens opinion was prepared for the information of Prime
    Response's board of directors in connection with its evaluation of the
    merger and does not constitute a recommendation to the stockholders of
    Prime Response or Chordiant as to how they should vote, or take any other
    action, with respect to the merger.

  . The Robertson Stephens opinion did not address the relative merits of the
    merger and the other business strategies that Prime Response's board of
    directors has considered, nor does it address the decision of Prime
    Response's board of directors to proceed with the merger.

  . The Robertson Stephens opinion was necessarily based upon market,
    economic and other conditions that were in effect on, and information
    made available to Robertson Stephens as of, the date of the opinion. You
    should understand that subsequent developments may affect the conclusion
    expressed in the Robertson Stephens opinion, and that Robertson Stephens
    disclaims any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any
    change in any matter affecting its opinion which may come or be brought
    to Robertson Stephens' attention after the date of its opinion.

  . The Robertson Stephens opinion was limited to the fairness, from a
    financial point of view and as of the date thereof, of the exchange ratio
    in the merger to the holders of Prime Response common stock.

 Opinion and Analysis of Robertson Stephens

   In connection with the preparation of the Robertson Stephens opinion,
Robertson Stephens:

  . reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
    business and financial information of Prime Response and Chordiant,
    respectively;

  . reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and
    operating data, including certain financial forecasts and other forward-
    looking information, concerning Prime Response prepared by the management
    of Prime Response;

  . reviewed certain publicly available estimates of research analysts
    relating to Prime Response and Chordiant;

  . held discussions with the respective managements of Prime Response and
    Chordiant concerning the businesses, past and current operations,
    financial condition and future prospects of both Prime Response and
    Chordiant, independently and combined, including discussions with the
    managements of Prime Response and Chordiant concerning their views
    regarding the strategic rationale for the merger;

  . reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in drafts, dated
    January 5, 2001, of the merger agreement and the voting agreement;

  . reviewed the stock price and trading history of Prime Response common
    stock and Chordiant common stock;

  . compared the financial performance of Prime Response and Chordiant and
    the prices and trading activity of Prime Response common stock and
    Chordiant common stock with that of certain other publicly traded
    companies comparable with Prime Response and Chordiant, respectively;

  . compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms, to
    the extent publicly available, of other transactions that Robertson
    Stephens deemed relevant;

  . reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger;

  . prepared an analysis of the relative contributions of Prime Response and
    Chordiant to the combined company;

  . participated in discussions and negotiations among representatives of
    Prime Response and Chordiant and their financial and legal advisors; and

  . made such other studies and inquiries, and reviewed such other data, as
    Robertson Stephens deemed relevant.

   In its review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, Robertson
Stephens assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to it (including information furnished
to it orally or otherwise discussed with it by the managements of Prime
Response and Chordiant) or publicly available and neither attempted to verify,
nor assumed responsibility for verifying, any of such information. Robertson
Stephens relied upon the assurances of the managements of Prime Response and
Chordiant that they were not aware of any facts that would make such
information inaccurate or misleading. Furthermore, Robertson Stephens did not
obtain or make, or assume any responsibility for obtaining or making, any
independent evaluation or appraisal of the properties, assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) of Prime Response or Chordiant, nor was it furnished
with any such evaluation or appraisal.

   In addition, Robertson Stephens assumed that:

  . the merger will be consummated upon the terms set forth in the drafts,
    dated January 5, 2001, of the merger agreement and the voting agreement
    without material alteration thereof, including, among other things, that
    the merger will be accounted for as a "purchase method" business
    combination in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
    principles;

  . the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the
    Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and

  . the historical financial statements of each of Prime Response and
    Chordiant reviewed by Robertson Stephens were prepared and fairly
    presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
    principles consistently applied.

   Robertson Stephens relied as to all legal matters relevant to rendering its
opinion on the advice of counsel to Prime Response.

   Robertson Stephens expressed no opinion as to:

  . the value of any employee agreement or other arrangement entered into in
    connection with the merger;

  . any tax or other consequences that may result from the merger; or

  . what the value of the Chordiant common stock will be when issued to Prime
    Response's stockholders pursuant to the merger or the price at which the
    shares of Chordiant's common stock that are issued pursuant to the merger
    may be traded in the future.

   The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Robertson Stephens in connection with rendering its opinion. The summary of the
financial analyses is not a complete description of all of the analyses
performed by Robertson Stephens. Certain of the information in this section is
presented in tabular form. In order to better understand the financial analyses
performed by Robertson Stephens, these tables must be read together with the
text accompanying each table. The opinion is based upon the totality of the
various analyses performed by Robertson Stephens and no particular portion of
the analyses has any merit standing alone.

 Comparable Companies Analysis

   Using publicly available information, Robertson Stephens analyzed, among
other things, the total enterprise values and trading multiples of the
following selected publicly traded companies in the eCustomer relationship
management industry which Robertson Stephens believed to be reasonably
comparable to Prime Response:

  . Accrue Software, Inc.

  . Allaire Corporation

  . Ask Jeeves, Inc.

  . Calico Commerce, Inc.

  . Chordiant Software, Inc.

  . ClickAction, Inc.

  . Digital Impact, Inc.

  . eGain Communications

  . Eprise Corporation

  . Exchange Applications, Inc.

  . Firepond, Inc.

  . InterWorld Corporation

  . net.Genesis Corp.

  . Net Perceptions, Inc.

  . Open Market, Inc.

  . Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc.

  . Silverstream Software, Inc.

   Total enterprise value (TEV) means the value of the company's fully-diluted
common equity plus debt outstanding and the liquidation value of outstanding
preferred stock, if any, less balance sheet cash. The following table sets
forth the range of multiples for the selected publicly traded companies of
total enterprise value to estimated revenues for calendar years 2000 and 2001
and of fully-diluted common equity value to estimated revenues for calendar
years 2000 and 2001, based upon the closing stock prices as of January 4, 2001,
and corresponding multiples for Prime Response in the merger based upon a 0.60
exchange ratio and the closing stock price of Chordiant common stock as of
January 4, 2001:

                            TEV/          TEV/      Equity Value/ Equity Value/
   Multiples            2000 Revenues 2001 Revenues 2000 Revenues 2001 Revenues
   ---------            ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

   High................     2.82x         1.72x         4.77x         3.20x
   Median..............     0.73x         0.44x         1.59x         1.07x
   Mean................     0.85x         0.53x         2.26x         1.34x
   Low.................    -0.62x        -0.31x         0.23x         0.14x
   Value in the
    merger.............     0.35x         0.23x         1.40x         0.91x

   Revenue data for the selected publicly traded companies and for Prime
Response were obtained from research analysts estimates.

 Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis

   Using publicly available information, Robertson Stephens analyzed the
aggregate value and the adjusted aggregate value multiples of the following
selected acquisition transactions in the eBusiness software industry (listing
the targets followed by the acquiror and with the date these transactions were
publicly announced in parenthesis) which Robertson Stephens believed to be
reasonably comparable to the proposed merger:

  . Servicesoft, Inc./Broadbase Software, Inc. (September 18, 2000)

  . Janna Systems, Inc./Siebel Systems, Inc. (September 11, 2000)

  . OnLink Technologies, Inc./Siebel Systems, Inc. (August 7, 2000)

  . Panop.com, Inc./Broadbase Software, Inc. (July 7, 2000)

  . Blaze Software, Inc./Brokat Infosystems AG (June 20, 2000)

  . CustomerAnalytics/Exchange Applications, Inc. (June 8, 2000)

  . Opensite, Inc./Siebel Systems, Inc. (April 18, 2000)

  . Knowledge Stream Partners/Exchange Applications, Inc. (April 3, 2000)

  . Octane Software, Inc./E.piphany, Inc. (March 15, 2000)

  . Mustang.com, Inc./Quintus Corporation (February 28, 2000)

  . Silknet Software, Inc./Kana Communications, Inc. (February 7, 2000)

  . Interleaf, Inc./BroadVision, Inc. (January 26, 2000)

  . Oberon Software, Inc./OnDisplay, Inc. (January 18, 2000)

  . KD1, Inc./Net Perceptions, Inc. (January 17, 2000)

  . 2order.com, Inc./Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc. (January 10, 2000)

  . DataSage, Inc./Vignette Corporation (January 10, 2000)

  . Imparto Software, Inc./Primus Knowledge Solutions, Inc. (December 13,
    1999)

  . Rubric, Inc./Broadbase Software, Inc. (December 9, 1999)

  . ConnectInc.com/Calico Commerce, Inc. (November 19, 1999)

  . Neovista Software, Inc./Accrue Software, Inc. (November 17, 1999)

  . RightPoint Corporation/E.piphany, Inc. (November 16, 1999)

   In analyzing these "precedent transactions," Robertson Stephens compared,
among other things, the adjusted aggregate value in such transactions as a
multiple of the latest twelve months' ("LTM") revenues, as of the time of the
transaction, and the next twelve months' ("NTM") estimated revenues. Adjusted
aggregate value means the aggregate value of the selected precedent transaction
as adjusted to reflect the subsequent stock performance of the acquiror and is
based on the exchange ratio of the transaction and the January 4, 2001 acquiror
stock price. All multiples for the precedent transactions were derived from
publicly available information. Based on this information and other publicly
available information, the following table illustrates the adjusted aggregate
value ratios from these transactions and the corresponding ratio for the
proposed merger:

                             Adjusted Aggregate Value/ Adjusted Aggregate Value/
   Multiples                       LTM Revenues              NTM Revenues
   ---------                 ------------------------- -------------------------

   High.....................          38.66x                    25.27x
   Median...................           5.57x                     3.78x
   Mean.....................          10.70x                     8.08x
   Low......................          -0.42x                     0.74x
   Value in the merger......           0.34x                     0.27x

 Exchange Ratio Premiums Analysis

   Robertson Stephens reviewed and analyzed the exchange ratio premiums paid in
the precedent transactions listed above using a range of one day, one week and
one month prior to the announcement of each transaction. The exchange ratio
premium is the premium over the target company's stock price that the
transaction consideration represents (calculated by multiplying the exchange
ratio in the transaction by the acquiror's stock price at the indicated time).
The one week and one month exchange ratio premiums were based on average
exchange ratios for such periods prior to the announcement of the transaction.
The following table sets forth the range of exchange ratio premiums for those
transactions and the corresponding exchange ratio premium in the proposed
merger:

                                                          1 Day  1 Week  1 Month
                                                         Premium Premium Premium
                                                         ------- ------- -------

   High.................................................  55.1%   46.6%   78.9%
   Median...............................................  33.2%   33.0%   47.6%
   Mean.................................................  37.3%   34.0%   50.0%
   Low..................................................  27.7%   23.7%   25.8%
   Exchange ratio premium in the merger................. 101.8%   65.0%   24.1%

 Price Premiums Analysis

   Robertson Stephens reviewed and analyzed the purchase price premiums paid on
all domestic high-tech transactions during the year 2000 with equity
transaction values between $25 million and $200 million for one day, one week
and one month prior to the announcement of the transaction. The following table
sets forth the range of purchase price premiums and the corresponding purchase
price premium in the proposed merger:

                                                          1 Day  1 Week  1 Month
                                                         Premium Premium Premium
                                                         ------- ------- -------

   High.................................................  93.9%  106.5%  200.0%
   Median...............................................  30.2%   28.6%   48.7%
   Mean.................................................  33.1%   36.2%   53.6%
   Low.................................................. -16.4%  -23.5%  -50.3%
   Price premium in the merger.......................... 101.8%  108.1%   14.8%

 Other Factors

   No company, business or transaction compared in any of the above analyses is
identical to Prime Response, Chordiant or the proposed merger. Accordingly, an
analysis of the results of the foregoing is not entirely mathematical; rather
it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
public trading, acquisition and other values of the comparable companies,
precedent transactions or the business segment, company or transaction to which
they are being compared. In addition, various analyses performed by Robertson
Stephens incorporate projections prepared by research analysts using only
publicly available information. These estimates may or may not prove to be
accurate.

   While this summary describes the analysis and factors that Robertson
Stephens deemed material in its presentation to the Prime Response board, it is
not a comprehensive description of all analysis and factors considered by
Robertson Stephens. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process
that involves various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of these methods to the
particular circumstances. Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its
opinion, Robertson Stephens did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as
to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly,
Robertson Stephens believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and
that selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it,
without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion. Several
analytical methodologies were employed and no one method of analysis should be
regarded as critical to the overall conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens.
Each analytical technique has inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature
of the available information may further affect the value of particular
techniques. The conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens is based on all
analyses and factors taken as a whole and also on application of Robertson
Stephens' own experience and judgment. This conclusion may involve significant
elements of subjective judgment and qualitative analysis. Robertson Stephens
expresses no opinion as to the value or merit standing alone of any one or more
parts of the analysis it performed. In performing its analyses, Robertson
Stephens made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance,
general business and other conditions and matters, many of which are beyond the
control of Prime Response, Chordiant or Robertson Stephens. Any estimates
contained in these analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or
predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less
favorable than those suggested by these analyses. Accordingly, analyses
relating to the value of businesses do not purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which these businesses actually may be sold in the
future, and these estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty.

   The engagement letter dated October 4, 1999 between Robertson Stephens and
Prime Response provides that, for its services, Robertson Stephens is entitled
to receive usual and customary fees in connection with the transaction and the
delivery of the opinion, and with respect to the opinion fee, such fee is
payable without regard to the conclusion reached in the opinion. The payment of
Robertson Stephens' fees, other than the fee payable on the delivery of the
opinion, is contingent upon the consummation of the merger. Prime Response has
also agreed to reimburse Robertson Stephens for its reasonable and customary
out-of-pocket expenses related to this work, including legal fees, and to
indemnify and hold harmless Robertson Stephens and its affiliates and any other
person, director, employee or agent of Robertson Stephens or any of its
affiliates, or any person controlling Robertson Stephens or its affiliates, for
certain losses, claims, damages, expenses and liabilities relating to or
arising out of services provided by Robertson Stephens as financial advisor to
Prime Response. The terms of the fee arrangement with Robertson Stephens, which
Prime Response and Robertson Stephens believe are customary in transactions of
this nature, were negotiated at arm's length between Prime Response and
Robertson Stephens, and the Prime Response board was aware of these fee
arrangements.

   In the past, Robertson Stephens has provided certain investment banking
services to Prime Response, including acting as lead manager for Prime
Response's filing of an initial public offering, for which it has been paid
customary fees. Robertson Stephens maintains a market in the shares of Prime
Response and Chordiant. In

the ordinary course of its business, Robertson Stephens may actively trade
securities of Prime Response or Chordiant for its own account and for the
account of its customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short
position in the securities of Prime Response or Chordiant.

   Robertson Stephens is an internationally recognized investment banking firm
and was retained based on its experience as a financial advisor in connection
with mergers and acquisitions and in securities valuations generally. As part
of its investment banking business, Robertson Stephens is frequently engaged in
the valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of securities,
private placements and other purposes.

Interests of Chordiant's Officers and Directors in the Merger

   In considering the recommendation of the Chordiant board of directors with
respect to approving the issuance of Chordiant common stock in the merger,
Chordiant stockholders should be aware that certain members of the board of
directors and management of Chordiant have interests in the merger that are in
addition to the interests of stockholders of Chordiant in general. The
Chordiant board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them,
among other matters, in approving the issuance of Chordiant common stock in the
merger.

   Combined Company Board of Directors. The merger agreement provides that
after the effective time of the merger, the board of directors of the combined
company shall consist of ten directors, nine of whom shall be designated by
Chordiant and one of whom shall be designated by Prime Response.

   Combined Company Executive Officers. Mr. Spadafora will continue to serve as
chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of Chordiant
after the effective time of the merger.

Interests of Prime Response's Officers and Directors in the Merger

   Combined Company Board of Directors. The merger agreement provides that
after the effective time of the merger, the board of directors of the combined
company shall consist of ten directors, nine of whom shall be designed by
Chordiant and one of whom shall be designated by Prime Response. The director
designated by Prime Response will be William E. Ford, who is currently a
director of Prime Response.

   Severance Payments; Employment Agreements.

   Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Peter Boni dated
January 13, 1999, in the event that Mr. Boni's employment is terminated without
cause, or in the event Prime Response is acquired and in connection with the
acquisition, Mr. Boni is asked to take a position of lesser responsibility, Mr.
Boni is entitled to receive twelve months of base salary and bonus as well as
his benefit package. The common stock issued to Mr. Boni upon the exercise of
his option is subject to certain repurchase rights in favor of Prime Response.
Prime Response's repurchase rights lifted as to 25% of the common stock in
February 2000. The remainder of Prime Response's repurchase rights lift
thereafter in 36 equal monthly installments. Upon a change in control of Prime
Response, all of Prime Response's repurchase rights with respect to the shares
of common stock issued to Mr. Boni upon the exercise of the option will
terminate. Mr. Boni recently tendered his resignation to Prime Response and
does not intend to work for Prime Response or Chordiant after the merger is
completed.

   On November 10, 1999, Prime Response entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Carling. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Carling receives an
annual base salary of $250,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance
bonus of up to 30.0% of his annual base salary. On January 12, 2001, Mr.
Carling resigned as Prime Response's Chief Technology Officer.

   Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Paul Lavallee
dated October 22, 1999, in the event that Mr. Lavallee's employment is
terminated without cause, or if Mr. Lavallee is asked to take a

position of lesser responsibility or is not granted a promotion in the event
that a higher position is created or vacated, he is entitled to receive twelve
months of base salary and bonus, vesting in an additional year of stock options
to be exercised within one year of termination as well as his benefit package.
In addition, if Mr. Lavallee's employment is terminated, or if he is asked to
assume a position of lesser responsibility upon of a change of control, Mr.
Lavallee's option shall become fully vested and he will receive paid health and
life insurance for one year. Mr. Lavallee resigned as Prime Response's
President, the Americas on January 12, 2001.

   Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Frederick
Phillips dated October 13, 2000 that modifies an agreement dated October 21,
1999, in the event that Mr. Phillips is terminated as a result of a change in
control or is offered a position that is not substantially equivalent to and in
the same general geographic location as his current position, he is entitled to
his base salary and bonus for a period of one year. Moreover, should Mr.
Phillips be terminated as a result of a change in control of Prime Response,
his option shall become fully vested, as well as his annual bonus of $63,000.
Under the terms of the October 21, 1999 agreement, in the event Mr. Phillips is
terminated without cause (unrelated to a change of control), he is entitled to
his base salary and benefits for one year; in the event he is terminated
without cause resulting from a change of control, he will receive 100% vesting
of all of his stock option grants. Mr. Phillips recently tendered his
resignation to Prime Response and does not intend to work for either Prime
Response or Chordiant after the merger is completed.

   Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Allen Swann, Mr.
Swann's employment may be terminated by either party upon six months' notice.
Prime Response may elect to pay Mr. Swann six months salary instead of giving
the required notice under the agreement or may place Mr. Swann on "gardening
leave," during which time Mr. Swann would cease to perform his job
responsibilities, but would be prohibited from undertaking other employment. In
addition, pursuant to a letter dated June 16, 2000, all unvested options
currently held by Mr. Swann will vest in full on June 30, 2001. Under the terms
of a letter agreement between Chordiant and Allen Swann, Prime Response's
current President, International, dated January 18, 2001, conditional upon the
merger being completed, Mr. Swann will be employed by Chordiant as Executive
Operations Officer of Worldwide Field Operations. Under the terms of this
agreement, Mr. Swann's annual base salary will be $275,000, he will be eligible
to earn up to an additional $725,000 in discretionary incentive compensation,
to be paid quarterly, and he will be eligible to receive a $300,000 retention
bonus after he has completed 3 months of employment with Chordiant after the
merger is completed. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement and subject to the
approval of the Chordiant board of directors, Mr. Swann will also be eligible
to receive options to acquire approximately 196,000 shares of Chordiant common
stock.

   Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and Gary Daniels
dated November 30, 1998, Mr. Daniels' employment may be terminated by either
party upon six months notice. Prime Response may elect to pay Mr. Daniels six
months salary instead of giving the required notice under the agreement or may
place Mr. Daniels on "gardening leave," during which time Mr. Daniels would
cease to perform his job responsibilities, but would nevertheless be prohibited
from undertaking other employment. Under the terms of a letter agreement
between Chordiant and Gary Daniels, Prime Response's current Vice President,
Product Development, dated January 5, 2001, conditional upon the merger being
completed, Mr. Daniels will be employed by Chordiant as Vice President of
Engineering. Under the terms of this agreement, Mr. Daniels' annual base salary
will be $210,000 and he will be eligible to earn up to 50% of his base salary
in incentive compensation. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement and subject
to the approval of the Chordiant board of directors, Mr. Daniels will also be
eligible to receive options to acquire approximately 213,000 shares of
Chordiant common stock.

   Under the terms of an agreement between Prime Response and James Plantan
dated August 11, 1999, if Mr. Plantan's employment is terminated without cause
he is entitled to receive severance pay and medical benefits for a period of
six months. Mr. Plantan does not intend to work for either Prime Response or
Chordiant after the merger is completed.

   Under the terms of an agreement dated February 29, 2000 between Steven Gal
and Prime Response, if Mr. Gal is terminated without cause upon a change in
control of Prime Response Mr. Gal will be offered a severance program that
continues for one year (i) his cash compensation of base salary and incentive
potential and (ii) any paid health and life insurance and will receive 100%
vesting of the stock options granted under such agreement. If Mr. Gal is
terminated without cause (unrelated to a change of control), if his position is
eliminated, or if he is offered a position of lesser responsibility, Mr. Gal
will be entitled to receive his base salary and incentive potential, paid life
and health insurance and incentive potential for one year, and one year of
vesting (options to be exercised within one year of termination). Mr. Gal is
not required to mitigate his damages or offset any payments by a new employer.
Mr. Gal does not intend to work for either Prime Response or Chordiant after
the merger is completed.

   Indemnification and Insurance. Chordiant has agreed in the merger agreement
that all rights to indemnification existing in favor of those persons who are
directors and officers of Prime Response as of the date of merger for their
acts and omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the merger, as
provided in Prime Response's bylaws, as in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement shall survive the merger and shall be observed by Prime Response to
the fullest extent available under Delaware law for a period of six years from
the date of completion of the merger. Chordiant also has agreed to maintain
directors' and officers' liability insurance for Prime Response's directors and
officers equivalent to Prime Response's current insurance for not less than
three years after the effective time of the merger.

   As a result of the foregoing, the directors and executive officers of Prime
Response may be more likely to vote for the adoption of the merger agreement
than Prime Response stockholders generally.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences

   In the opinion of Cooley Godward LLP and Hale and Dorr LLP, the following
discussion summarizes the material United States federal income tax
considerations of the merger that are expected to apply generally to Prime
Response stockholders upon an exchange of their Prime Response common stock for
Chordiant common stock in the merger. This summary is based upon current
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, existing regulations under the
Internal Revenue Code and current administrative rulings and court decisions,
all of which are subject to change. Any change, which may or may not be
retroactive, could alter the tax consequences to the stockholders of Prime
Response as described in this summary. No attempt has been made to comment on
all federal income tax consequences of the merger that may be relevant to
particular Prime Response stockholders, who may be subject to special rules,
such as:

  . a broker or dealer in securities or currencies;

  . a trader in securities that elects to use a mark-to-market method of
    accounting for securities holdings;

  . a bank, thrift, regulated investment company or other financial
    institution or finance service company;

  . an insurance company;

  . a tax-exempt organization;

  . a person who holds shares of Prime Response common stock or will hold
    Chordiant common stock as part of a straddle or a hedging, integrated,
    constructive sale or conversion transaction or other risk reduction
    strategy for tax purposes;

  . a person whose functional currency for tax purposes is not the U.S.
    dollar;

  . a person liable for alternative minimum tax;

  . a person who acquired shares of Prime Response common stock or Chordiant
    common stock through stock option or stock purchase programs or in other
    compensatory transactions;

  . a foreign person; or

  . a person who is a United States expatriate.

   In addition, the following discussion does not address the tax consequences
of the merger under state, local and foreign tax laws. Furthermore, the
following discussion does not address:

  . the tax consequences of transactions effectuated before, after or at the
    same time as the merger, whether or not they are in connection with the
    merger, including, without limitation, transactions in which Prime
    Response shares are acquired or Chordiant shares are disposed of;

  . the tax consequences to holders of options or warrants issued by Prime
    Response that are assumed, exercised or converted, as the case may be, in
    connection with the merger; or

  . the tax consequences of the receipt of Chordiant shares other than in
    exchange for Prime Response shares.

   Accordingly, holders of Prime Response common stock are advised and expected
to consult their own tax advisors regarding the federal income tax consequences
of the merger in light of their personal circumstances and the consequences
under state, local and foreign tax laws.

   Cooley Godward LLP and Hale and Dorr LLP, as a condition to the closing,
must render tax opinions that the merger will constitute a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (a
"Reorganization"). These tax opinions discussed in this section assume and will
be conditioned upon the following:

  . the truth and accuracy of the statements, covenants, representations and
    warranties contained in the merger agreement, in the tax representations
    received from Chordiant, Puccini Acquisition Corp. ("Merger Sub") and
    Prime Response to support the tax opinions and in all other instruments
    and documents related to the formation, organization and operation of
    Chordiant, Merger Sub and Prime Response examined by and relied upon by
    Cooley Godward LLP and Hale and Dorr LLP in connection with the merger;

  . that original documents submitted to such counsel are authentic, that
    documents submitted to such counsel as copies conform to the original
    documents and that all of these documents have been, or will be by the
    effective time of the merger, duly and validly executed and delivered
    where due execution and delivery are a prerequisite to the effectiveness
    of these documents;

  . that all covenants contained in the merger agreement and the tax
    representations described above are performed without waiver or breach of
    any material provision of these covenants; and

  . that any representation or statement made "to the best of knowledge" or
    similarly qualified is correct without that qualification.

   No ruling from the Internal Revenue Service has been or will be requested in
connection with the merger. In addition, stockholders of Prime Response should
be aware that the tax opinions discussed in this section are not binding on the
IRS; the IRS could adopt a contrary position and a contrary position could be
sustained by a court.

   Assuming the merger constitutes a Reorganization for federal income tax
purposes, the following federal income tax consequences will result to Prime
Response stockholders:

  . stockholders of Prime Response will not recognize any gain or loss upon
    the receipt of solely Chordiant common stock for their Prime Response
    common stock;

  . the aggregate basis of the shares of Chordiant common stock received by a
    Prime Response stockholder in the merger, including any fractional share
    deemed received, will be the same as the aggregate basis of the shares of
    Prime Response common stock exchanged therefor;

  . the holding period of the shares of Chordiant common stock received by a
    Prime Response stockholder in the merger will include the holding period
    of the shares of Prime Response common stock exchanged therefor, provided
    that such shares of Prime Response common stock are held as capital
    assets at the effective time of the merger; and

  . a stockholder of Prime Response who receives cash in lieu of a fractional
    share will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference, if any,
    between such stockholder's basis in the fractional share and the amount
    of cash received. Such gain or loss will be a capital gain or loss if the
    Prime Response common stock to which the fractional share interest is
    allocable is held by such stockholder as a capital asset at the effective
    time of the merger.

   In addition to the foregoing, there are other tax-related issues that you
should be aware of, such as:

  . Reporting Requirements. Each Prime Response stockholder that receives
    Chordiant common stock in the merger will be required to file a statement
    with his, her or its federal income tax return setting forth the
    stockholder's basis in the Prime Response stock exchanged and the fair
    market value of the Chordiant stock and any cash received in the merger,
    and to retain permanent records of these facts relating to the merger.

  . Backup Withholding. Unless an exemption applies under applicable law and
    regulations, the exchange agent for Chordiant common stock is required to
    withhold, and will withhold, 31% of any cash payments to a Prime Response
    stockholder in the merger unless the stockholder provides the appropriate
    form as described below. Each Prime Response stockholder should complete
    and sign the substitute Form W-9 included as part of the letter of
    transmittal to be sent to each Prime Response stockholder, so as to
    provide the information, including such stockholder's taxpayer
    identification number, and certification necessary to avoid backup
    withholding, unless an applicable exemption exists and is proved in a
    manner satisfactory to Chordiant and the exchange agent.

  . Consequences of IRS Challenge. A successful IRS challenge to the status
    of the merger as a Reorganization would result in significant tax
    consequences. Prime Response stockholders would recognize gain or loss
    with respect to each share of Prime Response common stock exchanged in
    the merger. Such gain or loss would be equal to the difference between
    the stockholder's basis in such share and the sum of the fair market
    value, as of the effective time of the merger, of the Chordiant common
    stock received in the merger and any cash received instead of a
    fractional share of Chordiant common stock. In such event, a
    stockholder's aggregate basis in the Chordiant common stock so received
    would equal its fair market value as of the effective time of the merger
    and the stockholder's holding period for such stock would begin the day
    after the merger is consummated.

  . Other Consideration. Even if the merger qualifies as a Reorganization, a
    recipient of Chordiant common stock would recognize income if, for
    example, any such shares were determined to have been received in
    exchange for services, to satisfy obligations or in consideration for
    anything other than the Prime Response common stock exchanged. Generally,
    such income would be taxable as ordinary income upon receipt. In
    addition, to the extent that Prime Response stockholders were treated as
    receiving, directly or indirectly, consideration other than Chordiant
    common stock in exchange for such stockholder's Prime Response common
    stock, gain or loss would have to be recognized.

   The summary of material United States federal income tax consequences set
forth above is intended to provide only a general summary and is not intended
to be a complete analysis or description of all potential federal income tax
consequences of the merger. In addition, the summary does not address tax
consequences that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual
circumstances. Moreover, the summary does not address any non-income tax or any
foreign, state or local tax consequences of the merger. The summary does not
address the tax consequences of any transaction other than the merger.
Accordingly, each Prime Response stockholder is strongly urged to consult with
a tax advisor to determine the particular federal, state, local or foreign
income or other tax consequences of the merger to such stockholder.

Anticipated Accounting Treatment

   The merger is expected to be accounted for as a purchase under U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.

Governmental Approvals

   Transactions such as the merger are subject to review by the Department of
Justice and the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") to determine whether they
comply with applicable antitrust laws. Under the provisions of the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 ("HSR Act") and the rules promulgated
thereunder, no premerger notification reports must be filed by Chordiant or
Prime Response with the Department of Justice or the FTC in connection with the
merger.

Restrictions on Resales by Affiliates

   The shares of Chordiant common stock to be received by Prime Response
stockholders in the merger will have been registered under the Securities Act
and, except as described in this paragraph, may be freely traded without
restriction. The shares of Chordiant common stock to be issued in the merger
and received by persons who may be considered to be "affiliates," as that term
is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, of Prime Response before the
merger may be resold by them only in transactions permitted by the resale
provisions of Rule 145 under the Securities Act or as otherwise permitted under
the Securities Act. The merger agreement provides that Prime Response will use
all reasonable efforts to obtain a signed affiliate agreement in favor of and
for the benefit of Chordiant from all persons who may be considered affiliates
of Prime Response. Each affiliate agreement signed by an affiliate of Prime
Response provides that the affiliate agrees not to sell, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any shares of Prime Response common stock owned by him, her or it or
any Chordiant common stock received by him, her or it in exchange for shares of
Prime Response common stock in connection with the merger or any additional
shares of capital stock of Prime Response, Chordiant or any subsidiary or
affiliate of Chordiant acquired by such affiliate, whether upon exercise of a
stock option, warrant or conversion of debt securities or otherwise, for a
period of time beginning on the effective date of the affiliate agreement until
such time following the merger as Chordiant publishes financial statements that
include at least thirty days of combined financial results of Chordiant and
Prime Response. The affiliate agreements also provide that these persons will
not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares of Chordiant common stock
at any time in violation of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
promulgated under the Securities Act, including Rule 145.

                     CERTAIN TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   The following description of the merger agreement describes certain material
terms of the merger agreement. The full text of the merger agreement is
attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is
incorporated herein by reference. You are encouraged to read the entire merger
agreement carefully.

The Merger

   The merger agreement provides that at the effective time of the merger,
Puccini Acquisition Corp. will be merged with and into Prime Response. Upon
completion of the merger, Prime Response will continue as the surviving
corporation and will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chordiant and the
directors and officers of Puccini Acquisition Corp. immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger shall become the directors and officers of Prime
Response upon completion of the merger.

Effective Time of the Merger

   The merger will become effective when a certificate of merger executed by
Prime Response is delivered and filed with the Delaware Secretary of State.
Provided that all the conditions to the merger contained in the merger
agreement are satisfied or waived, it is anticipated that the effective time
will occur as soon as practicable following the special meetings.

Manner and Basis of Converting Shares

   The merger agreement provides that at the effective time of the merger, each
outstanding share of Prime Response common stock will automatically be
converted into the right to receive 0.60 of a share of Chordiant common stock.
No fractional shares of Chordiant common stock will be issued in the merger.
Instead, each Prime Response stockholder otherwise entitled to a fractional
share will receive a cash amount (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without
interest, based on the closing price of Chordiant common stock on the Nasdaq
National Market on the date the merger becomes effective.

   Following the effective time of the merger, EquiServe LP, who has been
selected by Chordiant to act as exchange agent, will mail to each record holder
of Prime Response common stock a letter indicating that the merger has been
completed. Record holders of Prime Response common stock will also be mailed a
transmittal letter, which record holders will use to exchange Prime Response
common stock certificates for Chordiant common stock certificates and cash for
any fractional share. Holders of Prime Response common stock may contact the
exchange agent by writing to EquiServe LP at 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA
02021. Additionally, holders of Prime Response common stock certificates may,
at their option, physically surrender in person at the offices of the exchange
agent their certificates for certificates evidencing Chordiant common stock and
cash for any fractional share. Prime Response common stock certificates should
not be surrendered for exchange by Prime Response stockholders before the
effective time of the merger. After the effective time of the merger, transfers
of Prime Response common stock will not be registered on the stock transfer
books of Prime Response.

   Until it is surrendered and exchanged, each certificate that previously
evidenced Prime Response common stock will be deemed to evidence the right to
receive shares of Chordiant common stock and the right to receive cash instead
of any fractional share. Chordiant will not pay dividends or other
distributions on any shares of Chordiant common stock to be issued in exchange
for any Prime Response common stock certificate that is not surrendered until
the Prime Response common stock certificate is surrendered as provided in the
merger agreement.

Prime Response Stock Options and Warrants

   At the effective time of the merger, Chordiant will assume all outstanding
Prime Response stock options and warrants. Each outstanding stock option or
warrant assumed by Chordiant will become an option or warrant to purchase a
number of shares of Chordiant common stock determined by multiplying the number
of shares of Prime Response common stock subject to the stock option or warrant
immediately before the effective time of the merger by the 0.60 exchange ratio,
rounding down to the nearest whole share. The exercise price per share of
Chordiant common stock subject to each assumed stock option or warrant will be
equal to the exercise price per share of the Prime Response common stock
subject to the stock option or warrant divided by the exchange ratio, rounding
up to the nearest cent. All other terms and conditions of the stock options and
warrants (including with respect to acceleration) will not change and will
operate in accordance with their terms.

   Instead of assuming outstanding Prime Response stock options and warrants,
Chordiant has the right, under the terms of the merger agreement, to replace
outstanding Prime Response stock options and warrants with substantially
equivalent options and warrants to purchase shares of Chordiant common stock.
If Chordiant decides to substitute options and warrants, the number of shares
covered by the substituted options and warrants and the exercise price of the
substituted options and warrants will be calculated as described in the
preceding paragraph. All other terms of the substitute options and warrants
will be no more or less favorable to the optionee or warrantholder than the
terms of the options and warrants they are replacing.

   Based on the stock options and warrants of Prime Response outstanding at the
record date and assuming no such stock options or warrants are exercised before
the effective time, Chordiant will be required at the effective time to reserve
approximately [        ] shares of Chordiant common stock for issuance upon
exercise of Prime Response stock options and warrants assumed or substituted by
Chordiant in connection with the merger. Under the terms of the merger
agreement, Chordiant will file with the SEC a registration statement relating
to the shares of Chordiant common stock subject to each assumed stock option.

Prime Response Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   Prime Response's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will be terminated at the
effective time of the merger. February 28, 2001 will be treated as the last day
of any offering period then underway under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Pro-rata adjustments may be required under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan to
reflect this shortened offering period, but the offering period will otherwise
be treated as a fully effective and completed offering period for all purposes
of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

Representations and Warranties

   The merger agreement contains customary representations and warranties of
Prime Response, Chordiant and Puccini Acquisition Corp. relating to, among
other things, certain aspects of the respective businesses and assets of the
parties and other matters. The representations and warranties expire at the
effective time of the merger.

Covenants; Conduct of Business Prior to the Merger

   Affirmative Covenants of Prime Response. Prime Response has agreed that
before the effective time of the merger it will, among other things, and
subject to specified exceptions:

  . except to the extent that such conduct does not result in a breach of any
    other covenant in the merger agreement, ensure that each of Prime
    Response and its subsidiaries conducts their respective businesses and
    operations in the ordinary course and in accordance with past practices
    and in compliance with all applicable legal requirements and the
    requirements of all material contracts;

  . use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its current
    business organization, keep available the services of its current
    officers and employees and maintain its relations and goodwill with all

   suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, strategic partners, licensors,
   licensees, employees and other persons having business relationships with
   it;

  . keep in full force all insurance policies, provide all notices,
    assurances and support required pursuant to any contract relating to any
    of Prime Response's proprietary assets in order to ensure that no
    condition occurs that could result in any transfer or disclosure by Prime
    Response or any of its subsidiaries of any of Prime Response's or any of
    its subsidiaries' source code or a release from escrow of any of Prime
    Response's or any of its subsidiaries' source code that has been
    previously deposited into escrow;

  . promptly notify Chordiant of: (1) any notice or communication from any
    person alleging that the consent of such person is or may be required in
    connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
    and (2) any legal proceeding commenced or to the best of the knowledge of
    Prime Response, threatened against or relating to Prime Response or any
    of its subsidiaries including any legal proceedings that relate to the
    completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

  . cause Prime Response's chief executive officer to report regularly, but
    no less frequently than every five business days, to Chordiant concerning
    the status of Prime Response's business and (to the extent requested by
    Chordiant) cause its other officers to report regularly to Chordiant
    regarding Prime Response's business;

  . give Chordiant reasonable advance notice of any meetings of management of
    Prime Response and provide Chordiant with the opportunity to cause a
    designee of Chordiant to attend and participate in meetings of
    management;

  . provide Chordiant access to any of Prime Response's or its subsidiaries'
    offices and facilities at reasonable times and reasonable access to Prime
    Response's personnel, assets, books, records, tax returns and other
    documents and provide Chordiant with copies of all material operating and
    financial reports prepared by Prime Response's senior management, any
    written materials sent by Prime Response to its stockholders and any
    notice, report or other document filed with or sent to any governmental
    body in connection with the merger and any material notice, report or
    other document received by Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries from
    any governmental body;

  . promptly notify Chordiant in writing of any event, condition, fact or
    circumstance that occurs, arises or exists on or prior to the date of the
    merger agreement and that would cause or constitute a material inaccuracy
    in any representation or warranty made by Prime Response in the merger
    agreement if such representation or warranty had been made as of the time
    of the occurrence, existence or discovery of such event, condition, fact
    or circumstance, or such event, condition, fact or circumstance had
    occurred, arisen or existed on or prior to the date of the merger
    agreement;

  . promptly notify Chordiant in writing of any material breach of any
    covenant or obligation of Prime Response under the merger agreement;

  . promptly notify Chordiant in writing of any event, condition, fact or
    circumstance that would make the timely satisfaction of any of the
    conditions set forth in the merger agreement impossible or unlikely or
    that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on Prime Response or its subsidiaries;

  . use all reasonable efforts to file all notices, reports and other
    documents required to be filed with any governmental body with respect to
    the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement, including any notifications required under the HSR Act and any
    applicable foreign antitrust laws or regulations in connection with the
    merger and to submit promptly any additional information requested by any
    such governmental body;

  . use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
    all actions necessary to consummate the merger and make effective the
    other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including (1)
    making all filings, if any, and giving all notices, if any, required to
    be made and given by Prime Response in connection with the merger and the
    other transactions contemplated by

   the merger agreement, (2) using all reasonable efforts to obtain each
   consent, if any, required to be obtained by Prime Response in connection
   with the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
   merger agreement and (3) using all reasonable efforts to lift any
   restraint, injunction or other legal bar to the merger;

  . take all action necessary to call, give notice of and hold a meeting of
    its stockholders to vote on a proposal to adopt the merger agreement; and

  . use its best efforts to ensure that (1) its operating expenses for the
    first fiscal quarter of 2001 will not exceed $11.5 million in the
    aggregate as of March 31, 2001 and (2) its operating expenses will not
    exceed $3.8 million per month for each month ended on January 31, 2001
    and February 28, 2001, respectively. The term "operating expenses" is
    defined in the merger agreement as the sum of sales and marketing
    expenses, research and development expenses and general and
    administrative expenses of Prime Response computed on a consolidated
    basis and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
    applied on a consistent basis; provided, however, such sum shall not
    include (A) non-cash expenses incurred by Prime Response during the first
    fiscal quarter of 2001, (B) expenses incurred by Prime Response in
    connection with the merger agreement and (C) non-recurring expenses
    related to actions taken by Prime Response in connection with the
    corporate restructuring of Prime Response after the date of the merger
    agreement provided that and only if Chordiant shall have consented to all
    of such actions and the resulting non-recurring expenses.

   Prime Response has also agreed that its board of directors will recommend
that the Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement.
However, at any time before the Prime Response special meeting, Prime
Response's board of directors is entitled to withdraw or modify its
recommendation that the Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger
agreement if the following are satisfied:

  . an unsolicited, bona fide written offer to purchase all of the
    outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock is made to Prime
    Response and is not withdrawn;

  . Prime Response provides Chordiant with reasonable prior notice of any
    meeting of Prime Response's board or directors at which Prime Response's
    board of directors will determine whether such an offer constitutes a
    superior offer as defined below;

  . Prime Response's board of directors determines in good faith (based upon
    the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized
    reputation) that the offer constitutes a superior offer;

  . Prime Response's board of directors determines in good faith, after
    having taken into account the advice of Prime Response's outside legal
    counsel, that, in light of the superior offer, the withdrawal or
    modification of its recommendation is required for the board of directors
    to comply with its fiduciary obligations to the Prime Response
    stockholders under applicable law;

  . the Prime Response board recommendation that the Prime Response
    stockholders vote to approve the merger agreement is not withdrawn or
    modified in a manner adverse to Chordiant at any time within five
    business days after Chordiant receives written notice from Prime Response
    confirming that Prime Response's board of directors has determined that
    the offer constitutes a superior offer; and

  . neither Prime Response nor any of its representatives has breached or
    taken any action inconsistent with the agreement not to solicit or
    encourage, or participate in discussions or negotiations with respect to,
    acquisition proposals from or with parties other than Chordiant.

   For purposes of the merger agreement, the term "superior offer" means an
unsolicited, bona fide written offer made by a third party to purchase all of
the outstanding shares of Prime Response common stock on terms that the Prime
Response board of directors determines, in its reasonable judgment, based upon
the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation, to be more favorable to the Prime Response stockholders than the
terms of the merger agreement. Such an offer shall not, however, be deemed to
be a superior offer if any financing required to consummate the transaction
contemplated by the offer is not committed and is not reasonably capable of
being obtained by the third party.

   Prime Response's obligation to call, give notice of and hold the special
stockholders' meeting will not be affected by the commencement, disclosure,
announcement or submission of a superior offer or acquisition proposal, or by
any withdrawal or modification of the recommendation by Prime Response's board
of directors that Prime Response's stockholders vote to approve the merger
agreement.

   If the Prime Response board of directors withdraws or modifies its
recommendation that the Prime Response stockholders vote to approve the merger
agreement, Prime Response may be required to pay Chordiant a nonrefundable fee
in the amount of $1.0 million, plus reimbursement for expenses incurred by in
connection with the merger up to $2.0 million (including attorney fees,
accountants fees, financial advisory fees and filing fees). See "Certain Terms
of the Merger Agreement-Expenses and Termination Fee."

   Negative Covenants of Prime Response. Prime Response has agreed that before
the effective time of the merger, without the prior written consent of
Chordiant, it will not, will not agree to, will not commit to and will not
permit its subsidiaries to:

  . declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other
    distribution in respect of any shares of capital stock, or repurchase,
    redeem or otherwise reacquire any shares of capital stock or other
    securities;

  . subject to specified exceptions, including the issuance of shares of
    Prime Response common stock upon the valid exercise of Prime Response
    options or warrants outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement,
    sell, issue, grant or authorize the issuance or grant of any capital
    stock or other security, any option, call, warrant or right to acquire
    any capital stock or other security or any instrument convertible into or
    exchangeable for any capital stock or other security;

  . amend or waive any of its rights under, or accelerate the vesting under,
    any provision of any of Prime Response's stock option plans, any
    provision of any agreement evidencing any outstanding stock option or any
    restricted stock purchase agreement, or otherwise modify the terms of any
    outstanding option, warrant or other security or related contract;

  . amend or permit the adoption of any amendment to its certificate of
    incorporation or bylaws or other charter or organizational documents;

  . effect or become a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange,
    business combination, amalgamation, recapitalization, reclassification of
    shares, stock split, reverse stock split, division or subdivision of
    shares, consolidation of shares or similar transaction;

  . subject to specified exceptions, form any subsidiary or acquire any
    equity interest in any other entity;

  . make any capital expenditure;

  . enter into or become bound by, or permit any of the assets owned or used
    by Prime Response to become bound by, any contract (including, without
    limitation, any contract requiring Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries to license, sell or otherwise make available to any person
    any product, system or software, any contract with respect to the lease
    of real property and any contract with or relating to any employee), or
    amend or terminate, or waive or exercise any right or remedy under, any
    contract;

  . lend money to any person, forgive any indebtedness or incur or guarantee
    any indebtedness;

  . establish, adopt or amend any employee benefit plan, pay any bonus or
    make any profit-sharing payment to, or increase the amount of the wages,
    salary, commissions, fringe benefits or other compensation payable to,
    any of its directors, officers or employees;

  . hire or promote any employee or engage any consultant or independent
    contractor;

  . change any of its product return policies, personnel policies or any of
    its methods of accounting or accounting practices in any respect;

  . make any tax election;

  . commence or settle any legal proceeding;

  . enter into any material transaction or take any other material action; or

  . make any disclosure regarding the merger or any of the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement unless Chordiant shall have approved
    such disclosure or Prime Response shall have been advised in writing by
    its outside legal counsel that such disclosure is required by applicable
    law.

   Affirmative Covenants of Chordiant. Chordiant has agreed that, until the
earlier of the effective time of the merger or the termination of the merger
agreement, it will, among other things, and subject to specified exceptions:

  . provide Prime Response with reasonable access to Chordiant's personnel,
    assets, books, records, tax returns and other documents and provide Prime
    Response with copies of existing books, records, tax returns and other
    documents and information relating to Chordiant and to such additional
    financial, operating and other data and information regarding Chordiant
    as Prime Response may reasonably request;

  . register under the Securities Act the issuance of the shares of Chordiant
    common stock in the merger;

  . use all reasonable efforts to file all notices, reports and other
    documents required to be filed with any governmental body with respect to
    the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement, including the notifications required under the HSR Act and any
    applicable foreign, federal and state antitrust laws or regulations in
    connection with the merger and to submit promptly any additional
    information requested by any such governmental body;

  . use all commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
    all actions necessary to consummate the merger and make effective the
    other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including (1)
    making all filings, if any, and giving all notices, if any, required to
    be made and given by Chordiant in connection with the merger and the
    other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, (2) using all
    reasonable efforts to obtain each consent, if any, required to be
    obtained by Chordiant in connection with the merger or any of the other
    transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and (3) using all
    reasonable efforts to lift any restraint, injunction or other legal bar
    to the merger;

  . take all action necessary to call, give notice of and hold a meeting of
    its stockholders to vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of shares
    of Chordiant common stock in the merger; and

  . use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the board of directors
    of Chordiant to consist, as of the effective time of the merger, of ten
    directors: (1) nine of whom will be persons designated by Chordiant, and
    (2) one of whom will be a person designated by Prime Response, provided
    that person is not an employee of Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries.

   Chordiant has also agreed that its board of directors will recommend that
the Chordiant stockholders vote to approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant
common stock in the merger. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time
before the Chordiant special meeting, the Chordiant board of directors is
entitled to withdraw or modify its recommendation that the Chordiant
stockholders vote to approve the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock
in the merger if the board of directors of Chordiant concludes in good faith,
after having taken into account the advice of Chordiant's outside legal
counsel, that the withdrawal or modification of the board of directors'
recommendation is required in order for the board of directors of Chordiant to
comply with its fiduciary obligations to Chordiant's stockholders under
applicable law. No termination fee will be payable to Prime Response by
Chordiant if the board of directors of Chordiant withdraws or modifies its
recommendation that the Chordiant stockholders vote to approve the issuance of
shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger.

   Negative Covenants of Chordiant. Chordiant has agreed that before the
effective time of the merger, without the prior written consent of Prime
Response, it will not make any disclosure regarding the merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement unless Prime Response
shall have approved such disclosure or Chordiant shall have been advised in
writing by its outside legal counsel that such disclosure is required by
applicable law.

Limitation on Prime Response's Ability to Consider other Acquisition Proposals

   Prime Response has agreed that it will not directly or indirectly, and that
it will not authorize or permit its subsidiaries or any of its representatives
directly or indirectly, to:

  . solicit, initiate, encourage, induce or facilitate the making, submission
    or announcement of any acquisition proposal or take any action that could
    reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal, as defined
    below;

  . furnish any information regarding Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries to any person in connection with or in response to an
    acquisition proposal or an inquiry or indication of interest that could
    lead to an acquisition proposal;

  . engage in discussions or negotiations with any person with respect to any
    acquisition proposal;

  . approve, endorse or recommend any acquisition proposal; or

  . enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract
    contemplating or otherwise relating to any acquisition transaction, as
    defined below.

   For purposes of the merger agreement, the term "acquisition proposal" means
any offer, proposal, inquiry or indication of interest, other than by
Chordiant, contemplating or otherwise relating to any acquisition transaction.

   For purposes of the merger agreement, the term "acquisition transaction"
means:

  . any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, share exchange, business
    combination, issuance of securities, acquisition of securities, tender
    offer, exchange offer or other similar transaction (1) in which Prime
    Response or any its subsidiaries is a constituent corporation, (2) in
    which a person or group of persons directly or indirectly acquires
    beneficial or record ownership of securities representing more than 20%
    of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of Prime
    Response or its subsidiaries or (3) in which Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries issues securities representing more than 20% of the
    outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of Prime
    Response or any of its subsidiaries;

  . any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition
    of any business or businesses or assets that constitute or account for
    20% or more of the consolidated net revenues, net income or assets of
    Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; or

  . any liquidation or dissolution of Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries.

   However, prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by the Prime Response
stockholders, these restrictions will not prohibit Prime Response from
furnishing nonpublic information regarding Prime Response or its subsidiaries
to, or entering into discussions with, any person or entity in response to a
superior offer (as defined above) that is submitted to Prime Response by that
person or entity (and not withdrawn) if:

  . neither Prime Response nor any representative of Prime Response or any
    its subsidiaries have breached or taken any action inconsistent with the
    restrictions discussed above;

  . the Prime Response board of directors determines in good faith, based
    upon the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally
    recognized reputation, that such acquisition proposal is reasonably
    likely to lead to a superior offer;

  . the board of directors of Prime Response concludes in good faith, after
    having taken into account the advice of its outside legal counsel, that
    such action is required in order for the board of directors to comply
    with its fiduciary obligations to the Prime Response stockholders under
    applicable law;

  . prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to, or entering into
    discussions with, that person, Prime Response gives Chordiant written
    notice of the identity of that person and of Prime Response's intention
    to furnish nonpublic information to, or enter into discussions with, that
    person, and Prime Response receives from that person an executed
    confidentiality agreement containing customary limitations on the use and
    disclosure of all nonpublic written and oral information furnished to
    that person by or on behalf of Prime Response and containing customary
    "standstill" provisions; and

  . prior to furnishing any such nonpublic information to that person, Prime
    Response furnishes such nonpublic information to Chordiant, to the extent
    such nonpublic information has not been previously furnished by Prime
    Response to Chordiant.

   If the Prime Response board of directors receives an acquisition proposal,
any inquiry or indication of interest that could reasonably be expected to lead
to an acquisition proposal or any request for nonpublic information then Prime
Response must, within 24 hours of receipt of such acquisition proposal,
inquiry, indication of interest or request, advise Chordiant orally and in
writing of such matter (including the identity of the person making or
submitting such acquisition proposal, inquiry, indication of interest or
request, and the terms thereof). Prime Response must keep Chordiant fully
informed with respect to the status of any such acquisition proposal, inquiry,
indication of interest or request and any modification or proposed modification
to the acquisition proposal. Prime Response must immediately cease and cause to
be terminated any existing discussions with any person that relate to any
acquisition proposal.

   Prime Response has agreed not to release or permit the release of any person
from, or to waive or permit the waiver of any provision of, any
confidentiality, "standstill," or similar agreement to which Prime Response or
any of its subsidiaries is a party or under which Prime Response or any of its
subsidiaries has any rights, and will use its best efforts to enforce or cause
to be enforced each of these agreements at the request of Chordiant. Prime
Response has also agreed to promptly request each person that has executed,
within 12 months prior to the date of the merger agreement, a confidentiality
agreement in connection with its consideration of a possible acquisition
transaction or equity investment to return all confidential information
furnished to that person by or on behalf of Prime Response or any of its
subsidiaries.

Conditions to the Merger

   Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party. The obligations of Chordiant
and Prime Response to complete the merger and otherwise consummate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the
satisfaction, at or prior to the closing of the merger, of the following
conditions:

  . the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    is a part shall have become effective in accordance with the provisions
    of the Securities Act and shall not be subject to any stop order or any
    pending or threatened stop order proceedings;

  . the Chordiant stockholders shall have approved the issuance of shares of
    Chordiant common stock in the merger by the required vote and the Prime
    Response stockholders shall have adopted the merger agreement by the
    required vote;

  . the shares of Chordiant common stock to be issued in the merger shall
    have been approved for listing (subject to notice of issuance) on the
    Nasdaq National Market;

  . any applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act shall have expired or
    been terminated; and

  . no court order shall be in effect that prohibits the completion of the
    merger.

   Conditions to the Obligation of Chordiant. The obligation of Chordiant to
complete the merger and otherwise consummate the transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement is subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the closing
of the merger, of the following additional conditions:

  . the representations and warranties made by Prime Response in the merger
    agreement shall have been accurate in all material respects as of the
    date of the merger agreement (except for representations and warranties
    which address matters only as of a particular time, which shall have been
    accurate in all material respects as of that particular time); provided
    that for the purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations
    and warranties, all "material adverse effect" qualifications and other
    materiality qualifications and any update or modification to Prime
    Response's disclosure schedule made after the date of the merger
    agreement related to such representations and warranties will be
    disregarded;

  . representations and warranties made by Prime Response relating to certain
    corporate governance and other related matters such as Prime Response's
    corporate structure, corporate standing and capitalization shall be
    accurate in all respects as of the date the merger is completed as if
    made on such date (except for representations and warranties which
    address matters only as of a particular time, which shall have been
    accurate in all respects as of that particular time); provided that for
    the purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and
    warranties all "material adverse effect" qualifications and other
    materiality qualifications and any update or modification to Prime
    Response's disclosure schedule related to such representations and
    warranties will be disregarded. Also any inaccuracies in the
    representations and warranties will be disregarded if the circumstances
    giving rise to all inaccuracies considered collectively do not
    constitute, and would not reasonably be expected to have a material
    adverse effect on Prime Response and its subsidiaries;

  . Prime Response shall have complied with and performed in all material
    respects with each covenant and obligation in the merger agreement that
    is required to be complied with by Prime Response at or prior to the
    completion of the merger;

  . all necessary governmental or corporate consents, assignments or
    approvals as may be required or appropriate to be obtained in connection
    with the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement will have been obtained and will be in full force and effect;

  . Chordiant shall have received the following agreements and documents,
    each of which will be in full force and effect: (1) affiliate agreements
    executed by each person who could reasonably be deemed to be an
    "affiliate" of Prime Response; (2) a letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers
    LLP, dated as of the closing date and addressed to Chordiant, reasonably
    satisfactory in form and substance to Chordiant, updating the earlier
    letter with respect to this registration statement; (3) a legal opinion
    of Chordiant's outside legal counsel dated as of the closing date and
    addressed to Chordiant, to the effect that the merger will constitute a
    tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes; (4) a
    certificate executed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
    Officer of Prime Response confirming that certain closing conditions have
    been satisfied; and (5) the written resignations of all officers and
    directors of Prime Response and each of its subsidiaries;

  . there shall not be pending or threatened any legal proceeding in which a
    governmental body is or is threatened to become a party or is otherwise
    involved: (1) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the
    consummation of the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
    by the merger agreement; (2) relating to the merger and seeking to obtain
    from Chordiant, Prime Response or any of Prime Response's subsidiaries
    any damages or other relief that may be material to Chordiant, Prime
    Response or any of Prime Response's subsidiaries; (3) seeking to prohibit
    or limit in any material respect Chordiant's ability to vote, receive
    dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with
    respect to the stock of the surviving corporation; (4) that would
    materially and adversely affect the right of Chordiant, Prime Response or
    any of Prime Response's subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the
    business of Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; or (5) seeking to
    compel Prime Response, any of Prime Response's subsidiaries, Chordiant or
    any subsidiary of Chordiant to dispose of or hold separate any material
    assets as a result of the merger or any of the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement;

  . there shall not be pending (1) any legal proceeding brought against Prime
    Response or any of its subsidiaries by any stockholder of Prime Response
    or any of its subsidiaries (other than a legal proceeding brought by any
    stockholder that relates solely to the value of the merger as expressed
    by the exchange ratio and no other matter) or (2) any legal proceeding
    seeking to obtain from Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries damages
    or other relief equal to or in excess of $1.0 million and there shall be
    no order, writ, injunction, judgment or decree to which Prime Response or
    any of its subsidiaries, or any assets owned or to the knowledge of Prime
    Response, used by Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries, is subject
    which has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
    effect on Prime Response and its subsidiaries;

  . there shall not be pending any legal proceeding in which, in the
    reasonable judgment of Chordiant, there is a reasonable possibility of an
    outcome that could have a material adverse effect on Prime Response and
    its subsidiaries or a material adverse effect on Chordiant: (1)
    challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the
    merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger
    agreement; (2) relating to the merger and seeking to obtain from
    Chordiant, Prime Response or any of Prime Response's subsidiaries any
    damages or other relief that may be material to Chordiant, Prime Response
    or any of Prime Response's subsidiaries; (3) seeking to prohibit or limit
    in any material respect Chordiant's ability to vote, receive dividends
    with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to
    the stock of Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; (4) that would
    materially and adversely affect the right of Chordiant, Prime Response or
    any of Prime Response's subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the
    business of Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; or (5) seeking to
    compel Prime Response, any of Prime Response's subsidiaries, Chordiant or
    any subsidiary of Chordiant to dispose of or hold separate any material
    assets as a result of the merger or any of the other transactions
    contemplated by the merger agreement; and

  . Chordiant shall have received assurances reasonably satisfactory to it
    that Prime Response has not exercised any rights it may have either in
    whole or in part to purchase shares of MarketSwitch Corporation pursuant
    to a warrant, dated March 31, 2000, entered into by Prime Response and
    MarketSwitch Corporation.

   As used in the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" means with
respect to Prime Response and its subsidiaries, any change, effect, event,
occurrence, state of facts or development that has had or could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business, financial
condition or results of operations of Prime Response and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole, (ii) the ability of Prime Response to consummate the merger or any
of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or to perform
any of its obligations under the merger agreement, or (iii) Chordiant's ability
to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership
rights with respect to the stock of the surviving corporation. However, none of
the following, in and of itself, will constitute a material adverse effect on
Prime Response and its subsidiaries:

  . a change in the market price or trading volume of Prime Response's common
    stock;

  . any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
    development attributable to conditions affecting the industries in which
    Prime Response participates, the United States economy as a whole or
    foreign economies in any locations where Prime Response or any of its
    subsidiaries has material operations or sales, so long as such conditions
    do not affect Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries in a materially
    disproportionate manner;

  . any failure by Prime Response to meet internal projections or forecasts,
    analysts' expectations or published revenue or earnings predictions for
    any period ending (or for which revenues or earnings are released) on or
    after the date of the merger agreement; and

  . any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
    development resulting from or relating to entering into, compliance with
    the terms of, or the taking of any action required by the merger
    agreement.

   Conditions to the Obligation of Prime Response. The obligation of Prime
Response to effect the merger and otherwise consummate the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement are subject to the satisfaction, at or
prior to the closing, of the following additional conditions:

  . the representations and warranties made by Chordiant in the merger
    agreement shall have been accurate in all material respects as of the
    date of the merger agreement (except for representations and warranties
    which address matters only as of a particular time, which shall have been
    accurate in all material respects as of that particular time); provided
    that for the purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations
    and warranties, all "material adverse effect" qualifications and other
    materiality qualifications and any update or modification to Chordiant's
    disclosure schedule related to such representations and warranties will
    be disregarded;

  . representations and warranties made by Chordiant relating to certain
    corporate governance and other related matters such as Chordiant's
    corporate structure, corporate standing and capitalization shall be
    accurate in all respects as of the date the merger is completed as if
    made on such date (except for representations and warranties which
    address matters only as of a particular time, which shall have been
    accurate in all respects as of that particular time); provided that for
    the purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and
    warranties all "material adverse effect" qualifications and other
    materiality qualifications and any update or modification to Chordiant's
    disclosure schedule related to such representations and warranties will
    be disregarded. Any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
    will be disregarded if the circumstances giving rise to all inaccuracies
    considered collectively do not constitute, and would not reasonably be
    expected to have a material adverse effect on Chordiant and its
    subsidiaries;

  . Chordiant shall have complied with and performed in all material respects
    with all of its covenants and obligations in the merger agreement
    required to be complied with at or prior to the completion of the merger;
    and

  . Prime Response shall have received the following agreements and
    documents, each of which will be in full force and effect: (1) a legal
    opinion of Prime Response's outside legal counsel dated as of the closing
    date and addressed to Prime Response, to the effect that the merger will
    constitute a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes; and
    (2) a certificate executed by any executive officer of Chordiant
    confirming that certain closing conditions have been satisfied.

   As used in the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" means with
respect to Chordiant, any change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
development that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on (i) the business, financial condition or results of
operations of Chordiant and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or (ii) the
ability of Chordiant to consummate the merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement or to perform any of its obligations under
the merger agreement. However, none of the following, in and of itself, will
constitute a material adverse effect on Chordiant:

  . a change in the market price or trading volume of Chordiant's common
    stock;

  . any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
    development attributable to conditions affecting the industries in which
    Chordiant or any of its subsidiaries participates, the United States
    economy as a whole or foreign economies in any locations where Chordiant
    or any of its subsidiaries has material operations or sales, so long as
    such conditions do not affect Chordiant or any of its subsidiaries in a
    materially disproportionate manner;

  . any failure by Chordiant to meet internal projections or forecasts,
    analysts' expectations or published revenue or earnings predictions for
    any period ending (or for which revenues or earnings are released) on or
    after the date of the merger agreement; and

  . any adverse change, effect, event, occurrence, state of facts or
    development resulting from or relating to entering into, compliance with
    the terms of, or the taking of any action required by the merger
    agreement.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

   Chordiant and Prime Response can agree by mutual written consent to
terminate the merger agreement at any time before the completion of the merger.
In addition, either Chordiant or Prime Response may terminate the merger
agreement if:

  . the merger is not completed on or before June 30, 2001, unless the
    failure to consummate the merger is attributable to a failure on the part
    of the party seeking to terminate the merger agreement to perform any
    covenant required to be performed by such party on or prior to the
    completion of the merger;

  . a court or other governmental body issues a final and nonappealable order
    permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the merger;

  . the Prime Response stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement;

  . the Chordiant stockholders fail to approve the issuance of shares of
    Chordiant common stock in the merger; or

  . the representations and warranties of the other party in the merger
    agreement are or become inaccurate, or the other party breaches its
    covenants, such that a condition to the obligation of the party to which
    such representations and warranties or covenants relate would not be
    satisfied and the inaccuracy or breach is not curable through the
    exercise of reasonable efforts or the other party is not using reasonable
    efforts to cure the breach.

   In addition, Chordiant may terminate the merger agreement, before the
receipt of the Prime Response stockholder approval, if any of the following
"triggering events" occurs:

  . the Prime Response board of directors fails to recommend that the Prime
    Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement, or has taken
    any other action which is reasonably determined by Chordiant to indicate
    that the board of directors of Prime Response might withdraw or modify
    such recommendation;

  . the board of directors of Prime Response takes any action that is
    inconsistent with supporting the merger or making its recommendation that
    the Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement;

  . Prime Response fails to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
    the recommendation by the Prime Response board of directors that the
    Prime Response shareholders vote to adopt the merger agreement or a
    statement to the effect that the Prime Response board of directors has
    determined and believes that the merger is in the best interests of the
    Prime Response stockholders;

  . the Prime Response board of directors fails to reaffirm its
    recommendation that the Prime Response stockholders vote to adopt the
    merger agreement or its determination that the merger is in the best
    interests of the Prime Response stockholders within five business days
    after Chordiant requests in writing that such recommendation or
    determination be reaffirmed;

  . the Prime Response board of directors approves, endorses or recommends
    another acquisition proposal;

  . Prime Response enters into a letter of intent or similar document or any
    contract contemplating another acquisition proposal;

  . Prime Response fails to hold the special meeting of the Prime Response
    stockholders within 45 days after the registration statement which
    includes this joint proxy statement/prospectus is declared effective;

  . a tender or exchange offer relating to securities of Prime Response is
    commenced, and Prime Response does not send to its securityholders,
    within 10 business days after the commencement of the tender or exchange
    offer, a statement disclosing that Prime Response recommends rejection of
    the tender or exchange offer;

  . another acquisition proposal is publicly announced and Prime Response
    fails to issue a press release announcing its opposition to the
    acquisition proposal within five business days after the acquisition
    proposal is announced or otherwise fails to actively oppose such
    acquisition proposal; or

  . Prime Response, its subsidiaries or any of their respective
    representatives breaches or takes any action inconsistent with its
    agreement not to solicit or encourage, or participate in discussions or
    negotiations with respect to, acquisition proposals from or with parties
    other than Chordiant.

   Subject to certain limited exceptions, if the merger agreement is
terminated, then it will be of no further effect, there will be no liability on
the part of Chordiant or Prime Response to the other, and all rights and
obligations of the parties will cease. However, no party will be relieved from
its obligations with respect to any material breach of representation, warranty
or covenant contained in the merger agreement.

Expenses and Termination Fee

 Expenses

   The merger agreement provides that, regardless of whether Chordiant and
Prime Response consummate the merger, each of Prime Response and Chordiant will
pay its own fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement
and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, except that
Chordiant and Prime Response have agreed to share equally all fees and
expenses, other than attorneys' fees, incurred in connection with (1) the
filing, printing and mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and any
amendments or supplements to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and (2) the
filing by the parties of the premerger notification and report forms relating
to the merger under the HSR Act and the filing of any notice or other document
under any applicable foreign antitrust law or regulation.

   However, not withstanding the foregoing, if the merger agreement is
terminated by Chordiant or Prime Response because the merger has not been
consummated by June 30, 2001 or the Prime Response stockholders have failed to
approve the merger at the special meeting of Prime Response stockholders and at
or prior to the time of the termination of the merger agreement in both these
circumstances, an acquisition proposal shall have been disclosed, announced,
commenced, submitted or made or the merger agreement is terminated by Chordiant
because one of the "triggering events" discussed above occurs, the merger
agreement requires Prime Response to reimburse Chordiant for expenses incurred
in connection with the merger up to $2.0 million (including attorneys' fees,
accountants fees, financial advisory fees and filing fees).

 Termination Fees

   If the merger agreement is terminated by Chordiant or Prime Response because
the merger is not consummated by June 30, 2001 or because the Prime Response
stockholders failed to adopt the merger agreement and at or prior to the time
of the termination of the merger agreement in both these circumstances, an
acquisition proposal shall have been disclosed, announced, commenced, submitted
or made or the merger agreement is terminated by Chordiant because one the
"triggering events" described above occurs, the merger agreement requires Prime
Response to pay Chordiant a termination fee in the amount of $1.0 million.

Amendment

   The merger agreement may be amended by the approval of the Chordiant board
of directors and the Prime Response board of directors. However, after the
adoption of the merger agreement by Prime Response's stockholders, no amendment
which by law requires the approval of Prime Response's stockholders will be
effective until approved by Prime Response's stockholders and after Chordiant's
stockholders have approved the issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in
the merger, no amendment which by law or National Association of Securities
Dealers, Inc. regulation requires further approval of Chordiant's stockholders
will be effective until approved by Chordiant's stockholders.

                               VOTING AGREEMENTS

   The following description of the voting agreements entered into by the
affiliated entities of the principal stockholder of Prime Response in favor of
Chordiant sets forth certain material terms of the voting agreements. The form
of voting agreement is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus by reference. You are encouraged to read the entire form
of voting agreement.

   Certain affiliated entities of General Atlantic Partners, LLC, a principal
stockholder of Prime Response whose representatives sit on the board of
directors of Prime Response have each entered into voting agreements with
Chordiant dated January 8, 2001. They have agreed in the voting agreements to
vote a certain percentage of the shares of Prime Response common stock owned by
them in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, against competing
acquisition proposals, and otherwise as provided in the voting agreements. The
voting agreements also provide that they must vote against the following "other
actions," other than the merger: (1) any action or agreement that could result
in a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Prime
Response in the merger agreement or in the voting agreement; (2) any
extraordinary corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation or other
business combination involving Prime Response or any of its subsidiaries; (3)
any sale, lease or transfer of a material amount of assets of Prime Response or
any of its subsidiaries (other than in the ordinary course of business); (4)
any reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution or liquidation of Prime
Response or any of its subsidiaries; (5) any removal of or change in a majority
of the board of directors of Prime Response; (6) any amendment to Prime
Response's certificate of incorporation; (7) any material change in the
capitalization of Prime Response or Prime Response's corporate structure; and
(8) any other action which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to
impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the
merger or any other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or the
voting agreement. These entities have also granted Chordiant an irrevocable
proxy to vote a certain number of their shares of Prime Response common stock
in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, against competing acquisition
proposals and in the discretion of the proxy holder with respect to the other
matters covered by the agreements. As of the record date, General Atlantic
Partners, LLC collectively beneficially owned 9,269,217 shares of Prime
Response common stock and has agreed to vote 8,192,828 shares of Prime Response
common stock beneficially owned by it (or approximately 40% of the outstanding
shares of Prime Response common stock as of the record date) in favor of
adoption of the merger agreement. The affiliated entities of General Atlantic
Partners, LLC may vote their shares of Prime Response common stock on all
matters not covered by the voting agreements.

   The affiliated entities of Prime Response's principal stockholder who signed
the voting agreements also have agreed not to transfer any shares of Prime
Response common stock, grant any option to purchase shares of Prime Response
common stock, otherwise dispose of or transfer any shares of Prime Response
common stock or create any encumbrance on or otherwise affecting the shares of
Prime Response common stock owned by them before the earlier of the termination
of the merger agreement or the consummation of the merger.

   These voting agreements will terminate upon the earlier to occur of the
termination of the merger agreement or the consummation of the merger, unless
an "identified termination" occurs, which includes circumstances where the
merger agreement is terminated by Chordiant or Prime Response because the
merger was not consummated by June 30, 2001 and at or prior to the time of
termination of the merger agreement an acquisition proposal had been disclosed,
announced, commenced, submitted or made or the merger agreement is terminated
by Prime Response or Chordiant because the Prime Response stockholders have
failed to approve the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. If an identified
termination occurs, the Prime Response stockholders who signed voting
agreements have agreed that for a period of 180 days after the merger agreement
is validly terminated they will vote against any acquisition proposal (not
brought by Chordiant) and against the approval or adoption of any related
transaction or agreement, against any action that is intended, or could
reasonably be expected, to facilitate the consummation of any other acquisition
transaction and against any "other action" as defined above.

                       INFORMATION RELATING TO CHORDIANT

                              CHORDIANT'S BUSINESS

Overview

   Chordiant provides a customer relationship management (CRM) software
infrastructure solution for customer relationship marketing, service, sales,
knowledge management and real-time transactions across multiple communication
channels. Chordiant believes its solution enables companies, who depend upon
and value their customer relationships, to bolster customer retention and build
long-term, profitable relationships with customers. Chordiant's primary target
markets include companies with the most demanding customer relationships
involving a large number of individual customers with complex customer
relationships that require high levels of personalized services. Chordiant's
customers include global companies in the financial services,
telecommunications, retail and integrated travel services industries. The
Chordiant solution seeks to fulfill the requirements these companies have for
an enterprise-wide CRM software infrastructure solution capable of servicing
millions of individual customers across multiple communication channels in
real-time.

Industry Background

   The CRM market is large, pervasive and rapidly growing. Today, Chordiant
believes customers are placing increasing value on convenient access to
information, products and services. To be successful in building long term and
profitable relationships with customers, Chordiant believes companies must take
a strategic approach to attract and retain valuable customers. To attract
customers, companies must focus on developing and executing a new set of
strategies that provide users with personalized experiences when they first
contact a company. Companies must be more responsive to customer needs and must
focus on delivering superior customer service and satisfaction to differentiate
themselves from their competitors. Companies must work to retain their
customers by providing relevant and targeted information and experiences each
time an interaction between a business and individual takes place. Moreover,
companies must recognize that every customer interaction provides an
opportunity to sell additional, and more valuable, products and services and
increase customer loyalty through personalized customer interaction.

   While the Internet has emerged as a significant channel to initiate and
maintain customer relationships, Chordiant believes that existing and
established customer communication channels have not become less significant.
Specifically, to remain competitive, Chordiant believes that companies must
provide consistent high quality customer service across all communication
channels including self service systems such as the Internet, e-mail and
automated telephony and assisted contact points such as call centers, branches
and retail outlets. Companies that use organization and enterprise-wide
customer information to provide consistent customer services through
interactions across multiple channels and contact points will be able to
compete more successfully in the rapidly changing Internet economy.

   There are many challenges to implementing an enterprise approach that is
focused on individual customers. These challenges include providing customers
access to information and functionality that traditionally resides within
complex back end systems, integrating and managing disparate systems and
generating relevant processes in real time. Successful integration of these
systems and the creation of a comprehensive single view of the customer allows
companies to control routing and prompting of appropriate responses to the
customer in an automated and dynamic process.

   Many existing product technologies do not meet the new requirements of an
enterprise view of customer relationships. Client/server technologies for sales
force automation, call centers and field service management were originally
designed for departmental functions and use by employees rather than customers.
The growth of the Internet has given rise to a wide range of new products
focused on a specific channel of customer contact such as Web self-service, e-
mail response and marketing automation. These single function Web-based
products are not likely to completely replace existing means of handling
customer service and commerce. For instance, many companies continue to rely
heavily on telephone-based customer service representatives and are struggling
to integrate Web and e-mail products with the telephone. Companies have
responded to the lack of

integration among existing products by attempting to design and build their own
e-business software applications. The cost and time to custom build these new
systems can be prohibitive, and the expertise required to design and integrate
the systems are often beyond the capabilities of most companies. Additionally,
most commercially-available and custom-built systems do not have the
flexibility to integrate existing and anticipated technologies or to allow
customization to keep up with a constantly changing Internet economy.

   Chordiant believes that companies need a flexible, integrated software
solution that supports all channels of customer contact with a comprehensive
single view of the customer and consistent business services. Today, customer
data must be accessed from multiple sources, applications and transaction
systems to respond to customer inquiries following company specific business
rules. Unlike traditional customer profiles, a comprehensive single view of the
customer must be updated in real time for each customer contact and reflect the
customer's contact history and other relevant information. A completely
customer focused software solution improves the ability to attract, engage and
retain customers on a personalized basis and understand their needs and
preferences to provide consistent interactions with customers through any
communication channel.

The Chordiant Solution

   Chordiant provides CRM infrastructure software and applications that
Chordiant believes enables companies to offer their customers personalized
marketing, sales programs, e-business services and customer support across
multiple communication channels. Chordiant has designed its products to
integrate customer information from different data sources, generate business
processes based on a customer's specific profile and request, and provide
uniform service and data to customers across multiple communications channels.
Chordiant products are designed to enable companies to deliver appropriate
offers and information to a targeted customer at the time of customer need.
Chordiant believes that companies that use its products can increase the value
derived from their customers through improved retention rates and linked
selling opportunities that result from a personalized customer interaction.

   Chordiant's product suite, Chordiant Unified CRM Solution, includes the
Unified CRM Infrastructure, Unified Interfaces, common business services and
relationship marketing, service, self-serve and knowledge management
applications. The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure provides for intelligent
customer interaction management across a client's entire business by unifying
communication channels and business processes from different corporate data
sources containing customer information. The Chordiant Unified Interfaces
contain interface products including: Chordiant Unified Knowledge, Chordiant
Unified Touch-Points, Chordiant Unified Response Center, Chordiant Unified
Rules and Workflow. Chordiant's Unified Interface products are designed to
unify the customer information, business processing and application services to
provide consistent service to customers across communications channels
including the Internet, telephone, e-mail and branch offices.

   Chordiant's product suite is designed to enable companies to increase the
return from their customers by facilitating individual interactions between
customers and companies that Chordiant believes will help retain customers,
grow revenues and increase profits. Chordiant's customers include multinational
market leading business-to-consumer companies such as: Bank One International,
Barclays Mercantile, British Sky Broadcasting, Canadian Tire Acceptance
Limited, Direct Line Group Services Limited, First USA Bank, OnStar, a division
of General Motors, Lloyds TSB Bank, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and
Thomas Cook Global Services.

   Key benefits of the Chordiant solution include the following:

   Comprehensive single view of the customer. Companies that have a
comprehensive single view of their customers and that distribute information
throughout their enterprise to the points of customer contact can provide a
more consistent and personalized consumer experience. Chordiant's data
management technology helps companies develop a single view of the customer by
integrating, consolidating and managing data derived from external and internal
sources. Chordiant's product suite uses multiple data sources, existing
applications and transaction systems to build a comprehensive single view of
the customer and generate the appropriate response at time of contact. A bank,
for example, might use Chordiant's products to integrate information about

a customer contained in internal databases such as credit card, mortgage and
savings account historical transaction systems, Web logs and e-mail management
systems, as well as external databases such as national credit check services.
By integrating this information, the bank has a more comprehensive
understanding of the customer's ability to repay a loan and the value of that
customer's relationship with the bank.

   Automated, sophisticated decision making processes. Workflow and rules
driven business processes help companies to make automated, yet informed,
decisions about customer inquiries. Chordiant's workflow processing system
supports customizable business processes allowing companies to develop business
rules that will be implemented consistently. Chordiant's workflow editor is a
graphical user interface application that allows business analysts to customize
and automate their company's unique business rules. Chordiant's sophisticated
routing engine is designed to allow companies to instantly determine how to
respond to specific customer inquiries and generate offers appropriate for
particular customers. A bank, for example, could specify that at the time of
contact, only customers with a solid credit card history, an existing home
loan, a savings account with a minimum balance and a clean credit history
should receive an attractive auto loan rate and free online bill payment
services.

   Consistent customer experience across multiple channels. Chordiant believes
that companies providing customers with a consistent experience across multiple
communication channels enjoy greater customer satisfaction because customers
are able to receive the same reliable service and information regardless of how
they choose to contact the company. There are a large and increasing number of
customer communications channels, including: Web, e-mail, fax, self-service
systems, mobile devices, call centers and retail outlets. Chordiant's product
suite implements a common set of business rules uniformly across systems
already existing in different customer communications channels. A bank, for
example, could ensure that a particular customer receives the same attractive
auto loan rate and online bill payment service promotion, regardless of whether
the customer contacts the bank through the Web, e-mail, a customer service call
center or in person at a local branch.

   Standard and customizable business services. Chordiant believes that
companies that implement their unique business services will realize greater
levels of efficiency, consistency and customer satisfaction. Chordiant's
products provide a broad set of standard business objects, or fundamental
business functions, that are common across industries. These standard business
objects can be modified to accommodate specific customer and business
processes, policies and transactions of individual companies. A bank, for
example, could customize Chordiant's business objects by activating specific
financial services objects related to specific transactions, such as processing
auto loans, and alter Chordiant's standard loan business processes to bypass an
external credit check if the customer has a clean credit and mortgage history.

Strategy

   Chordiant's objective is to continue to provide innovative CRM
infrastructure software that enables companies to provide superior relationship
marketing, personalized service and customer support to their individual
customers across multiple communication channels.

   Key elements of Chordiant's strategy include the following:

   Continue technology leadership. The increasing demands for multi-channel
interactive CRM solutions require products that are adaptable, extensible and
interoperable. To meet these requirements, Chordiant intends to continue to
devote substantial resources to the development of new and innovative product
capabilities. Because Chordiant has designed its products to utilize the
capabilities of the Internet, Chordiant believes that its products are more
easily adapted to a constantly changing, e-business environment. For example,
Chordiant's product suite is designed to accommodate additional contact points
such as personal digital assistants, cellular telephones and digital
television.

   Extend technology and integration alliances. Chordiant has sought, secured
and continued to seek, strategic alliances to assist in developing, marketing
and selling its product. This approach is intended to

leverage the technology and resources available to perform application design
and development services for Chordiant's customers and provide additional
marketing and technical expertise in industry segments. To help ensure that
Chordiant delivers comprehensive products to its customers, Chordiant has
established strategic relationships with organizations in three general
categories:

  . computing and network platform vendors;

  . software platform vendors; and

  . systems integrators.

   Target leading global business-to-consumer companies. Chordiant intends to
continue targeting the global leaders in the primary business-to-consumer
markets by providing solutions to the financial services, telecommunications,
travel and retail industries. These industries are characterized by commodity-
like products and large numbers of dispersed customers, partners, vendors and
suppliers. Chordiant believes that companies in these industries will be early
users, and early beneficiaries, of an integrated system that can deliver
personalized, real-time processes utilizing a comprehensive single view of the
customer.

   Expand worldwide infrastructure. Chordiant intends to continue to grow its
global presence by expanding worldwide field sales, marketing and services
organizations. Chordiant plans to continue expanding its international presence
by adding direct sales personnel and increasing Chordiant's indirect sales
channels. In particular, Chordiant plans to further expand its European
operations from Chordiant's existing international headquarters in London,
England. Chordiant has established regional offices in both Germany and the
Netherlands.

   Growth through customer references. Chordiant plans to achieve additional
market success as Chordiant's customers become successful in using their e-
business initiatives to increase customer retention and revenues. Chordiant's
most successful customers become valuable references for Chordiant's future
sales opportunities. To ensure that all Chordiant customers become Chordiant
references, Chordiant intends to:

  . deliver superior customer service to Chordiant's customers, to help
    ensure their long-term satisfaction and success with Chordiant's
    products;

  . work with experienced and knowledgeable systems integrators to help
    enable Chordiant's customers to implement large scale deployments
    successfully;

  . deliver high quality customer education and training on Chordiant's
    products to assist Chordiant's customers to meet and exceed their e-
    business expectations; and

  . hire and retain expert consultants to assist Chordiant's customers in
    implementation of Chordiant's products.

Products

   Chordiant's products are designed to address complex and extreme customer
information demands placed on global companies who desire to treat millions of
their customers in an individual, personalized way. Chordiant's Unified CRM
Solution provides companies with e-business infrastructure software that is
typically licensed as an integrated set of applications and functionality.

   Chordiant's Unified CRM Solution suite is designed using a three-tiered
technology architecture. This layered architecture insulates software
components from one another which allows enhancements and customization to the
software to be made in a plug-and-play, modular manner. This three-tiered
product architecture is summarized below:

   The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure. The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure
brings together data from across the customer's enterprise to create the
customer data model. This customer data model provides a single point of
contact for customer transactions, affording efficient access to all customer
account information.

Chordiant's Unified Infrastructure integrates and communicates with telephony
equipment, legacy systems and transactional applications. The Chordiant Unified
Infrastructure enables workflow-driven interfaces and support for electronic
communications, telephony systems and switches, SQL relational databases, back-
office business applications and legacy data warehouses. As part of the Unified
Infrastructure, Chordiant has developed a unique set of technologies that
incorporate separate object-oriented communications managers for Internet,
e-mail, CTI and fax customer communications. Each communications manager is
responsible for representing the customer's request to the Chordiant workflow
engine.

   The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure also hosts persistent data connectors
and data routers, which manage communications between the Chordiant workflow
engine and a company's legacy applications, mainframe databases, relational
databases and data warehouses. The Chordiant Unified Infrastructure provides
integration capabilities with these legacy database systems and relational
databases, whether they reside locally or are dispersed across the corporate
enterprise network. Through the persistent data manager and data router,
Chordiant's Unified CRM Infrastructure opens, calls, encapsulates, updates and
manages data resources from one or more databases, providing the complete set
of data and information needed when interacting with a customer.

   Customers may also license Chordiant's Unified Rules and Unified Workflow
with Chordiant's Unified Infrastructure. Chordiant Unified Rules and Chordiant
Unified Workflow applications address functionality required by a customer
business analyst who incorporates their company's business processes into the
Chordiant Unified CRM Solution. The Unified Rules and Workflow allow for the
creation of new business processes or modify existing ones. By using Unified
Rules, processes can be strung together to provide a fully guided sequence for
complex business process, or a large number of dissimilar transactions or
services.

   Chordiant's Unified Touch-points. Chordiant's Unified Touch-points provide a
dynamic interface for creating unique, personalized interactions between the
business and individual. Individuals may contact companies through this layer
by browser-based HTML/XML, e-mail, fax, telephony and mobile devices. Internal
customer service representatives respond to each customer contact based upon
the business process, the company's policies for that process and the
customer's unique profile.

   Chordiant's Unified Response center. Chordiant's Unified Response center
includes three applications: Live Response, Assisted Response and Automated
Response. Live Response is the application used by customer service agents. The
Live Response application uses guided transactions to ensure that the customer
interaction is both personalized and consistent across all touch-points. Live
Response provides a customer interaction environment that empowers a customer
service agent to provide individualized high-quality sales, support and
service. Application functionality includes:

  . Customer Management (create, retrieve, update and delete customer
    information)

  . Account Management (view, add, delete, update)

  . Inquiries (directions, assistance)

  . Service Work (view queues, add activities, transfer work, defer work,
    view activities in process)

  . Local Administration (change password, modify screen layout)

   Chordiant's Assisted Response E-mail application routes incoming e-mail to a
queue for assisted response dependent upon on the e-mail content, the customer
profile, or the final results from the query to the Chordiant knowledge base
application. This approach provides a highly flexible way to manage the routing
of incoming messages dependent upon customer case history and profile.

   Chordiant's Automated Response E-mail application includes automated e-mail
routing and e-mail response capabilities. This application will receive
incoming e-mail and compare the e-mail to templates to determine if they should
be automatically responded to, or if the e-mail should be immediately forwarded
to a

customer service agent for assisted response. When the automated response
feature is enabled, the application will attempt to locate an answer from the
knowledge base application. If an appropriate answer is found, a return answer
to the customer (via e-mail) will be made and the event will be logged into the
customer's case history.

Customers

   Chordiant targets multinational market leaders in business-to-consumer
industries, particularly companies in the financial services,
telecommunications, travel and leisure and automotive industries. In the
future, Chordiant plans to expand into the retail and utilities industries.
Below is a list of Chordiant's customers as of December 31, 2000, each of which
during the past two years has purchased $500,000 or more of products from
Chordiant.

  . Bank One International

  . British Sky Broadcasting (BskyB)

  . Barclays Mercantile

  . Direct Line Group Services Limited

  . First USA Bank

  . OnStar, a division of General Motors, Inc.

  . Lloyds TSB Bank

  . Metropolitan Life Insurance Company

  . The Royal Bank of Scotland plc

   A small number of customers account for a significant portion of Chordiant's
total revenues. As a result, the loss or delay of individual orders or delays
in the product implementations for a customer can have a large impact on
Chordiant's revenues. In 1998, revenues from KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, Thomas
Cook Global Services, Canadian Tire Acceptance Limited and Chase Manhattan
Mortgage Corporation accounted for 36%, 19%, 14% and 12% of Chordiant's total
net revenues. In 1999, revenues from Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation and
First USA accounted for 30% and 19% of Chordiant's total net revenues. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2000, revenues from Electronic Data Systems
Corporation, Direct Line Group Services Limited, Lloyds TSB Bank and Barclays
Bank accounted for approximately 32%, 20%, 14% and 11% of Chordiant's total net
revenues. Chordiant expects that revenues from a small number of customers will
continue to account for a majority of Chordiant's total net revenues in the
future as historical implementations are completed and replaced with new
projects from new and existing customers.

Technology

   Chordiant designs and builds products to provide customer relationship
management solutions for large enterprises. Chordiant's Unified CRM solution
product suite consists of three layers. These layers are: e-business software
infrastructure, e-business software application code and a software framework,
including several software engines.

   The first software-layer, the e-business infrastructure, utilizes a four-
tier architecture: (1) delivering functionality to desktop computers, (2)
multiple consumer touch points (Web, e-mail, fax, etc.), (3) corporate
computing centers, and (4) in the data centers and networks of the company. The
first-tier is used by internal customer service representatives, marketing
professionals, sales and service employees, supervisors, management and other
staff of a company involved with customer contact. The second-tier is for the
consumers who desire to interact with the company using telephones, Web
browsers or wireless personal digital assistants and mobile devices. Telephone
calls, e-mails, Web-collaboration and other interactions are managed by

Chordiant's technology in this second-tier. The third-tier of the architecture
configures and operates the multiple software servers in customer computing
centers. This third-tier queues, routes, responds, initiates and computes the
business processes and applications, based on distributed information and
processing of business logic. All customer data comes from the fourth-tier,
where existing corporate company information systems are accessed and data is
integrated with connector architecture including caching and transactions
capabilities. Underlying this architecture is a persistent data management
system that integrates multiple real time data sources, utilizing object-
computing models.

   The second software-layer, the Chordiant e-business application code,
implements a wide variety of common functions often used by retail, financial,
insurance, travel and telecommunications industries for customer relationship
management functions. A flexible object model consisting of common business
fundamentals is contained in this technology layer. For example, common objects
include establishing the initial customer relationship, taking customer orders,
opening accounts, accessing the customer's case history, fulfilling orders and
case tracking.

   The third software-layer contains Chordiant's enterprise software framework.
The framework itself implements workload balancing, fail over systems, data
management systems and security systems. The framework also includes several
software engines used by the first and second software-layers. These engines
include a workflow system, a business rules system and a knowledge management
system.

   Applications running in the context of this multi-layer, multi-tier
environment, along with the data management system, object model and the
software engines, assist in delivering distributed customer data throughout the
company to form a single and unified view of a customer.

   Certain Chordiant products use technology modules from third party
technology providers including Sun Microsystems, IBM and Ilog, Inc. Chordiant
products are based on open system standards and are designed to be scalable and
integrate with a company's various information technology systems, networks and
telephony systems. Chordiant's products are based on industry standards
including Java, CORBA, IIOP, RMI and XML. Chordiant's server software runs on
both UNIX server platforms and Windows NT servers and can be configured for
multiple servers.

Sales and Marketing

   Chordiant licenses its products and sells services primarily through a
direct sales organization which is complemented by the selling and support
efforts of systems integrators and technology vendors. Chordiant's market focus
is in the business-to-consumer segment of the economy with a targeted effort on
leading consumer focused companies and companies using multiple channels as the
means of conducting business and serving customers. Chordiant targets its sales
and marketing efforts, together with its product design efforts, on industries
such as retail banking, consumer financial services, telecommunications, travel
and leisure, automotive and retailers.

   The sales process generally ranges from three to twenty-four months
depending on the level of education that prospective customers need about the
use and benefits of Chordiant's products and the involvement of systems
integrators. During the sales process, Chordiant typically approaches senior
executive management teams including the senior marketing officer, chief
information officer and chief executive officer of the potential customer.
Chordiant utilizes sales teams consisting of sales and technical professionals
who work with Chordiant's strategic partners to create organization-specific
proposals, presentations and demonstrations that address the specific needs of
each potential customer.

   Chordiant has sales offices in the greater metropolitan areas of Dallas,
Chicago and New York, and in Cupertino, California, London, England, Munich,
Germany and Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Technical sales consultants provide
pre-sales support to potential customers on product information and deployment
capabilities and complement the direct sales professionals. Chordiant plans to
significantly expand the size of its direct sales organization and to establish
additional sales offices domestically and internationally.

   Chordiant focuses its marketing efforts on educating potential customers,
generating new sales opportunities and creating awareness of Chordiant's
products. Chordiant conducts a variety of marketing programs to educate its
target market, including seminars, trade shows, press relations and industry
analyst programs.

   Chordiant's marketing organization serves an integral role in acquiring,
organizing and prioritizing customer and industry feedback to help provide
product direction to its development organization. Chordiant also has a
detailed product management process that surveys customers and identifies
market needs to help predict and prioritize future customer requirements.

Professional Services, Customer Support and Education Services

   Chordiant offers a broad range of customer services including professional
consulting services and product support and training services. Chordiant
believes that providing a high level of customer service is critical to
achieving rapid product implementation, customer success and continued revenues
growth.

 Professional Services

   Chordiant's professional services consulting teams assist their customers
and systems integrator partners in the design and implementation of products.
Chordiant's professional services organization deploys consultants as part of
the project team alongside systems integration partners and members of the
customer's internal team to provide technical knowledge, business engineering,
project guidance and quality assessments during the project. In the design
stage, Chordiant provides a variety of professional services that help
determine a customer's business objectives and the technical requirements of
the application implementation. In the implementation stage, Chordiant uses a
delivery methodology to assist customers and integration partners in planning
and managing the implementation. Systems integrators, supported by Chordiant's
consultants, manage the overall project and implement the product with a
customer's existing communications, applications, databases and transaction
systems. In the final phases of an implementation, the systems integrators
provide education and training to enable a customer's internal team to deploy
the new system, train internal users and assume control over ongoing support.

   Chordiant's methodology includes:

  . user requirements and needs analysis;

  . business engineering consultation;

  . architectural analysis and performance planning;

  . project management support services;

  . engineering support for development and deployment; and

  . technical support for software integration and communications
    integration.

   Consulting services provided by Chordiant in the fiscal year ended December
31, 1999 accounted for approximately 50% of Chordiant's total revenues and
support maintenance services provided by Chordiant in the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999 accounted for approximately 12% of Chordiant's total
revenues.

 Customer Support

   Chordiant's customers have a choice of support and maintenance options
depending on the level of service desired. Chordiant's technical support is
available to clients by telephone, over the Web and by e-mail. The company
maintains a technical support hotline staffed by engineers from 8:00 a.m. to
9:00 p.m., Eastern time, Monday through Friday, from its corporate headquarters
in Cupertino, California and local support during business hours for European
customers from London, England. An optional premium service is available

providing technical support 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Additionally,
Chordiant provides product enhancement releases to all customers as part of
their support and maintenance contract. Chordiant uses a customer service
automation system to track each customer inquiry until it is resolved.
Chordiant also makes use of its Website and a secured customer forum to
provide product information and technical support information worldwide 24
hours a day, seven days a week.

 Educational Services

   Chordiant provides educational services to train and enable its systems
integrators and customers to use Chordiant's products. Chordiant offers a
comprehensive series of training modules to provide the knowledge and skills
to successfully deploy, use and maintain the company's products. These
training courses focus on the technical aspects of Chordiant's products as
well as business issues and processes. A complete set of modules covering
business engineering, project management and development engineering are
available. Training courses can be provided on-site for a custom session at a
fee and are regularly scheduled through classroom and lab instruction at the
company's Cupertino, California corporate headquarters, and at its London,
England offices for European systems integrators and customers.

Product Development

   Chordiant has made substantial investments in research and development
through internal development and technology licensing. Chordiant's product
development efforts are focused on extending Chordiant's software
infrastructure, CRM business services and application functionality, self-
service and Web-based collaboration functionality, and continued integration
of key industry-specific transaction systems and services.

   Chordiant's product development resources are organized into a number of
development teams including:

  . system services and workflow development;

  . business services and application functionality and design;

  . tools and Internet development;

  . enterprise integration;

  . documentation; and

  . quality assurances.

   Chordiant's software and Internet applications teams have extensive
experience in object oriented development, data management, workflow
engineering, Java programming and Internet technologies. Chordiant's research
and development expenditures were $5.9 million in fiscal year 1998, $6.5
million in fiscal year 1999, and $14.6 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000.

Strategic Relationships

   To enhance the productivity of Chordiant's sales and service organizations,
Chordiant has established relationships with systems integrators,
complementary technology providers and alternative service providers.

 Systems integrators

   Chordiant has established relationships and trained professionals at a
number of systems integrators including: Accenture (formerly known as Andersen
Consulting); Computer Sciences Corporation; Electronic Data Systems
Corporation and Logica plc. Chordiant plans to expand these relationships to
increase its capacity to sell and implement its products. Chordiant has
trained a significant number of consultants in these organizations for the
implementation and support of its products. Chordiant believes that expanding
its relationships with systems integrators and independent consulting firms
will enable the company to gain a greater share of emerging markets more
rapidly.

 Complementary technology providers

   Chordiant designs products to be based on industry standards and
technologies, and to support a number of key software platforms. Chordiant has
relationships with:

  . IBM Software for IBM Visual Age and MQ series development tools and
    interface software and support;

  . Sun Microsystems for Java and Forte developments tools in support of
    Chordiant's enterprise data and transaction management services;

  . Oracle Corporation and Sybase, Inc., providers of industry-standard
    relational databases;

  . Cisco Systems, Inc., Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc. and
    Lucent Technologies, Inc., providers of telephony equipment and software
    interfaces; and

  . Ilog, Inc. a software provider of resource optimization and business
    rules technology.

Competition

   The market for Chordiant's products is new and rapidly evolving, and is
highly competitive. The competitive landscape is rapidly evolving to address
the convergence of e-business services and customer interaction applications.
To realize the potential of this convergence, companies must be able to offer
personalized marketing and sales and extend e-business services to all points
of customer contact. This must be done through an integrated system and
customer data model tailored by each company to meet its specific customer
requirements.

   Chordiant faces three main sources of competition:

  . custom-built solutions;

  . vendors with help desk, field service, call center or sales force
    automation products; and

  . vendors of enterprise resource planning products.

   There is no one competitor, nor is there a small number of competitors, that
are dominant in Chordiant's market.

 Custom-Built Solutions

   Existing enterprise systems supporting branch and call centers have
historically been custom built by professional services organizations or
internally developed. Custom development has the inherent limitation of being a
high cost alternative because it relies on building the entire solution from
scratch and the resulting configuration is difficult to upgrade to take
advantage of new requirements and channels of communication such as the
Internet. Chordiant expects that internal development will continue to be a
significant source of competition.

 Stand-Alone Solution Vendors

   Chordiant competes with providers of stand-alone solutions for Web based
customer relationship management, such as E.piphany, Inc. and Kana
Communications, Inc. Chordiant also competes against traditional client/server-
based, call center service customer and salesforce automation solutions, such
as Siebel Systems, Inc. Nortel Networks Corporation (including Clarify Inc.)
and Pegasystems Inc. Most point application providers started with a single
application focus, such as service, salesforce automation or help desks, and
then added additional software modules addressing other needs, such as e-mail,
field service or quality tracking. Although these vendors have started to
pursue the enterprise-wide opportunity of providing enterprise-wide solutions
and services to all points of customer contact, their lack of multi-channel
integration, real time data models for integration of multiple data sources and
lack of personalization capability and their client/server architecture are
limitations.

 Enterprise Application Vendors

   Chordiant anticipates competitive offerings and consolidation from several
major enterprise software developers, such as Oracle, PeopleSoft Inc., IBM and
SAP. Chordiant expects enterprise resource planning software vendors to acquire
and integrate point solutions as they approach different segments of the e-
business and customer relationship management markets.

 Other Potential Competitors

   The telephony market for equipment and software is in the midst of a major
transition from proprietary systems to open software applications running on
commodity hardware. Software acquisitions by traditional telephony vendors,
such as Lucent Technologies' purchase of Mosaix, Inc. and Nortel Networks'
purchase of Clarify are examples of the desire to move from hardware platforms
into software applications. Examples of companies providing middleware in
support of computer and telephony integration are Genesys Telecommunications
Laboratories and Geotel Communications Corporation, purchased by Cisco Systems.
Providers of client/server and mainframe call center systems include
Pegasystems for financial services and IMA and Quintus for outsourcers and call
centers. These companies have not historically provided enterprise level
software infrastructure and customer management applications but may in the
future.

   Chordiant believes that the principal competitive factors in the company's
market include:

  . the breadth and depth of solutions;

  . product quality and performance;

  . relationships with systems integrators;

  . the ability to implement solutions;

  . establishment of a significant base of reference customers;

  . the ability of products to operate with multiple software applications;

  . customer service; and

  . product price.

   Although Chordiant believes that its product competes favorably with these
factors, Chordiant's market is relatively new and is evolving rapidly.
Chordiant may not be able to maintain its competitive position against current
and potential competitors, especially those with significantly greater
financial and personnel resources.

Intellectual Property and Propriety Rights

   Chordiant's success is dependent upon its ability to develop and protect
proprietary technology and intellectual proprietary rights. Chordiant relies
primarily on a combination of contractual provisions, confidentiality
procedures, trade secrets, and copyright and trademark laws to accomplish these
goals.

   Chordiant licenses its product through non-exclusive license agreements that
impose restrictions on customers' ability to utilize the software. In addition,
Chordiant seeks to avoid disclosure of its trade secrets, including requiring
employees, customers and others with access to Chordiant's proprietary
information to execute confidentiality agreements with Chordiant and
restricting access to Chordiant's source code. Chordiant also seeks to protect
its rights in its products, documentation and other written materials under
trade secret and copyright laws. Due to rapid technological change, Chordiant
believes that factors such as the technological and creative skills of its
personnel, new product developments and enhancements to its existing products
are more important than the various legal protections of its technology to
establishing and maintaining a technology leadership position.

   Chordiant integrates third party software into its products. This third
party software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable
terms. In particular, Chordiant licenses Forte Tool and related Forte products
from Forte Software. If Chordiant cannot maintain licenses to the Forte
products or other key third party software, shipments of Chordiant's products
could be delayed until equivalent software is developed or licensed and
integrated into Chordiant's products. Moreover, although Chordiant is generally
indemnified against claims if technology licensed from third parties infringes
the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others, this
indemnification is not always available for all types of intellectual property
and proprietary rights and in some cases the scope of this indemnification is
limited. There can be no assurance that infringement or invalidity claims
arising from the incorporation of third-party technology or claims for
indemnification from Chordiant's customers resulting from these claims will not
be asserted or prosecuted against Chordiant. These claims, even if not
meritorious, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and
managerial resources in addition to potential product redevelopment costs and
delays.

   Despite Chordiant's efforts to protect its proprietary rights, existing laws
afford only limited protection. Attempts may be made to copy or reverse
engineer aspects of Chordiant's products or to obtain and use information that
Chordiant regards as proprietary. There can be no assurance that Chordiant will
be able to protect Chordiant's proprietary rights against unauthorized third
party copying or use. Use by others of Chordiant's proprietary rights could
materially harm Chordiant's business. Furthermore, policing the unauthorized
use of Chordiant's products is difficult and expensive litigation may be
necessary in the future to enforce Chordiant's intellectual property rights.

   It is also possible that third parties will claim that Chordiant has
infringed their current or future products. Chordiant expects that software
developers will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of
products in different industry segments overlap. Any claims, with or without
merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, prevent product
shipment, cause delays, or require Chordiant to enter into royalty or licensing
agreements, any of which could harm its business. Patent litigation in
particular has complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties. If an
infringement claim against the company was successful and it could not obtain a
license on acceptable terms, license a substitute technology or redesign to
avoid infringement, Chordiant's business would be harmed.

Employees

   As of December 31, 2000, Chordiant employed 250 full time employees. Of that
total, 84 were primarily engaged in product development, engineering or systems
engineering, 57 were engaged in sales and marketing, 78 were engaged in
professional services and 31 were engaged in operational, financial and
administrative functions.

   None of Chordiant's employees are represented by a labor union and Chordiant
has never experienced a work stoppage. Chordiant believes that its relations
with its employees are good.

Facilities

   Chordiant's headquarters are located in offices that are approximately
31,000 square feet in Cupertino, California pursuant to an office lease
expiring in July 2004. Chordiant also leases office space in New York, New
York; Mahwah, New Jersey; Irving, Texas; Chicago, Illinois; Manchester, New
Hampshire; London, England; Neu-Isenberg, Germany; Munich, Germany and
Amsterdam, the Netherlands.

Legal Proceedings

   Chordiant is not a party to any material legal proceedings. Chordiant may be
subject to various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of
business.

                           CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

   You should read the following selected financial data in conjunction with
the consolidated financial statements and related notes of Chordiant and
"Chordiant Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999 and the consolidated balance
sheet data as of December 31, 1998 and 1999 are derived from the audited
consolidated financial statements included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 1995 and 1996 and the balance sheet data as of
December 31, 1995, 1996 and 1997 are derived from audited consolidated
financial statements not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
The statement of operations data for the nine months ended September 30, 1999
and 2000 and the balance sheet data as of September 30, 2000 are derived from
the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and include all adjustments, consisting of only normal
recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statements of such information
when read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements
and related notes. The diluted net loss per share computation excludes
potential shares of common stock (preferred stock, options and warrants to
purchase common stock and common stock subject to repurchase rights that
Chordiant holds), since their effect would be antidilutive. See the notes to
Chordiant's consolidated financial statements for a detailed explanation of
the determination of the shares used to compute actual and pro forma basic and
diluted net loss per share. Chordiant's historical results are not necessarily
indicative of results to be expected for future periods.

                                                                         Nine Months Ended
                                  Year-Ended December 31,                  September 30,
                         ----------------------------------------------  ------------------
                          1995     1996      1997      1998      1999      1999      2000
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
                                                                            (unaudited)

Consolidated Statement
 of Operations Data:
Net revenues:
 License................ $    --  $    --  $  1,142  $  4,360  $  8,007  $  5,325  $ 10,690
 Service................   7,328    2,312     1,766     8,105     9,581     6,922    11,419
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
    Total net revenues..   7,328    2,312     2,908    12,465    17,588    12,247    22,109
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
Cost of net revenues:
 License................      --       --        73       425       397       218       444
 Service................   5,634    2,353     1,462     8,947    14,352     9,765    12,478
 Non-cash cost of
  revenues..............      --       --       129       127       692       198     1,920
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
    Total cost of net
     revenues...........   5,634    2,353     1,664     9,499    15,441    10,181    14,842
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
Gross profit (loss).....   1,694      (41)    1,244     2,966     2,147     2,066     7,267
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....     780    1,140     5,142    12,580    13,368     9,557    15,630
 Non-cash sales and
  marketing.............      --       --       125       122       739       212     1,401
 Research and
  development...........   2,741    4,598     6,240     5,858     6,494     4,790    10,391
 Non-cash research and
  development...........      --       --       158       155       846       242     1,920
 Purchased in-process
  research and
  development...........      --       --        --        --        --        --     4,234
 General and
  administrative........   1,019    1,860     1,416     2,046     2,668     1,912     4,068
 Non-cash general and
  administrative........      --        3        86        85       383       112       648
 Amortization of
  goodwill..............      --       --        --        --        --        --       353
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
    Total operating
     expenses...........   4,540    7,601    13,167    20,846    24,498    16,825    38,645
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
Loss from operations....  (2,846)  (7,642)  (11,923)  (17,880)  (22,351)  (14,759)  (31,378)
Interest expense........      --      (55)     (112)     (121)   (1,067)     (747)     (249)
Other income (expense),
 net....................     (44)     135       442       561       281        70     2,537
                         -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
Net loss................ $(2,890) $(7,562) $(11,593) $(17,440) $(23,137) $(15,436) $(29,090)
                         =======  =======  ========  ========  ========  ========  ========
Net loss per share:
 Basic and diluted...... $ (0.58) $ (1.51) $  (2.31) $  (3.44) $  (4.34) $  (2.93) $  (0.90)
                         =======  =======  ========  ========  ========  ========  ========
 Weighted average
  shares................   5,000    5,002     5,009     5,075     5,327     5,264    32,207
                         =======  =======  ========  ========  ========  ========  ========

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                                         As of
                                   As of December 31,                September 30,
                          -----------------------------------------  -------------
                           1995    1996    1997     1998     1999        2000
                          ------  ------  -------  -------  -------  -------------
                                                                      (unaudited)

Consolidated Balance
 Sheet Data:
Cash and cash
 equivalents............  $2,053  $2,678  $18,916  $ 1,713  $ 6,719     $53,985
Working capital
 (deficit)..............    (852) (1,368)   7,767  (10,162)   1,833      68,402
Total assets............   6,113   7,282   21,360   11,521   22,086     101,977
Short-term and long-term
 borrowings.............     483   1,045    1,268    1,687   13,225         902
Short-term and long-term
 deferred revenue.......   1,950   4,179   10,487    5,719   10,196      23,995
Mandatorily redeemable
 convertible preferred
 stock..................   2,014   9,047   28,949   28,949   51,609          --
Stockholders' equity
 (deficit)..............  (2,024) (9,586) (20,682) (37,604) (57,782)     68,980

     CHORDIANT MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
                           AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

   The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, relating to Chordiant's operations that
are based on its management's current expectations, estimates and projections
about the company and the e-commerce industry, including, without limitation,
forward-looking statements that are generally identified by words such as
"expects," "anticipates," "intends," "believe," "hopes," "assumes,"
"estimates," "projects," "plans," and other similar words and expressions.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Further,
Chordiant may make forward-looking statements that are based upon assumptions
as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Factors that might cause
such a difference include, among other things, those set forth under
"Overview," "Results of Operations," "Cost of Net Revenues," "Operating
Expenses," "Interest and other Income (Expense), and Interest Expense,"
"Provision for Income Taxes," "Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Risk
Factors" included in these sections and those appearing elsewhere in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially
from what is expressed or forecasted in these forward-looking statements.
Chordiant undertakes no obligation, and does not intend, to update or revise
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, or to reflect actual results or changes in factors or
assumptions affecting forward-looking statements. In evaluating Chordiant's
business, prospective investors should carefully consider the information set
forth in the section entitled "Risk Factors" set forth elsewhere in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. Chordiant cautions investors that its business and
financial performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties.

Overview

   Chordiant provides software that is designed for global consumer businesses
serving the needs of one-to-one relationships in industries such as banking,
financial services, insurance, telecommunications, travel and leisure, and
other markets with diverse sets of customers and products. Chordiant's products
are a suite of applications that enables companies to quickly access the right
information and apply a common set of business rules across multiple contact
channels to maximize customer retention and satisfaction. It applies
personalized business processes to business transactions in a consistent
manner, no matter where the interaction occurs. It allows companies to
implement a solution across a wide range of devices such as Internet Websites,
in-car concierge systems, wireless application protocol enabled devices that
support mobile Internet phones and PalmPilot devices, traditional call centers
and retail sites.

   Chordiant was incorporated in California in March 1991 and was
reincorporated in Delaware in October 1997. Before 1997, Chordiant was
primarily engaged in custom consulting services. Chordiant released the first
version of its product suite in September 1997. With the release of this
product suite, Chordiant accelerated the development of its sales and marketing
organizations.

   Chordiant derives revenues primarily from licenses of its software and from
related services, which include implementation, consulting, customization and
integration, post-contract customer support and training. Its products are
typically licensed directly to customers for a perpetual term, with pricing
based on the number of servers and the number of users.

   On contracts involving significant implementation or customization essential
to the functioning of its products, Chordiant recognizes license and service
revenues using the percentage-of-completion method using labor hours worked as
the measure of progress towards completion. Chordiant classifies revenues from
these arrangements as license and service revenues based upon the estimated
fair value of each element. Provisions for estimated contract losses are
recognized in the period in which the loss becomes probable and can be
reasonably estimated.

   On contracts not involving significant implementation or customization
essential to the functioning of its products, Chordiant recognizes license
revenues when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement for a fixed and
determinable fee that is probable of collection and when delivery has occurred.
For arrangements with multiple elements, Chordiant recognizes revenues for the
delivered elements based upon the residual contract value as prescribed by
Statement of Position No. 98-9, "Modification of SOP No. 97-2 with Respect to
Certain Transactions."

   In situations in which Chordiant is not responsible for implementation
services but is obligated to provide unspecified additional software products
in the future, Chordiant recognizes revenue as a subscription over the term of
the commitment period.

   Chordiant recognizes service revenues from consulting and training services
as these services are performed. It recognizes service revenues from post-
contract customer support ratably over the contractual support term, generally
one year.

   In the future, Chordiant expects to derive revenues from contracts that
provide for implementation services at a fixed hourly rate. On other contracts,
Chordiant expects to derive revenues from the licensing of the installed
product on a per transaction basis. In connection with these types of
arrangements, Chordiant will recognize the fair value of the implementation
services as the services are delivered and will recognize license fees on a
monthly basis at the contractual rate.

   Chordiant bills customers according to contract terms. Chordiant records as
deferred revenues amounts billed to customers in excess of revenues recognized.

   Service revenues as a percentage of total revenues were 52% for the nine
months ended September 30, 2000 and 57% for the nine months ended September 30,
1999, and 61%, 65% and 54 % for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1997, 1998,
and 1999 respectively. To help ensure the success of early product deployments
by customers, in early 1998 Chordiant began establishing a significant service
organization. The organization assists customers, and third parties such as
system integrators, in the design and implementation of Chordiant's products.
Since service revenues have a lower gross margin than license revenues, this
service activity resulted in reduced overall gross margins. Since the fourth
quarter of 1998, Chordiant engaged third parties to provide services to
customers, who then billed Chordiant for their services. As a result of using
third party resources, revenues from these contracts generated small gross
margins. As a result of expansion of its service organization and use of system
integrators that bill its customers directly for services, Chordiant believes
that its use of third party service providers will decline substantially in
future periods. Chordiant expects that service revenue will continue to
represent over 30% of total revenues.

   Chordiant sells its products through its direct sales force, and augments
its sales efforts through relationships with system integrators, application
service providers and technology vendors.

   Chordiant's revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 were
derived from customer accounts in the United States, United Kingdom, South
Africa, Germany, Canada and the Netherlands. For the fiscal years ended
December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999, revenues were derived from customer accounts
in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and the Netherlands. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2000, international revenues were $15.7 million, or
approximately 71%, of Chordiant's total net revenues. For the nine months ended
September 30, 1999, international revenues were $4.0 million, or approximately
33%, of its total net revenues. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 1997,
1998 and 1999, international revenues were $200,000, $9.7 million and $6.6
million, or approximately 1%, 78%, and 38% of Chordiant's total net revenues,
respectively. Chordiant believes international revenues will continue to
represent a significant portion of its total revenues in future periods.

   A small number of customers account for a significant portion of Chordiant's
total net revenues. As a result, the loss or delay of individual orders or
delays in the product implementations for a customer can have a

large impact on its revenues. For the nine months ended September 30, 2000,
revenues from Electronic Data Systems Corporation, Direct Line Group Services
Limited, Lloyds TSB and Barclays Mercantile accounted for approximately 32%,
20%, 14% and 11% of its total net revenues, respectively. For the nine months
ended September 30, 1999, revenues from Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation,
First USA and KLM Royal Dutch Airlines accounted for 29%, 22% and 13% of its
total net revenues, respectively. Chordiant expects that revenues from a small
number of customers will continue to account for a majority of its total net
revenues in the future as historical implementations are completed and replaced
with new projects from new and existing customers.

   Since its inception, Chordiant has incurred substantial research and
development costs and has invested heavily in the expansion of its product
development, sales, marketing and professional services organizations in order
to build an infrastructure to support its long-term growth strategy. The number
of Chordiant's fulltime employees increased from 77 at December 31, 1997, to
118 at December 31, 1998, to 144 at December 31, 1999, to 234 at September 30,
2000, representing increases of approximately 53%, 22% and 62%, respectively.
Chordiant anticipates that its operating expenses will continue to increase as
it expands its product development, sales and marketing and professional
services organization. Chordiant expects to incur net losses in the future.

   Chordiant believes that period-to-period comparisons of its operating
results are not meaningful and should not be relied upon as indicative of
future performance. Chordiant's prospects must be considered given the risks,
expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in early stages
of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving businesses.
There can be no assurance Chordiant will be successful in addressing these
risks and difficulties. In addition, although Chordiant has experienced revenue
growth recently, this trend may not continue. In addition, Chordiant may not
achieve or maintain profitability in the future.

Recent Events

   In 1998, Chordiant entered into a license for its products and related
service agreements with Chase Manhattan Mortgage Corporation. In 2000, Chase
alleged a breach of the agreements between the parties. At December 31, 1999,
Chordiant's outstanding receivable balance from Chase was $1.7 million. On
March 1, 2000, Chordiant agreed with Chase to terminate the existing agreements
between them, and Chase agreed to pay Chordiant the $1.7 million receivable
balance under the agreements as of December 31, 1999. The parties also entered
into a separate agreement whereby Chase transferred to Chordiant ownership of
certain technology and intellectual property developed by the parties under
their prior agreements. Chordiant intends to use this technology to add
additional functionality to its core products as well as develop and market a
credit and collections application for the financial services industry.
Chordiant agreed to pay Chase $3.5 million for the intellectual property rights
to the technology. Chase retains an option to purchase a license to the credit
and collections application when it is made commercially available by
Chordiant. Chase has also agreed to assist Chordiant by providing certain
consulting services in designing the application. This acquired technology was
still in development on March 1, 2000 so the entire $3.5 million paid by
Chordiant to Chase was expensed by Chordiant as in-process research and
development.

Results of Operations--Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 1999 and

   The following table sets forth, as a percentage of total net revenues,
consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated:

                                                                Nine Months
                                                                   Ended
                                                               September 30,
                                                               ---------------
                                                                1999     2000
                                                               ------   ------
                                                                (unaudited)

   As a Percentage of Total Net Revenues:
   Net revenues:
     License..................................................   43.0     49.0
     Service--third parties...................................   57.0     51.0
                                                               ------   ------
   Total net revenues.........................................  100.0    100.0
   Cost of net revenues:
     License..................................................    1.0      2.0
     Service..................................................   80.0     56.0
     Non-cash cost of net revenue.............................    2.0      9.0
                                                               ------   ------
   Total cost of net revenues.................................   83.0     67.0
                                                               ------   ------
   Gross profit...............................................   17.0     33.0
     Operating expenses:
     Sales and marketing......................................   78.0     71.0
     Non-cash sales and marketing.............................    2.0      6.0
     Research and development.................................      0     47.0
     Non-cash research and development........................    2.0      9.0
     Purchased in-process research and development............     --     19.0
     General and administrative...............................   16.0     18.0
     Non-cash general and administrative......................    1.0      3.0
   Amortization of goodwill...................................     --      2.0
                                                               ------   ------
   Total operating expenses...................................  138.0    175.0
                                                               ------   ------
   Loss from operations....................................... (121.0)  (142.0)
   Interest expense...........................................   (6.0)    (1.0)
   Other income (expense), net................................    1.0     11.0
                                                               ------   ------
   Net loss................................................... (126.0)% (132.0)%
                                                               ======   ======

Net Revenues

   License. License revenues consist of licenses of Chordiant's e-business
infrastructure software. License revenues increased from $5.3 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $10.7 million, or 100.8%, for the nine
months ended September 30, 2000. The revenue increase was primarily due to the
growth in the number of product implementations by new and existing customers
and higher average transaction size. Chordiant's average transaction size has
increased due to deployments by its customers to larger numbers of users.

   Service. Service revenues consist of consulting assistance and
implementation, customization and integration and post-contract customer
support and training. Service revenues increased from $6.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30,1999 to $11.4 million, or 65%, for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000. The revenue increase was primarily due to a
continuation in large customer implementations as well as maintenance, support
and consulting revenues associated with license agreements signed in earlier
periods.

Cost of Net Revenues

   License. Cost of net license revenues consists primarily of royalty payments
to third parties for technology incorporated into Chordiant's products. Cost of
net license revenues increased from $218,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 1999 to $444,000, or 103.6%, for the nine months ended September
30, 2000. The cost of net license revenues increase was primarily due to the
growth in the number of product implementations by new and existing customers
and higher average transaction size.

   Service. Cost of service revenues consist primarily of salaries, facility
costs and payments to third-party consultants incurred in providing customer
support, training and implementation services. Cost of net service revenues
increased from $9.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 to
$12.5 million, or 27.7%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2000. The
increase in absolute dollars was primarily due to increased staff to support a
higher number of product-related engagements. Chordiant expects that the cost
of net service revenues will continue to increase in dollar amounts as it
continues to expand its professional services organization to meet anticipated
customer demand.

Operating Expenses

   Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist of salaries,
commissions, field office expenses, travel and entertainment, promotional
expenses and allocated facility costs. Sales and marketing expenses increased
from $9.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $15.6
million, or 63.5%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2000. The increase
in these expenses were mainly attributable to increases of $4.2 million in
personnel expenses, $234,000 in allocated depreciation and overhead costs and
$1.6 million in marketing and advertising costs. Chordiant expects that sales
and marketing expenses will continue to increase in dollar amounts as it
continues to expand its sales and marketing efforts through the establishment
of additional United States and international sales offices and increased
promotional activities.

   Research and development. Research and development expenses include costs
associated with the development and enhancement of Chordiant's products,
quality assurance activities and allocated facility costs. These costs consist
primarily of employee salaries, benefits and the cost of consulting resources
that supplement its internal development team. Due to the relatively short time
between the date Chordiant's products achieve technological feasibility and the
date its products become generally available to customers, costs subject to
capitalization under SFAS No. 86 have been immaterial and have been expensed as
incurred. Research and development expenses increased from $4.8 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 1999 to $10.4 million, or 116.9%, for the nine
months ended September 30, 2000. The increase was mainly due to an increase of
$4.5 million in personnel related expenses and $1.1 million in allocated
depreciation and overhead costs. Chordiant anticipates that it will continue to
devote substantial resources to research and development and that these
expenses will continue to increase in dollar amounts.

   Purchased in-process research and development. In-process research and
development represents expenses related to the transfer of technology in an
acquisition accounted for as a purchase. Chordiant recorded a $4.2 million in-
process research and development expense during the nine months ended September
30, 2000. This increase was attributable to a one-time charge of $3.5 million
for purchased in-process research and development related to a technology and
intellectual property transfer agreement with Chase Manhattan Mortgage
Corporation. Additionally, in July 2000 Chordiant recorded a $734,000 in-
process research and development expense as a result of the purchase of White
Spider.

   The value of the purchase in-process technology was determined by estimating
the projected net cash flows related to the product, determined based upon
Chordiant's estimates of costs to complete the development of the technology
and the future revenue to be earned upon commercialization of the products. The
estimated stage of completion (expressed as a percentage of completion) for
each project was calculated and then was applied to the net cash flows for the
product. The cash flows were then discounted back to their net present value.

   The value attributed to in-process technology was charged to expense in the
period the acquisition was consummated. The write-off was necessary because the
acquired in-process technology has not yet reached technological feasibility
and has no future alternative uses. The product under development may not
achieve commercial viability. The nature of the efforts required to develop the
purchased in-process technology into a commercially viable product principally
relate to the completion of all planning, designing, prototyping, verification
and testing activities that are necessary to establish that the product can be
produced to meet its designed specifications, including functions, features and
technical performance requirements.

   General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist of
salaries for administrative, executive and finance personnel, recruiting costs,
information systems costs, professional service fees and allocated facility
costs. These expenses increased from $1.9 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 1999 to $4.1 million, or 112.7%, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000. The increase in these expenses was mainly attributable to
increases of $1.3 million in personnel related expenses, $624,000 in
professional service fees, $152,000 in communications expenses and $91,000 in
allocated depreciation and overhead costs in connection with the hiring of
additional personnel in finance, executive and information services and an
increase in outside contractor expenses associated with increased recruiting
efforts and expanded human resources programs. Chordiant believes that its
general and administrative expenses will continue to increase in dollar amounts
as a result of its growing operations and the additional expenses associated
with operating as a public company.

   Amortization of stock-based compensation. Amortization of stock-based
compensation includes the amortization of unearned employee stock-based
compensation and expenses for stock granted to consultants in exchange for
services. Employee stock-based compensation expense is amortized over a four-
year vesting schedule using the multiple option approach. In connection with
the grant of some employee stock options, Chordiant recorded aggregate unearned
stock-based compensation expenses of $640,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 1999 and $4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2000. Stock-based compensation included in operating expenses totaled $764,000
for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 and $5.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2000.

   Amortization of goodwill. Amortization of goodwill for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000 was $353,000. Chordiant recorded intangibles in the amount
of $5.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 due to the July
2000 purchase of White Spider. Intangible assets for the White Spider
acquisition are being amortized over a period of three years.

   Interest and Other Income (Expense), and Interest Expense. Interest and
other income (expense), net, and interest expense consists primarily of
interest income generated from its cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments, interest expense incurred in connection with outstanding
borrowings, foreign currency gains and losses and other non-operating income
and expenses. Interest expense decreased from $747,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999 to $249,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2000. The decrease is due primarily to decreased borrowings. Other income
(expense), net increased from $70,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
1999 to $2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000. The increase
is primarily attributable to increased interest income earned on Chordiant's
cash equivalents and short-term investments, which grew significantly following
the completion of its initial public offering in February 2000.

Results of Operations--Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 1997,
1998, and 1999

   The following table provides the percentage of Chordiant's total net
revenues represented by each for each of the fiscal years ended December 31,
1997, 1998 and 1999. This information has been derived from the consolidated
financial statements included in this joint prospectus/proxy.

                                    Year Ended
                                   December 31,
                               ------------------------
                                1997     1998     1999
                               ------   ------   ------

   As a Percentage of Total
    Net Revenues:
   Net revenues:
     License.................    39.0     35.0     46.0
     Service.................    61.0     65.0     54.0
                               ------   ------   ------
   Total net revenues........   100.0    100.0    100.0
                               ------   ------   ------
   Cost of net revenues:
     License.................     2.0      3.0      2.0
     Service.................    51.0     72.0     82.0
     Non-cash cost of
      revenue................     4.0      1.0      4.0
                               ------   ------   ------
   Total cost of net
    revenues.................    57.0     76.0     88.0
                               ------   ------   ------
   Gross profit..............    43.0     24.0     12.0
   Operating expenses:
     Sales and marketing.....   177.0    101.0     76.0
     Non-cash sales and
      marketing..............     4.0      1.0      4.0
     Research and
      development............   215.0     47.0     37.0
     Non-cash research and
      development............     5.0      1.0      5.0
     General and
      administrative.........    49.0     16.0     15.0
     Non-cash general and
      administrative.........     3.0      1.0      2.0
                               ------   ------   ------
   Total operating expenses..   453.0    167.0    139.0
                               ------   ------   ------
   Loss from operations......  (410.0)  (143.0)  (127.0)
   Interest expense..........    (4.0)    (1.0)     6.0
   Other income (expense),
    net......................    15.0      4.0      1.0
                               ------   ------   ------
   Net loss..................  (399.0)%  (14.0)% (132.0)%
                               ======   ======   ======

Net Revenues

   License. License revenues consist of licenses of Chordiant's e-business
infrastructure software. License revenues increased from $1.1 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 to $4.4 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1998 to $8.0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999
due to the growth in the number of product implementations by new customers and
higher average transaction size. Chordiant's average transaction size has
increased due to deployments by its customers to larger numbers of users.

   Service. Service revenues consist of consulting assistance and
implementation, customization and integration, and post-contract customer
support and training. Service revenues increased from $1.8 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 to $8.1 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1998 to $9.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.
The service revenue increase from the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 to
the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 was due to consulting work performed in
connection with several large customer implementations. The service revenue
increase in the fiscal year ended December, 31, 1999 was primarily due to a
continuation in large customer implementations as well as maintenance, support
and consulting revenues associated with license agreements signed in earlier
periods.

Cost of Net Revenues

   License. Cost of license revenues consist primarily of royalty payments to
third parties for technology incorporated into Chordiant's products. Chordiant
began paying royalties for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997.

   Service. Cost of service revenues consist primarily of salaries, facility
costs and payments to third-party consultants incurred in providing customer
support, training and implementation services. Cost of service revenue was $1.5
million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997, $8.9 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 and $14.4 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999. Chordiant's cost of service revenue increased significantly
in the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 as compared to the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1997 due to its use of a third party service provider to provide
implementation services to Chordiant's customers and its hiring of additional
service personnel. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, Chordiant
hired a number of additional service personnel in anticipation of supporting a
larger customer base in future periods. These increased investment efforts to
meet anticipated customer demand resulted in negative gross margins from
service revenues for the fiscal years ended December 31, 1998 and 1999.
Chordiant expects that the cost of services revenues will continue to increase
in dollar amount as it continues to expand its professional services
organization to meet anticipated customer demand.

Operating Expenses

   Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist of salaries,
commissions, field office expenses, travel and entertainment, promotional
expenses and facility costs. Sales and marketing expenses increased from $5.1
million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 to $12.6 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 to $13.4 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999. The increase of $7.5 million in these expenses for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 as compared to the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1997 was attributable to increases of $5.2 million in personnel
expenses, $1.7 million in allocated depreciation and overhead costs and
$600,000 in marketing and advertising costs. The increase of $788,000 in these
expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 as compared to the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1998 was attributable to a $1.4 million increase in
personnel expenses, offset by a decrease in $612,000 of advertising cost.
Chordiant expects that sales and marketing expenses will continue to increase
in dollar amount as it continues to expand its sales and marketing efforts,
establish additional United States and international sales offices and increase
promotional activities.

   Research and development. Research and development expenses include costs
associated with the development and enhancement of Chordiant's products,
quality assurance activities and allocated facility costs. These costs consist
primarily of employee salaries, benefits and the cost of consulting resources
that supplement Chordiant's internal development team. Due to the relatively
short time between the date Chordiant's products achieve technological
feasibility and the date its products become generally available to customers,
costs subject to capitalization under SFAS No. 86 have been immaterial and have
been expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses decreased from
$6.2 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 to $5.9 million for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998, and increased to $6.5 million for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1999. The decrease of $300,000 in these expenses
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 as compared to the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1997 was attributable to decreases in personnel related
expenses. The increase of $600,000 in these expenses for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1999 as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 was
attributable to an increase of $350,000 in personnel expenses and an increase
of $250,000 in general and administrative costs. Chordiant anticipates that it
will continue to devote substantial resources to research and development and
that these expenses will continue to increase in dollar amounts.

   General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist of
salaries for administrative, executive and finance personnel, recruiting costs,
information systems costs, professional service fees and allocated facility
costs. These expenses increased from $1.4 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1997 to $2.0 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998
to $2.7 million for the fiscal year ended

December 31, 1999. The increase of $600,000 in these expenses for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1998 as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31,
1997 was attributable to an increase of $100,000 in professional service fees
and an increase of $500,000 in facility costs due to the move of its corporate
offices to a larger facility in support of its growing business. The increase
of $700,000 in these expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999 as
compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 was attributable to
increases in personnel related expenses in connection with additional finance,
executive and information services and an increase in outside contractor
expenses associated with increased recruiting efforts and expanded human
resources programs. Chordiant believes that its general and administrative
expenses will continue to increase in dollar amounts as a result of its growing
operations and the additional expenses associated with operating as a public
company.

   Amortization of stock-based compensation. Amortization of stock-based
compensation includes the amortization of unearned employee stock-based
compensation and expenses for stock granted to consultants in exchange for
services. Employee stock-based compensation expense is amortized over a four-
year vesting schedule using the multiple option approach. In connection with
the grant of some employee stock options, Chordiant recorded an aggregate
unearned stock-based compensation expense of $11.3 million for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1999. Stock-based compensation included in operating
expenses totaled $498,000 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997, $489,000
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 and $2.7 million for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 1999.

   From January 1, 2000 through February 10, 2000, Chordiant granted stock
options to purchase an aggregate of 285,500 shares of common stock at a
weighted-average exercise price of $8.37 per share. In connection with the
grant of these stock options, Chordiant recognized unearned compensation
totaling $1,892,000 that will be amortized over the four year vesting period of
the stock options.

Interest and Other Income (Expense), and Interest Expense

   Interest and other income (expense), net, and interest expense consists of
interest income generated from Chordiant's cash, cash equivalents and short-
term investments, interest expense incurred in connection with outstanding
borrowings and other non-operating income and expenses. Interest and other
income (expense), net of interest expense increased from $330,000 for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 to $440,000 for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1998, and was $(786,000) for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999. The increase in these expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1998 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997 was attributable to
increased interest income. The losses for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999 compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998 was attributable to an
increase in borrowings, resulting in increased interest expense.

Provision for Income Taxes

   Chordiant has not generated taxable income since inception and, as a result,
no provision for income taxes was recorded during the periods presented. Its
deferred tax assets primarily consist of net operating loss carryforwards,
nondeductible allowances and research and development tax credits. Chordiant
has recorded a valuation allowance for the full amount of its net deferred tax
assets, as the future realization of the tax benefit is not considered by
management to be more-likely-than-not.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Since inception, Chordiant has financed its operations primarily through
private sales of common and preferred stock, with net proceeds totaling $51.6
million, through the sale of $10.0 million in convertible debentures, and
through the issuance of 4,925,000 shares of Chordiant common stock to the
public from which Chordiant raised approximately $80 million in net proceeds.

   Net cash used in operating activities was $3.1 million for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 1997, $14.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1998 and $27.6 million for the fiscal year ended

December 31, 1999. Net cash used in investing activities was $744,000 for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 1997, $3.1 million for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1998 and $1.9 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999.
Investing activities consist primarily of purchases of property and equipment
and net proceeds from transactions involving Chordiant's short-term
investments. Net cash generated from financing activities was $20.1 million for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997, $448,000 for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 1998 and $34.5 million for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999. Net cash generated from financing activities consisted primarily of net
proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock.

   For the nine months ended September 30, 2000, net cash used to fund
operating activities was $19.6 million. Investing activities consist primarily
of purchases of short-term investments and property and equipment. Net cash
generated from financing activities of $80 million was primarily attributable
to proceeds from the sale of equity securities, net of issuance costs. In
addition, Chordiant repaid its outstanding accounts receivable line of credit.
Chordiant's cash and cash equivalents increased by approximately $47.3 million.

   On August 2, 2000, Chordiant committed to new terms and conditions for a new
line of credit composed of two elements, an accounts receivable line and an
equipment line.

   Under the new terms and conditions, the total amount of the line of credit
is $11.5 million. At Chordiant's option, borrowings under the accounts
receivable line of credit will bear interest either at the lending bank's prime
rate or the LIBOR Option (1,2,3 or 6 month maturity) plus 2.50 basis points.
The accounts receivable line is limited to 80% of eligible accounts receivable.

   Borrowings under the equipment loan bear interest at the lending bank's
prime rate.

   Chordiant's assets secure borrowings under both lines of credit. The lines
of credit require Chordiant to maintain a minimum quick ratio of 2.50 to 1.00,
a tangible net worth of at least $25.0 million plus 60% of the proceeds of any
public stock offerings and subordinated debt issuance, and certain other
covenants. Under previous lines of credit, at September 30, 2000, Chordiant had
outstanding borrowings of $902,000.

   Chordiant expects to continue to experience growth in its operating
expenses. Chordiant anticipates that operating expenses and planned capital
expenditures will continue to be a material use of its cash resources. In
addition, Chordiant may utilize cash resources to fund acquisitions or
investments in other businesses, technologies or product lines. Chordiant
believes that available cash and cash equivalents and the net proceeds from the
sale of equity securities this year will be sufficient to meet its working
capital and operating expense requirements for at least the next 12 months.
After that period, Chordiant may require additional funds to support its
working capital and operating expense requirements or for other purposes and
may seek to raise these additional funds through public or private debt or
equity financings. There can be no assurance that this additional financing
will be available, or if available, will be on reasonable terms.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission, also known as the
SEC, issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, commonly referred to as SAB 101,
"Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements." SAB 101 summarizes the SEC's
view in applying U.S. generally accepted accounting principles to selected
revenue recognition issues. The application of the guidance in SAB 101 (as
amended by SAB 101A and SAB 101B) will be required in the fourth quarter of the
fiscal year 2000. The effects of applying this guidance, if any, will be
reported as a cumulative effect adjustment resulting from a change in
accounting principle. Chordiant does not anticipate that the implementation of
SAB 101 will have a material adverse impact on its financial statements.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Chordiant's Market Risk

   Chordiant is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes, foreign
currency fluctuations, and change in the market values of its investments.

   Chordiant's interest income is sensitive to changes in the general level of
U.S. interest rates, particularly since the majority of Chordiant's investments
are in short-term instruments. Due to the short-term nature of Chordiant's
investments, Chordiant believes that there is no material risk exposure.
Therefore, no quantitative tabular disclosures have been provided.

   Interest Rate Risk. Chordiant's exposure to market rate risk due to changes
in interest rates relates primarily to the company's investment portfolio.
Chordiant has not used derivative financial instruments in Chordiant's
investment portfolio. Chordiant invests Chordiant's excess cash in debt
instruments of the U.S. Government and its agencies, and in high-quality
corporate issuers and, by policy, limits the amount of credit exposure to any
one issuer. Chordiant protects and preserves Chordiant's invested funds by
limiting default, market and reinvestment risk.

   Investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning
instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may
have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest
rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if
interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, Chordiant's future
investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest
rates or Chordiant may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities
which have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates.

   Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk. International revenues denominated in
the local currency of each country where Chordiant does business accounted for
approximately 51% of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30,
2000. Chordiant's branches also incur most of their expenses in the local
currency.

   Chordiant utilizes foreign exchange contracts to hedge foreign currency
exposures of underlying assets and liabilities, primarily certain receivables
that are denominated in British Pounds, thereby limiting Chordiant's risk.
Gains and losses on foreign exchange contracts are reflected in the income
statement. Chordiant has entered into foreign exchange contracts, all with
maturities of less than nine months, to purchase and sell approximately $15.12
million in British Pounds.

   Fair value represents the difference in value of the contracts at the spot
rate and the forward rate. The counterparty to these contracts is a substantial
and creditworthy multinational commercial bank. The risks of counterparty
nonperformance associated with these contracts are considered to be not
material. Notwithstanding Chordiant's efforts to manage foreign exchange risks,
there can be no assurances that Chordiant's hedging activities will adequately
protect Chordiant against the risks associated with foreign currency
fluctuations.

   The table below provides information about Chordiant's foreign currency
forward exchange contracts at September 30, 2000. The information is provided
in U.S. dollar equivalents and presents the notional amount (forward amount),
the weighted average contractual foreign currency exchange rates and fair
value.

                                                    Weighted
                                      Contract      Average
                                       Amount     Contact Rate  Fair Value
                                   -------------- ------------ -------------
                                   (In thousands)              (In thousands)

   Foreign Currency to be sold
    under contract:
   British Pounds.................    $15,120        1.5119        $(505)
     Total........................    $15,120                      $(505)

   While the contract amounts provide one measurement of the volume of these
transactions, they do not represent the amount of Chordiant's exposure to
credit risk. The amounts (arising from the possible inabilities
of the counterparty to meet the terms of its contracts) are generally limited
to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparty's obligations exceed
Chordiant's obligations as these contracts can be settled on a net basis at
Chordiant's option. Chordiant controls credit risk through limits and
monitoring procedures.

   Chordiant's international business is subject to risks typical of an
international business, including, but not limited to differing economic
conditions, changes in political climate, differing tax structures, other
regulations and restrictions, and foreign exchange rate volatility.
Accordingly, Chordiant's future results could be materially adversely impacted
by changes in these or other factors.

                              CHORDIANT MANAGEMENT

Executive Officers and Directors

   Chordiant's officers and directors and key employees, the positions held by
them, and their ages as of December 31, 2000 are as follows:

   Name                     Age                    Position
   ----                     ---                    --------

   Samuel T. Spadafora.....  58 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
                                 Board

   Stephen Kelly...........  39 President and Chief Operating Officer

   Donald J. Morrison......  43 Executive Vice President, Business Development
                                 and Marketing

   Joseph F. Tumminaro.....  52 Chief Technology Officer and Director

   Cary G. Morgan..........  40 Acting Chief Financial Officer, Acting Chief
                                 Accounting Officer and Acting Secretary, Vice
                                 President and Controller

   Oliver D. Curme.........  46 Director

   Kathryn C. Gould........  50 Director

   Mitchell Kertzman.......  51 Director

   Robert S. McKinney......  59 Director

   William Raduchel........  54 Director

   Carol L. Realini........  46 Director

   David R. Springett......  55 Director

   Samuel T. Spadafora has served as chief executive officer and a director of
Chordiant since June 1998. From June 1998 until October 2000, he was also
Chordiant's president. In November 1999, Mr. Spadafora was elected as
Chordiant's chairman of the board of directors. From April 1994 to June 1998,
Mr. Spadafora served as vice president of worldwide field operations for the
microelectronic business of Sun Microsystems, a computer systems and networking
company. Mr. Spadafora holds a B.A. in marketing from Eastern Michigan
University.

   Stephen Kelly has served as Chordiant's president and chief operating
officer since October 2000. Between September 1998 and October 2000, he served
as Chordiant's senior vice president of Europe, Middle East and Africa
operations. From October 1997 to September 1998, Mr. Kelly served as
Chordiant's vice president of Europe, Middle East and Africa operations. From
1987 to 1998, Mr. Kelly worked in various sales, alliances and marketing roles
at Oracle's United Kingdom operations, most recently as director of Europe,
Middle East and Africa alliances and industry groups. Mr. Kelly received his
B.A. with honors in business administration and accounting from the University
of Bath, in England.

   Donald J. Morrison has served as Chordiant's executive vice president,
business development and marketing since September 2000. From January 1999
until September 2000, Mr. Morrison served as Chordiant's executive vice
president, worldwide sales and marketing. Mr. Morrison joined Chordiant as
executive vice president of marketing in June 1997. From March 1995 to June
1996, Mr. Morrison served as senior vice president of marketing and OEM sales
for Network Peripherals Inc., a high-speed networking company focused on fast
Internet products. From January 1994 to February 1995, Mr. Morrison served as
vice president of marketing at Strategic Mapping, Inc., an applications
software company. Mr. Morrison received his B.A. in business administration
from San Francisco State University and his masters degree in marketing
management from Golden Gate University.

   Joseph F. Tumminaro is a founder of Chordiant and has served as chief
technology officer and a director since Chordiant's inception in March 1991.
Mr. Tumminaro served as secretary of Chordiant from its inception until October
1999. From 1985 to 1990, Mr. Tumminaro served as president, vice president of
technology and a

director of J. Frank Consulting, the predecessor company to Chordiant. Mr.
Tumminaro received his B.A. from Southern Illinois University. Mr. Tumminaro
and Ms. Realini, also a director of Chordiant, are married to each other.

   Cary G. Morgan was appointed Chordiant's acting chief financial officer,
acting chief accounting officer and acting secretary on October 20, 2000. From
January 1997 to the present, Mr. Morgan has also acted as Chordiant's vice
president and controller. From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Morgan served as the general
accounting manager of Global Village Communications, a communications company.
From 1995 to 1996, Mr. Morgan served as acting chief financial officer of
Multipoint Networks, a wireless data communications company. Mr. Morgan
received his M.B.A. from the Monterey Institute of International Studies and
his B.A. in accounting from the University of Utah.

   Oliver D. Curme has been a director of Chordiant since July 1996. Mr. Curme
has served as a general partner of several entities associated with Battery
Ventures LP, a venture capital company, since 1988. Mr. Curme received his B.S.
from Brown University and his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

   Kathryn C. Gould has been a director of Chordiant since July 1996. She is a
manager for each of the general partners for Foundation Capital I, II, and III,
a family of venture capital limited partnerships, and has been a member of that
firm since December 1995. Since 1989, Ms. Gould has been a general partner of
Merrill, Pickard, Anderson & Eyre, a venture capital firm. Ms. Gould also
serves as a director of Eloquent, Inc., a Web-based business communications
solutions provider, and as a director of Interwoven, Inc., a software provider.
Ms. Gould received a B.Sc. in physics from the University of Toronto and an
M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.

   Mitchell Kertzman has been a director of Chordiant since February 1997. Mr.
Kertzman has served as president, chief executive officer and a director of
Liberate Technologies, a Internet access software company since November 1998.
Before joining Liberate, Mr. Kertzman was a member of the board of directors of
Sybase, Inc., a database company, from February 1995 until November 1998. He
has served as chairman of Sybase's board of directors since July 1997. Between
February 1998 and August 1998, he also served as co-chief executive officer of
Sybase. From July 1996 until February 1997 Mr. Kertzman served as chief
executive officer of Sybase, and from July 1996 until July 1997 he also served
as president of Sybase. Between February 1995 and July 1996, Mr. Kertzman
served as an executive vice president of Sybase. In February 1995, Sybase
merged with Powersoft Corporation, a provider of application development tools.
Mr. Kertzman had served as chief executive officer and a director of Powersoft
since he founded it in 1974. Mr. Kertzman has also served as a director of CNET
Networks, Inc., an Internet content company, since 1997 and as a director of
Handspring, Inc. since 2000.

   Robert S. McKinney has been a director of Chordiant since January 2000. Mr.
McKinney has served as president of Information Management Consulting, a
consulting firm, since September 1998 and is acting chief information officer
of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company's individual business and client
services business units. Mr. McKinney was chief information officer of Tenneco
Automotive Inc., an automotive parts manufacturing company, from March 1996 to
September 1998 and chief information officer of PaineWebber, an investment
banking firm, from February 1990 to February 1996. Mr. McKinney received a B.S.
in mechanical engineering from the U.S.M.M.S, Kings Point and a masters degree
in management and industrial engineering from Columbia University.

   William Raduchel, Ph.D. has been a director of Chordiant since August 1998.
Mr. Raduchel is currently the chief technology officer of AOL Time Warner,
Inc., an online service provider. Mr. Raduchel held various positions with Sun
Microsystems, a computer systems company, from 1989 to 1998, including chief
strategy officer from January 1998 to September 1999, vice president, corporate
planning and development and chief information officer from July 1991 to
January 1998 and chief financial officer. Mr. Raduchel received his B.A. from
Michigan State University and his A.M. and Ph.D. from Harvard University. He is
a director of MIH Limited and OpenTV, Inc. and two private companies.

   Carol L. Realini was a founder of Chordiant and has been a director since
Chordiant's inception in March 1991. She recently joined the board of Finestra
Software in Palo Alto, CA. Ms. Realini has served as president, chief executive
officer and chairman of XO Family, Inc. from November 1999 through November
2000. From May 1997 to November 1999, she served as Chordiant's chairman. From
May 1997 until June 1998, Ms. Realini served as Chordiant's president and chief
executive officer. From January 1990 until May 1997, Ms. Realini served as
president, chief executive officer and chairman of J. Frank Consulting, Inc., a
consulting services firm and the predecessor company to Chordiant. From June
1988 to January 1990, Ms. Realini served as vice president of sales and
marketing of Legato Systems, Inc. Ms. Realini received her B.A. with honors in
mathematics from University of California, Santa Cruz and her masters degree
from California State University, San Jose. Ms. Realini and Mr. Tumminaro,
Chordiant's chief technology officer and also a director, are married to each
other.

   David R. Springett, Ph.D. has been a director of Chordiant since January
2000. Dr. Springett has served as president of the Community College
Foundation, an educational foundation since February 1994. Dr. Springett was
also president of Strategic Marketing Associates, a marketing company from
January 1992 to January 1994 and held various positions with Xerox Corporation,
a photocopy and computer equipment company, from May 1963 to May 1991,
including vice-president, strategic marketing and director, European marketing.
He is a member of the board of directors of the California Vehicle Foundation
and the California State Commission on Welfare Reform and Training. Dr.
Springett has received degrees from the Royal Military College of Canada, the
University of Toronto, Queen's University and Harvard University.

Board Committees

   The board of directors has established an audit committee and a compensation
committee. The audit committee makes recommendations to the board of directors
about the selection of independent auditors, reviews the scope and results of
the audit and other services provided by Chordiant's independent auditors and
reviews and evaluates Chordiant's audit and control functions. The compensation
committee makes recommendations about Chordiant's equity incentive plans and
salaries and incentive compensation for Chordiant's employees and consultants.

   The members of the audit and compensation committees are described below:

                   Audit                                       Compensation
                   -----                                       ------------

              Oliver D. Curme                                Kathryn C. Gould
              William Raduchel                               Mitchell Kertzman
             David R. Springett

Director Compensation

   Directors currently receive no compensation from Chordiant for their
services as members of the board or for attendance at committee meetings.

   According to Chordiant's 1999 non-employee directors' stock option plan,
each non-employee director was granted an option to purchase up to 25,000
shares of Chordiant's common stock on the effective date of the February 14,
2000 initial public offering, if a director on the effective date, or on a
director's election or appointment to the board, if later. Directors will be
granted an option to purchase up to 7,500 shares of Chordiant's common stock on
the day after each annual meeting of stockholders held after the effective date
Chordiant's initial public offering. Also, directors who serve as committee
members will be granted an option to purchase up to 5,000 shares of Chordiant's
common stock on the day after each annual meeting of stockholders. The exercise
price of each option will be the fair market value of a share of Chordiant's
common stock on the date of grant of the option.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

   None of Chordiant's executive officers serve as a member of the board of
directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
executive officers serving as a member of Chordiant's board of directors or
compensation committee. For a further description of interlocking transactions,
see "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions of Chordiant."

Board Composition

   Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes
nine directors, with the terms of office of the board of directors divided into
three classes. As a result, a portion of Chordiant's board of directors is
elected each year. The division of the three classes, their election dates and
the directors in each class are as follows:

        Class of
        director              Date of election              Directors in class
        --------              ----------------              ------------------

           I     First annual meeting of stockholders.....  Oliver D. Curme
                                                            Kathryn C. Gould
                                                            Carol L. Realini

           II    Second annual meeting of stockholders....  Samuel T. Spadafora
                                                            Joseph F. Tumminaro
                                                            David R. Springett

          III    Third annual meeting of stockholders.....  Mitchell Kertzman
                                                            William Raduchel
                                                            Robert S. McKinney

   At each annual meeting of stockholders after the initial classification, the
successors to directors whose terms will then expire will be elected to serve
from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting
following election. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in
the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as
nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. This
classification of the board of directors may have the effect of delaying or
preventing changes in control or management of Chordiant.

Executive Compensation

   The following table provides information concerning compensation for
services performed during the last three completed fiscal years by Chordiant's
chief executive officer and its most highly compensated executive officers
whose salary and bonus for the last year exceeded $100,000. As required by the
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the compensation described in
the table excludes medical, group life insurance or other benefits that are
available generally to all salaried employees of Chordiant and other
perquisites and personal benefits received that do not exceed the lesser of
$50,000 or 10% of any officer's salary and bonus disclosed in this table. None
of the officers named below had received from Chordiant any other annual
compensation, were granted any restricted stock award, long term incentive plan
payout or received any other compensation other than as set forth below.

          Summary Compensation Table for Chordiant Executive Officers

                                                     Long-term
                                                    Compensation
                                                       Awards
                                                    ------------
                                     Annual
                                  Compensation
                                 ---------------     Securities
    Name and Principal           Salary   Bonus      Underlying     All Other
         Position           Year   ($)     ($)      Options (#)  Compensation($)
    ------------------      ---- ------- -------    ------------ ---------------

Samuel T. Spadafora.......  2000 291,667 312,500            --        1,750(8)
 Chairman of the Board and  1999 250,000 312,500            --        1,500(8)
 Chief Executive Officer    1998 145,833  46,966     1,809,525           --

Stephen Kelly.............  2000 184,888 619,948(1)    100,000           --
 President and Chief
  Operating Officer         1999 172,926 267,016(2)    150,000           --
                            1998 112,660 155,164(3)     75,000           --

Donald J. Morrison........  2000 207,500 174,123(4)     75,000        1,578(8)
 Executive Vice President,
  Business                  1999 190,836 122,645(5)     87,500        1,500(8)
 Development and Marketing  1998 169,166  53,214(6)    257,859        1,500(8)

Joseph F. Tumminaro.......  2000 174,167 125,375            --        4,831(8)
 Chief Technology Officer   1999 162,083  51,077            --        1,500(8)
                            1998 160,000  38,452         9,358        1,500(8)

Cary G. Morgan............  2000 134,494  75,241        37,500        3,741(8)
 Acting Chief Financial
  Officer, Acting Chief     1999 109,298  20,499        34,507        1,500(8)
 Acting Secretary, Vice
  President and             1998  97,552   9,146        27,500        1,500(8)
 Accounting
  Officer,Controller

Steven R. Springsteel(7)..  2000 174,060 150,828            --           --
 Former Chief Financial
  Officer (resigned)        1999 183,912  93,672       100,000           --
                            1998 155,400  19,425       232,946           --

- --------
(1) Includes commissions of $604,778.

(2) Includes commissions of $251,285.

(3) Includes commissions of $155,164.

(4) Includes commissions of $75,685.

(5) Includes commissions of $50,658.

(6) Includes commissions of $51,607.

(7) In October 2000, Mr. Springsteel resigned as our executive vice president
    of finance and chief financial officer and is no longer an officer of
    Chordiant.

(8) Consists of 401(k) matching contributions paid by Chordiant.

Employment Agreements

   On April 24, 1998, Chordiant entered into an employment agreement with Mr.
Spadafora. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Spadafora is entitled to
receive an annual base salary of $250,000 and is eligible to receive an annual
incentive bonus of $200,000. Mr. Spadafora received a $100,000 hiring bonus
upon signing the agreement. Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement,
Mr. Spadafora also received options to purchase 1,809,650 shares of Chordiant
common stock. In the event of a "Change in Control" of Chordiant, which is
defined as a sale of substantially all of the assets of Chordiant, a merger in
which Chordiant is not the surviving corporation or the transfer of more than
50% of the voting interests of Chordiant, Mr. Spadafora will immediately vest
in 50% of his then unvested shares. The agreement also provides that Mr.
Spadafora's employment may be terminated by either Mr. Spadafora or Chordiant
at any time. If Mr. Spadafora's employment is terminated without cause, Mr.
Spadafora is entitled to receive 12 months of base salary and he will
automatically vest in 50% of his then unvested shares.

   Effective as of January 5, 2001, Chordiant entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Kelly. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Kelly is
entitled to receive an annual base salary of $300,000 and is eligible to
receive quarterly bonuses of $50,000 per quarter and an additional bonus of up
to 20% of his salary. Mr. Kelly also receives reimbursements for nanny expenses
of up to $30,000 per year and reimbursements for a home rental of up to $4,000
per month. Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Kelly also
received options to purchase 800,000 shares of Chordiant common stock. In the
event of a "Change in Control" of Chordiant, which is defined as a sale of
substantially all the assets of Chordiant, a merger in which Chordiant is not
the surviving corporation or the transfer of more than 50% of the voting
interests of Chordiant, Mr. Kelly will immediately vest in 50% of his then
unvested shares. The agreement also provides that Mr. Kelly's employment may be
terminated by Chordiant or Mr. Kelly at any time. If Mr. Kelly's employment is
terminated without cause, Mr. Kelly is entitled to receive 12 months of base
salary and he will immediately vest in 50% of his then unvested shares.

Option Grants in Fiscal Year 2000

   The following table lists each grant of stock options during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000, to each of the individuals named below.

   The exercise price of each option was equal to the fair market value of
Chordiant's common stock as valued by the board of directors on the date of
grant. The exercise price may be paid in cash, in shares of Chordiant's common
stock valued at fair market value on the exercise date or through a cashless
exercise procedure involving a same day sale of the purchased shares.

   The potential realizable value is calculated based on the ten-year term of
the option at the time of grant. Stock price appreciation of 5% and 10% is
assumed as prescribed by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and does not represent Chordiant's prediction of Chordiant's stock price
performance.

   The shares listed in the following table under, "Number of Securities
Underlying Options Granted" vest in a series of equal monthly installments over
the four years following the vesting start date. Chordiant's stock option plans
allow for the early exercise of options granted to employees. All options
exercised early are subject to repurchase by Chordiant at the original exercise
price upon the option holder's cessation of service before the vesting of such
holder's shares. Each of the options has a ten-year term, subject to earlier
termination if the option holder's service with Chordiant ceases. See
"Chordiant Management--Employee Stock Plans" for a description of other terms
of these options.

   Percentages shown under "Percentage of Total Options Granted to Employees in
Fiscal Year" are based on an aggregate of 4,360,234 options granted to
Chordiant's employees under Chordiant's equity incentive plans during the
period from January 1, 2000 through December 31, 2000.

                                      Individual Grants
                         ---------------------------------------------
                                                                           Potential
                                                                       Realizable Value
                                                                       at Assumed Annual
                         Number of                                      Rates of Stock
                         Securities Percentage of                            Price
                         Underlying Total Options                      appreciation for
                          Options    Granted to   Exercise                Option Term
                          Granted   Employees In    Price   Expiration -----------------
          Name              (#)      Fiscal Year  ($/Share)    Date    5% ($)   10% ($)
          ----           ---------- ------------- --------  ---------- ------- ---------

Samuel T. Spadafora.....       --         --           --          --       --        --

Stephen Kelly...........   50,000        1.1         6.25    05/02/10  509,030   810,545
                           50,000        1.1       10.313    06/23/10  839,940 1,337,463

Donald J. Morrison......   75,000        1.7        6.375    10/18/10  778,815 1,240,133

Joseph F. Tumminaro.....       --         --           --          --       --        --

Cary G. Morgan..........   15,000        0.3         6.25    05/02/10  152,709   243,163
                           22,500        0.5        6.375    06/23/10  233,645   372,040

Steven Springsteel......       --         --           --          --       --        --

Aggregated Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year

   The following table provides the number of shares acquired on exercise and
the number and value of securities underlying unexercised options that are held
by each of the individuals named below as of December 31, 2000.

                                                         Number of
                                                         Securities
                                                         Underlying
                                                        Unexercised
                                                         Options at      Value of Unexercised
                                                       Fiscal Year End  In-the-Money Options at
                              Shares                         (#)          Fiscal Year End ($)
                            Acquired on     Value     ---------------- -------------------------
   Name                     Exercise (#) Realized ($) Vested  Unvested Exercisable Unexercisable
   ----                     -----------  ------------ ------- -------- ----------- -------------

   Samuel T. Spadafora.....   678,750     5,629,068   785,125 301,275   3,225,522        --

   Stephen Kelly...........   138,541       201,770    62,499 248,960     330,922        --

   Donald J. Morrison......   244,687       905,344   207,596 230,576     929,808        --

   Joseph F. Tumminaro.....        --            --    26,027      --      77,274        --

   Cary G. Morgan..........        --            --    45,656  65,629     144,843        --

   Steven Springsteel......   388,340     1,498,989     8,333      --      12,372        --

Employee Stock Plans

 1999 Equity Incentive Plan

   Chordiant's board adopted its 1999 equity incentive plan on November 30,
1999. Chordiant's stockholders approved the plan on December 31, 1999. The
incentive plan is an amendment and restatement of Chordiant's 1997 equity
incentive plan.

   Administration. The board administers the incentive plan unless it delegates
administration to a committee. The board or this committee has the authority to
construe, interpret and amend the incentive plan and determine:

  . the grant recipients;

  . the grant dates;

  . the number of shares subject to the award;

  . the exercisability and vesting of the award;

  . the exercise price;

  . the type of consideration; and

  . the other terms of the award.

   Share Reserve. Chordiant has reserved a total of 13,106,484 shares of its
common stock for issuance under the incentive plan. On October 1 of each year
for 10 years, starting on October 1, 2000, the share reserve will automatically
be increased by a number of shares equal to the greater of:

  . 5% of Chordiant's outstanding shares on a fully-diluted basis; or

  . that number of shares subject to stock awards made under the incentive
    plan during the prior 12-month period.

   However, the automatic increase is subject to reduction by the board, and no
more than 20 million shares of the share reserve, as increased, may be used for
incentive stock options. If the recipient of a stock award does not purchase
the shares subject to the stock award before the stock award expires or
terminates, the shares that are not purchased again become available for
issuance under the incentive plan.

   Eligibility. The board may grant incentive stock options that qualify under
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code to Chordiant's employees. The board
may also grant nonstatutory stock options, stock bonuses and restricted stock
purchase awards to Chordiant's employees, directors and consultants.

  . A stock option is a contractual right to purchase a specified number of
    Chordiant's shares at a specified price, called the exercise price, for a
    specified period of time.

  . An incentive stock option is a stock option that has met the requirements
    of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. This type of option is free
    from regular tax at both the date of grant and the date of exercise.
    However, the difference between the fair market value on date of exercise
    and the exercise price is an item of alternative minimum tax unless there
    is a disqualifying disposition in the year of exercise. If two holding
    period tests are met--two years between grant date and sale date and one
    year between exercise date and sale date--all profit on the sale of
    Chordiant's shares acquired by exercising the incentive stock option is
    long-term capital gain income. However, if either of the holding periods
    is not met, there has been a disqualifying disposition, and a portion of
    any profit will be taxed at ordinary income rates.

  . A nonstatutory stock option is a stock option that has not met the
    Internal Revenue Code criteria for qualifying incentive stock options
    and, therefore, triggering a tax upon exercise. This type of option
    requires payment of state and federal income tax and, if applicable,
    other taxes on the difference between the exercise price and the fair
    market value on the exercise date.

  . A restricted stock purchase award is Chordiant's offer to sell its shares
    at a price either at or near the fair market value of the shares. A stock
    bonus is a grant of Chordiant's shares at no cost to the recipient in
    consideration for past services performed.

   The board may not grant an incentive stock option to any person who, at the
time of the grant, owns or is deemed to own stock possessing more than 10% of
Chordiant's total combined voting power or the total combined voting power of
an affiliate of Chordiant, unless the exercise price is at least 110% of the
fair market value of the stock on the grant date and the option term is five
years or less.

   Limits on Option Grants. There are limits on the number of shares that the
board may grant under an option.

  . Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code denies a deduction to
    publicly held corporations for compensation paid to the chief executive
    officer and the four highest compensated officers in a taxable year to
    the extent that the compensation for each the officer exceeds $1,000,000.
    When Chordiant

   becomes subject to Section 162(m), to prevent options granted under the
   incentive plan from being included in compensation, the board may not
   grant options under the incentive plan to an employee covering an
   aggregate of more than 5 million shares in any calendar year.

  . In addition, an employee may not receive incentive stock options that
    exceed the $100,000 per year limitation provided in Section 422(d) of the
    Internal Revenue Code. In calculating the $100,000 per year limitation,
    Chordiant determines the aggregate number of shares under all incentive
    stock options granted to that employee that will become exercisable for
    the first time during a calendar year. For this purpose, Chordiant
    includes incentive stock options granted under the incentive plan as well
    as under any other stock plans that Chordiant maintains. Chordiant then
    determines the aggregate fair market value of the stock as of the grant
    date of the option. Taking the options into account in the order in which
    they were granted, Chordiant treats only the options covering the first
    $100,000 worth of stock as incentive stock options. Chordiant treats any
    options covering stock in excess of $100,000 as nonstatutory stock
    options.

   Option Terms. The board may grant incentive stock options with an exercise
price of 100% or more of the fair market value of a share of Chordiant's common
stock on the grant date. It may grant nonstatutory stock options at a discount.
If the value of Chordiant's shares declines after the date of grant, the board
may offer option holders the opportunity to replace their outstanding higher-
priced options with new lower-priced options. To the extent required by Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the repriced option is considered to be
canceled and a new option granted, but both options will be counted against the
Section 162(m) limit discussed above.

   The maximum option term is 10 years. The board may provide for exercise
periods of any length in individual option grants. However, generally an option
terminates three months after the option holder's service to Chordiant
terminates. If this termination is due to the option holder's disability, the
exercise period generally is extended to 12 months. If this termination is due
to the option holder's death or if the option holder dies within three months
after the option holder's service terminates, the exercise period generally is
extended to 18 months following the option holder's death.

   The board may provide for the transferability of nonstatutory stock options
but not incentive stock options. However, the option holder may designate a
beneficiary to exercise either type of option following the option holder's
death. If the option holder does not designate a beneficiary, the option
holder's option rights will pass by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution.

   Terms of Other Stock Awards. The board determines the purchase price of
other stock awards. However, the board may award stock bonuses in consideration
of past services without a purchase payment. Shares that Chordiant sells or
awards under the incentive plan may, but need not be, restricted and subject to
a repurchase option in Chordiant's favor based on with a vesting schedule that
the board determines. The board, however, may accelerate the vesting of the
restricted stock.

   Other Provisions. Transactions not involving Chordiant's receipt of
consideration, including a merger, consolidation, reorganization, stock
dividend, and stock split, may change the class and number of shares subject to
the incentive plan and to outstanding awards. In that event, the board will
appropriately adjust the incentive plan for the class and the maximum number of
shares subject to the incentive plan, to the cap on the number of shares
available for incentive stock options, and to the Section 162(m) limit. It also
will adjust outstanding awards for the class, number of shares and price per
share subject to the awards.

   If a change in control happens, the surviving entity may either assume or
replace outstanding awards under the incentive plan. If this does not occur,
then generally the vesting and exercisability of the awards will accelerate,
and unexercised awards will terminate immediately before the event. A change in
control includes the following:

  . a dissolution, liquidation or sale of all or substantially all of
    Chordiant's assets;

  . a merger or consolidation in which Chordiant is not the surviving
    corporation;

  . a reverse merger in which Chordiant is the surviving corporation but the
    shares of Chordiant's common stock outstanding immediately preceding the
    merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property; and

  . generally the acquisition by any person, entity or group of the
    beneficial ownership of Chordiant's securities representing at least 50%
    of the combined voting power permitted to vote in the election of
    directors.

   If there is a change in control, other than a merger or consolidation for
the purpose of a change in domicile, then for options held by persons then
performing services as an employee or director of, or consultant to,
Chordiant, the vesting of the option will be accelerated by one year.

   Stock Awards Granted. As of December 31, 2000, Chordiant had issued:

  . 3,621,124 shares upon the exercise of options under the incentive plan;

  . options to purchase 7,874,776 shares at a weighted average exercise price
    of $4.67 per share were outstanding; and

  . 1,613,343 shares remained available for future grant.

   As of December 31, 2000, the Chordiant board had not granted any stock
bonuses or restricted stock under the incentive plan.

   Plan Termination. The incentive plan will terminate in 2009 unless the
Chordiant board terminates it sooner.

 1999 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Option Plan.

   Chordiant's board adopted the 1999 non-employee directors' stock option
plan on November 30, 1999. Chordiant's stockholders approved the plan on
December 31, 1999. The directors' plan provides for the automatic grant to
Chordiant's non-employee directors of options to purchase shares of
Chordiant's common stock.

   Share Reserve. Chordiant has reserved a total of 700,000 shares of
Chordiant's common stock for issuance under the directors' plan. On October 1
of each year for 10 years, starting on October 1, 2000, the share reserve will
automatically be increased by a number of shares equal to the greater of:

  . 0.5% of Chordiant's outstanding shares on a fully-diluted basis, or

  . that number of shares subject to options granted under the directors'
    plan during the prior 12-month period.

   However, the automatic increase is subject to reduction by the Chordiant
board. If an option holder does not purchase the shares subject to their
option before the option expires or terminates, the shares that are not
purchased again become available for issuance under the directors' plan.

   Administration. The Chordiant board administers the directors' plan. The
board has the authority to construe, interpret and amend the directors' plan
but the directors' plan specifies the essential terms of the options,
including:

  . the option recipients;

  . the grant dates;

  . the number of shares subject to the option;

  . the exercisability and vesting of the option;

  . the exercise price; and

  . the type of consideration.

   Eligibility. Chordiant will automatically issue options to Chordiant's non-
employee directors under the directors' plan as follows:

  . Each person who was a non-employee director on February 14, 2000, the
    effective date of the initial public offering, or who is first elected or
    appointed after this date as a non-employee director will automatically
    receive an initial option for 25,000 shares. The initial option is
    exercisable immediately but will vest at the rate of 25% of the shares on
    the first anniversary of the grant date and monthly over the next three
    years.

  . In addition, on the day after each of Chordiant's annual meetings of the
    stockholders, starting with the annual meeting in 2001, each non-employee
    director will automatically receive an annual option for 7,500 shares.
    The annual option is exercisable immediately but will vest monthly over
    the next year. If the non-employee director is appointed to the board
    after the annual meeting of Chordiant stockholders, the annual option
    will be adjusted based on the time actually served by the director.

  . Finally, on the day after each of Chordiant's annual meetings of the
    stockholders, starting with the annual meeting in 2001, each non-employee
    director who is serving on a board committee will automatically receive a
    committee option for 5,000 shares. The committee option is exercisable
    immediately but will vest monthly over the next year. If the non-employee
    director is appointed to the committee after the annual meeting, the
    committee option will be pro rated.

   As long as the option holder continues to serve with Chordiant, whether in
the capacity of a director, an employee or a consultant, the option will
continue to vest and be exercisable during its term. When the option holder's
service terminates, Chordiant will have the right to repurchase any unvested
shares at the original exercise price, without interest.

   Option Terms. Options have an exercise price equal to 100% of the fair
market value of Chordiant's common stock on the grant date. The option term is
10 years but it terminates three months after the option holder's service
terminates. If this termination is due to the option holder's disability, the
post-termination exercise period is extended to 12 months. If this termination
is due to the option holder's death or if the option holder dies within three
months after their service terminates, the post-termination exercise period is
extended to 18 months following death.

   The option holder may transfer the option by gift to immediate family or for
estate planning purposes. The option holder also may designate a beneficiary to
exercise the option following the option holder's death. Alternatively, the
option exercise rights will pass by the option holder's will or by the laws of
descent and distribution.

   Other Provisions. Transactions not involving Chordiant's receipt of
consideration, including a merger, consolidation, reorganization, stock
dividend, and stock split, may change the class and number of shares subject to
the directors' plan and to outstanding options. In that event, the Chordiant
board will appropriately adjust the directors' plan for the class and the
maximum number of shares subject to the directors' plan and to the automatic
option grants. It also will adjust outstanding options for the class, number of
shares and price per share subject to the options.

   If a change in control happens, the surviving entity may either assume or
replace outstanding options under the directors' plan. If this does not occur,
then generally the vesting of the options will accelerate, and unexercised
options will terminate immediately before the event. A change in control
includes the following:

  . a dissolution, liquidation or sale of all or substantially all of
    Chordiant's assets;

  . a merger or consolidation in which Chordiant is not the surviving
    corporation;

  . a reverse merger in which Chordiant is the surviving corporation but the
    shares of Chordiant's common stock outstanding immediately preceding the
    merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property; and

  . generally the acquisition by any person, entity or group of the
    beneficial ownership of Chordiant's securities representing at least 50%
    of the combined voting power permitted to vote in the election of
    directors.

   If there is a change in control, other than a merger or consolidation for
the purpose of a change in domicile, then for options held by persons then
performing services as an employee or director of, or consultant to, Chordiant,
the vesting of the option will be accelerated by one year.

   Options Issued. Chordiant has issued 175,000 options under the directors'
plan.

   Plan Termination. The directors' plan has no set termination date.

 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   Chordiant's board adopted the 1999 employee stock purchase plan on November
30, 1999. Chordiant's stockholders approved the plan on December 31, 1999.

   Administration. The Chordiant board administers the purchase plan unless it
delegates administration to a committee. The board or this committee has the
authority to construe, interpret and amend the purchase plan and determine the
terms of rights granted under the purchase plan.

   Share Reserve. Chordiant reserved 2,000,000 shares of Chordiant's common
stock for issuance to eligible employees with purchase rights under the
purchase plan. On October 1 of each year for 10 years, starting on October 1,
2000, the share reserve will automatically be increased by a number of shares
equal to the greater of:

  . 2% of Chordiant's outstanding shares on a fully-diluted basis; or

  . that number of shares issued under the purchase plan during the prior 12-
    month period.

   However, the automatic increase is subject to reduction by the board, and no
more than 13,000,000 shares of the share reserve, as increased, may be used
under the purchase plan.

   Eligibility. The purchase plan is intended to qualify as an employee stock
purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code.
The purchase plan provides a means by which eligible employees may purchase
Chordiant's common stock through payroll deductions. Chordiant implements the
purchase plan by offerings of purchase rights to eligible employees. Generally,
all of Chordiant's full-time employees in the United States and in the United
Kingdom who have been employed for at least 10 days may participate in
offerings under the purchase plan. However, no employee may participate in the
purchase plan if immediately after Chordiant grants the employee a purchase
right, the employee has voting power over 5% or more of Chordiant's outstanding
capital stock.

   Offerings. Under the purchase plan, the board may specify offerings of up to
27 months. Unless the board determines differently, common stock is purchased
for accounts of participating employees at a price per share equal to the lower
of:

  . 85% of the fair market value of a share on the first day of the offering;
    or

  . 85% of the fair market value of a share on the purchase date.

   Fair market value generally means the closing sales price, rounded up where
necessary to the nearest whole cent, for these shares, or the closing bid, if
no sales were reported, as quoted on the Nasdaq National Market on the last
trading day before the relevant determination date, as reported in The Wall
Street Journal.

   The board may provide that employees who become eligible to participate
after the offering period begins nevertheless may enroll in the offering. These
employees will purchase Chordiant's stock at the lower of:

  . 85% of the fair market value of a share on the day they began
    participating in the purchase plan; or

  . 85% of the fair market value of a share on the purchase date.

   Participating employees may authorize payroll deductions of up to 15% of
their compensation for the purchase of stock under the purchase plan. Employees
may end their participation in the offering before a purchase period ends.
Their participation ends automatically on termination of their employment.

   Other Provisions. The Chordiant board may grant eligible employees purchase
rights under the purchase plan only if the purchase rights together with any
other purchase rights granted under other employee stock purchase plans
established by Chordiant or by Chordiant's affiliates, if any, do not permit
the employee's rights to purchase Chordiant's stock to accrue at a rate that
exceeds $25,000 of fair market value of Chordiant's stock for each calendar
year in which the purchase rights are outstanding.

   Upon a change in control, the Chordiant board may provide that the successor
corporation either will assume or replace outstanding purchase rights.
Alternatively, the board may shorten the ongoing offering period and provide
that Chordiant's stock will be purchased for the participants immediately
before the change in control.

   Shares Issued. As of December 31, 2000, 117,689 shares of common stock have
been purchased under the purchase plan.

   Plan Termination. The purchase plan has no set termination date.

 401(k) Plan

   Chordiant has established its corporation retirement savings plan, which
became effective on January 1, 1996. The 401(k) plan is intended to qualify
under Section 401 of the Code so that contributions by employees or by
Chordiant, and income earned, are not taxable until withdrawn and so that
contributions by the company will be deductible by Chordiant when made. The
401(k) plan provides that each participant may reduce their pre-tax gross
compensation by up to 15%, up to a statutorily prescribed annual limit of
$10,000 in 2000, and have that amount contributed to the 401(k) plan. Employees
become eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan upon commencement of their
employment with Chordiant. Participants are fully vested in all amounts they
contribute under the 401(k) plan and in the earnings on the contributed
amounts.

   In addition to the employee salary deferrals described above, the 401(k)
plan requires Chordiant to make contributions under the 401(k) plan on behalf
of the participants. These contributions include a matching contribution of up
to $1,500 per year of salary deferred contributions made by each participant.
The employer contributions to the 401(k) plan each year will be divided among
participants in the ratio that each participant's compensation bears to the
compensation of all participants. Participants become vested in matching
contributions and employer contributions according to a graded vesting schedule
under which they become fully vested after five years of service with
Chordiant.

   Employee participants may elect to invest their accounts under the 401(k)
plan in various established funds.

       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS OF CHORDIANT

   The following is a description of transactions since January 1, 2000, to
which Chordiant has been a party, in which the amount involved in the
transaction exceeds $60,000, and in which any of Chordiant's directors or
executive officers or any member of the immediate family of such directors or
officers, or holders of more than 5% of the capital stock had or will have a
direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements that
are described under "Chordiant Management."

   Chordiant has entered into indemnification agreements with Chordiant's
directors and officers for the indemnification of and advancement of expenses
to these persons to the full extent permitted by law. Chordiant also intends to
execute these agreements with Chordiant's future directors and officers.

   Options granted to Chordiant's directors, executive officers and employees
are immediately exercisable for both vested an unvested shares, with unvested
shares being subject to a right of repurchase in Chordiant's favor if
termination of employment occurs before the vesting of all the shares. The
following individuals have elected to pay the exercise price for some of their
outstanding options with full recourse promissory notes secured by the common
stock underlying the options. The notes bear interest at 5.74% to 6.45% per
year, and interest payments on the notes are due and payable annually on the
anniversary date of the note. Unpaid principal and interest on the notes are
due and payable immediately upon termination of the employee's employment with
Chordiant, or two years after the date of the promissory note, whichever is
earlier. As of December 31, 2000, the original and outstanding aggregate
principal amounts of the promissory notes executed by each executive officer in
favor of Chordiant are listed below.

                                                                     Aggregate
                                                                    Original and
                                                                    Outstanding
       Executive Officer                                            Note Amount
       -----------------                                            ------------

       Samuel T. Spadafora.........................................   $344,800
       Donald J. Morrison..........................................   $ 68,906
       Steven Springsteel..........................................   $134,555

   All future transactions, including loans, between Chordiant and Chordiant's
officers, directors and principal stockholders must be approved by a majority
of the board of directors, including a majority of the independent and
disinterested directors.

   Chordiant does not have any formal policy concerning the direct or indirect
pecuniary interest of any of its officers, directors, security holders or
affiliates in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by Chordiant or in
any transaction to which Chordiant is a party or has an interest. Chordiant
will not enter into any such transactions unless approved by a majority of the
entire board of directors, not including any interested director.

          SECURITY OWNERSHIP BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF CHORDIANT

   The following table provides information about the beneficial ownership of
Chordiant's common stock as of December 31, 2000 by:

  . each of the individuals listed in the "Summary Compensation Table for
    Chordiant Executive Officers";

  . each of Chordiant's directors;

  . each person, or group of persons, who is known by Chordiant to own
    beneficially 5% or more of Chordiant's common stock; and

  . all current directors and executive officers as a group.

   Beneficial ownership is calculated based upon the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned
by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock
subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2000 are considered outstanding.
These shares, however, are not considered outstanding for the purposes of
computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as indicated in
the footnotes to this table or as a result of applicable community property
laws, each stockholder named in the table has sole voting and investment power
to the shares shown as beneficially owned by them.

   Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based on
38,181,884 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2000. Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each of the individuals named below is: c/o
Chordiant Software, Inc., 20400 Stevens Creek Blvd, Suite 400, Cupertino,
California 95014.

                                                        Beneficial Ownership
                                                       ----------------------
   Name of Beneficial Owner                              Shares   Percent (%)
   ------------------------                            ---------- -----------

   Directors, Executive Officers:

   Samuel T. Spadafora(1).............................  1,661,538     4.4

   Stephen Kelly(2)...................................    451,388     1.2

   Donald J. Morrison(3)..............................    682,859     1.8

   Joseph F. Tumminaro(4).............................  4,498,122    11.8

   Cary G. Morgan(5)..................................    121,634     0.3

   Steven Springsteel(6)..............................    279,421     0.7

   Oliver D. Curme(7).................................  2,526,263     6.6

   Kathryn C. Gould(8)................................  3,140,813     8.2

   Mitchell Kertzman(9)...............................    113,825     0.3

   Robert S. McKinney(10).............................     25,000     0.1

   William Raduchel(11)...............................    112,500     0.3

   David R. Springett(12).............................     25,000     0.1

   Carol L. Realini(4)................................  4,498,122    11.8

   All directors and officers as a group (13
    persons)(13)...................................... 18,136,485    47.5

   Five Percent Stockholders:

   First Plaza Group Trust(14)........................  3,947,360    10.3
    The Chase Manhattan Bank, Trustee
    4 Chase Metrotech Center
    18th Floor
    Brooklyn, NY 11245

                              Beneficial Ownership
                              ---------------------
   Name of Beneficial Owner    Shares   Percent (%)
   ------------------------   --------- -----------

   Entities associated with
    Foundation Capital,
    L.P(15)................   3,115,813     8.2
    70 Willow Road
    Suite 200
    Menlo Park, CA 94025

   Battery Ventures III,
    L.P. ..................   2,501,263     6.6
    20 William Street
    Suite 200
    Wellesley, MA 02481

   Electronic Data Systems
    Corporation............   2,421,875     6.3
    5400 Legacy Drive
    Plano, TX 75024

   Norwest Venture Partners
    VI, LP(16).............   2,321,472     6.1
    245 Lytton Avenue
    Suite 250
    Palo Alto, CA 94301

   Entities associated with
    Charter Growth
    Capital(17)............   2,000,000     5.2
    525 University Avenue
    Suite 1500
    Palo Alto, CA 94301

- --------
 (1) Consists of:

   . shares held by Mr. Spadafora's children;

   . 1,388 shares acquired under Chordiant's Employee Stock Purchase Plan;

   . 10,000 shares held by a family trust; and

   . 1,086,400 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000.

 (2) Consists of:

   . 1,388 shares acquired under Chordiant's Employee Stock Purchase Plan;
     and

   . 311,459 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000.

 (3) Consists of:

   . shares held by trusts for the benefit of Mr. Morrison's children; and

   . 438,172 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000.

 (4) The common stock held by Mr. Tumminaro and Ms. Realini consists of:

   . 4,424,696 shares held by a family trust and trusts for the benefit of
     Mr. Tumminaro and Ms. Realini children; and

   . 73,426 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000.

 (5) Includes 111,285 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days
     of December 31, 2000.

 (6) Consists of:

   . shares held by Mr. Springsteel's children;

   . 234,700 shares held directly by Mr. Springsteel; and

   . 8,333 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000.

 (7) Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000. Mr. Curme is a general partner of Battery Ventures III,
     L.P, which is the sole general partner of Battery Ventures III LP. Mr.
     Curme disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by these entities
     except to the extent of his proportionate partnership interest in these
     entities.

 (8) Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000. Ms. Gould is a managing member of Foundation Capital
     Management, LLC, which is the general partner and managing member of
     Foundation Capital, LP and Foundation Capital Entrepreneurs Fund LLC. She
     disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by the entities
     associated with Foundation Capital, except to the extent of her financial
     interest in these entities.

 (9) Includes 113,825 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days
     of December 31, 2000.

(10) Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000.

(11) Includes 112,500 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days
     of December 31, 2000.

(12) Includes 25,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options within 60 days of
     December 31, 2000.

(13) Includes shares described in the notes above, as applicable.

(14) The Chase Manhattan Bank acts as the trustee for First Plaza Group Trust.
     These shares may be considered to be owned beneficially by General Motors
     Investment Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of General Motors.
     General Motors Investment Management is serving as the trust's investment
     manager for these shares and in that capacity it has the sole power to
     direct the trustee about the voting and disposition of these shares.
     Because of the trustee's limited role, beneficial ownership of the shares
     by the trustee is disclaimed.

(15) Consists of:

   . 265,987 shares held by Foundation Capital Entrepreneurs LLC; and

   . 2,849,826 shares held by Foundation Capital LP.

   Foundation Capital Management, LLC is the managing member of Foundation
   Capital Entrepreneurs Fund, LLC and is the general partner of Foundation
   Capital, LP. Ms. Gould is a director of Chordiant and disclaims beneficial
   ownership of the shares held by these Foundation Capital entities, except
   to the extent of her financial interest as a member of Foundation Capital
   Management, LLC.

(16) The sole general partner of Norwest Venture Partners VI, LP is Itasca VC
     Partners VI, LLP, whose managing partner is George Still and whose
     managing administrative partner is John Whaley. All voting and investment
     power of these shares is held solely by Norwest Venture Partners VI, LP
     acting by and through Itasca VC Partners VI and its managing partner and
     managing administration partner.

(17) Consists of:

   . 560,000 shares held by Charter Growth Capital, L.P.;

   . 35,000 shares held by CGC Investors, L.P.; and

   . 1,405,000 shares held by Charter Growth Capital Co-Investment Fund, L.P.

                     INFORMATION RELATING TO PRIME RESPONSE

                           PRIME RESPONSE'S BUSINESS

   Prime Response is a provider of integrated relationship marketing software
solutions that enable businesses with large customer bases to create, execute
and refine highly targeted Internet, wireless and traditional marketing
campaigns that build more loyal and profitable customer relationships. Prime
Response's software solutions leverage Prime Response's 13 years of experience
in the design, implementation and management of marketing campaigns to create
optimized and tailored business to client interactions that draw on all of the
business data held by its clients regarding their customers, including
information generated by its clients' sales, marketing, service and accounting
organizations. Prime Response's products are designed to help its clients to
more effectively market and sell to their customers by delivering more
personalized marketing messages over the customers' preferred marketing
channel, whether it is the Internet, wireless or traditional.

Industry Background

   In today's competitive environment, businesses face intense pressure to
improve their overall profitability. In recent years, businesses have addressed
cost reduction and expense containment by adopting enterprise resource planning
and other back-office software applications. Businesses realize that they must
now also focus on ways to increase revenues in a cost effective manner. Today,
businesses with large customer bases invest significant resources to attract,
retain and sell directly to customers through telephone, direct mail and
personal selling efforts and increasingly via the Internet, or indirectly
through use of media such as print, radio and television. Implementing and
managing these marketing campaigns--called marketing automation--is both a
critical and challenging task because of the proliferation of customer
purchasing options and increased customer sophistication coupled with the high
costs associated with conducting marketing campaigns.

 Traditional Marketing Management Tools

   To improve the cost-effectiveness of marketing campaigns, businesses are
focusing on ways to exploit information gathered from their multiple marketing
activities. As part of marketing automation, businesses are seeking to:

  . automate the planning and implementation of their marketing campaigns;

  . tailor interaction with their customers based on prior interactions
    between customers and businesses;

  . identify profitable customer opportunities;

  . optimize the execution of marketing campaigns to maximize returns;

  . measure the effectiveness of current marketing initiatives in order to
    plan more effective future campaigns; and

  . determine future marketing opportunities through consolidation and
    analysis of customer data.

   Historically, these solutions have included:

  . Automated Customer Lists. For many years, businesses have used
    proprietary software, often developed by third-party service bureaus, to
    access customer information maintained in large external databases.

  . Database Mining Software. Database mining software permits businesses to
    analyze data generated within their entire organization to provide a more
    complete view of customer relationships.

   These traditional solutions do not:

  . fully manage the planning and implementation of marketing campaigns;

  . allow for easy access to customer data; or

  . support focused one-on-one marketing efforts and are difficult to
    integrate across various departments within an organization.

   Because of these inherent limitations, traditional marketing management
solutions generally do not enable businesses to achieve their overall goals for
cost-effective marketing and efficient use of available customer data and
generally do not address growing Internet marketing needs.

Emergence of Relationship Marketing

   The widespread adoption of the Internet by consumers and businesses is
fundamentally changing the way businesses interact with their customers and is
dramatically increasing the pressure on businesses to adopt new marketing
management solutions. The number of users who buy and sell goods over the
Internet is expected to increase exponentially. The growth of the Internet and
e-commerce is stimulating businesses to implement new forms of Internet
advertising, such as banner advertising, targeted e-mail and personalized Web
pages.

   On the Internet, one-to-one, real-time marketing can occur each time a
customer interacts with a business' Website. A business can observe, record and
analyze customer behavior, such as when and how often they visit a business'
Website and what content they view. This information allows businesses to
generate a profile of a customer's preferences and offer a selection of
products and services tailored to each specific customer. New opportunities
exist for real-time, customized sales and marketing initiatives ranging from
targeted e-mail to banner ads to personalized coupons. In addition to
exploiting new opportunities, businesses must develop effective Internet
marketing strategies to protect their customer base and retain customers who
might otherwise decide to change vendors with the click of a button.

   Although many businesses have invested in Internet infrastructure software
to support their e-commerce initiatives, much of this effort has been limited
to the development of their Websites and other related back-office functions,
such as transaction processing and security. Many of these businesses are only
now beginning to focus on automating their Internet marketing strategies so
that they can better exploit the Internet as a marketing medium in a more cost-
effective fashion. Internet marketing products to date have generally been
point solutions, designed to address only one specific aspect of customer
interaction, or touch-point, such as:

  . management of inbound e-mail, so that customer inquiries and complaints
    are efficiently and promptly handled; or

  . management of outbound e-mail, permitting businesses to generate business
    through direct e-mail campaigns over the Internet; or

  . customized Website content, with information tailored to specific dynamic
    customer profiles; or

  . management of Internet advertising, designed to generate and manage the
    use of banner ads and other Internet advertising.

   These marketing products typically address only Internet marketing channels
and often neither integrate with a business' existing traditional marketing
channels, nor leverage cost-effectively a business's existing customer
databases generated from non-Internet based marketing activities.

   To more effectively market and sell to their customers, businesses
increasingly realize the need to exploit both Internet and wireless
opportunities and traditional marketing initiatives. Prime Response believes
that traditional businesses are increasingly utilizing the Internet as a sales
and marketing channel and Internet retailers are increasingly utilizing more
traditional media to reach and communicate with their customers. Businesses
need solutions that integrate Internet and traditional marketing campaigns,
through both direct and indirect marketing channels, to draw on all of a
business' data regarding its customers including information generated by the
business' sales, marketing, service and accounting organizations. By drawing on
this data businesses can learn more about their customers, allowing them to
develop effective marketing campaigns and build stronger customer
relationships. Today, businesses are hampered by the fact that solutions
designed

exclusively for the Internet generally do not integrate with traditional
marketing solutions, and traditional marketing solutions generally do not
integrate with Internet marketing solutions. An integrated solution would allow
businesses to gather accurate and comprehensive information about their
customers and use that information throughout the organization to develop and
implement effective direct and indirect marketing campaigns.

The Prime Response Solution

   The Prime Response solution acts as a hub for a business' marketing
organization allowing it to capitalize on three important trends in the
marketplace:

  . the expansion of customer data and tools to mine and understand that
    data;

  . the continual evolution of lower cost customer touchpoints (such as the
    Internet and e-mail); and

  . the decline in marginal return for marketing dollars spent.

   By providing businesses with a solution that allows them to interact with
their customers over virtually any marketing channel at any time, businesses
can take better advantage of their data and analyze the breadth of their
marketing channels and leading gain better returns on their marketing
expenditures.

   Prime Response's solutions are designed to provide its clients with critical
business advantages by effectively managing the customer lifecycle from
acquisition, through to retention and development, including the ability to:

   Lower the cost of acquiring and retaining customers. Prime Response's
software can deliver process efficiencies, refined prospect and customer
selection and marketing channel optimization, which contributes to reduced
customer acquisition and retention costs.

   Target marketing efforts on the most profitable customers. Prime Response's
software enables Prime Response's clients to identify and cost-effectively
focus and build on their relationships with their most profitable customers by:

  . quickly understanding and identifying who their most profitable customers
    are;

  . enabling the marketing professional to create and fine-tune the
    appropriate marketing offer; and

  . communicating the marketing offer over the most effective marketing
    channel.

   Optimize the use of marketing channels based on customer
preferences. Because Prime Response's software solution has been developed to
design, plan, execute and track marketing campaigns over the Internet and
traditional marketing channels, it permits clients to tailor and deliver
marketing messages over the marketing channel identified as each of their
customer's preference.

   Increase customer retention and loyalty. By maintaining a history of all
inbound and outbound customer interactions and by giving the marketing
professional access to all customer data, Prime Response's software helps its
clients build loyal and sustainable customer relationships.

   Maximize lifetime value of customers through cross-selling. Prime Response's
software enables its clients to get the most value out of their customers
through enhanced cross-selling designed efforts to maximize the potential
revenue Prime Response's clients can receive from a customer over the duration
of the customer's relationship with a client.

   The Prime Response solution is supplemented by comprehensive service and
professional support, which allows its clients to maximize the benefits
achieved with the use of Prime Response's software on a turnkey basis.

Strategy

   Prime Response's strategy is to become the leading supplier of integrated
relationship marketing solutions. Key elements of Prime Response's strategy
include:

   Leverage expertise to offer leading integrated relationship marketing
solutions. Prime Response has built on its 13 years of experience in the
design, implementation and management of marketing campaigns to create what
Prime Response believes is the leading marketing solution specifically designed
to operate as a Web-enabled multi-channel solution addressing both Internet and
traditional campaigns. Prime Response intends to continue to apply its
expertise to focus on those potential clients and industries that require a
relationship marketing solution that offers complete marketing functionality
rather than a combination of disparate point solutions. Prime Response believes
that its products' open architecture will allow them to be integrated with
emerging interactive technologies, providing Prime Response with a continued
competitive advantage as the market evolves.

   Expand focus in North America. Prime Response believes that the North
American market for integrated relationship marketing solutions is larger and
growing more rapidly than the European market and, accordingly, plans to
increase its focus on North America. Prime Response started as a European
business and in 1998 began offering its products in North America, and, since
January 1999, Prime Response has continued to aggressively expand its North
American presence. Prime Response relocated its corporate headquarters to
Cambridge, Massachusetts in July 1999.

   Penetrate identified vertical markets. Prime Response intends to continue to
focus its marketing and direct sales activities in its key existing vertical
markets: financial services, communications and media, and consumer goods.
Prime Response believes these markets provide the greatest opportunity for
rapid market penetration because of their critical need for flexible marketing
management solutions to manage large, consumer-oriented marketing campaigns;
their growing use of e-commerce; and the competitive challenges they face from
e-commerce. In order to further expand its presence in these vertical markets,
Prime Response has structured its sales and services organizations to provide
dedicated and focused support to each industry that Prime Response targets.
Prime Response also intends to leverage its current success in its targeted
industries to gain market share in other industries with similar
characteristics.

   Build key strategic alliances. Prime Response has established strategic
relationships with key industry participants in order to broaden its market
presence, reach new geographic and vertical markets, and increase its sales
penetration by leveraging each of its partner's expertise in specific markets,
industry reputation and sales and marketing resources. Today, Prime Response
has active marketing relationships with a variety of organizations including
consultants, systems integrators and service providers such as Accenture
(formerly Andersen Consulting), and platform providers such as Hewlett-Packard
Company and Sun Microsystems. Prime Response intends to establish additional
strategic alliances and to continue to enhance its relationship with existing
strategic partners in order to further broaden its market penetration.

   Expand and enhance professional services and customer support. Prime
Response intends to continue to make an investment in its consulting staff and
to build the expertise of the consulting organization along industry lines to
facilitate the rapid adoption by clients of its solutions. Prime Response also
believes that a high level of service and support is of critical importance to
its clients, who require a highly reliable, turnkey solution. Prime Response
intends to sustain its commitment to service and support through continued
investment in those activities and by leveraging its strategic alliances to add
greater depth to those services.

Products

   Prime Response began in 1987 as a marketing database service bureau. In
1995, Prime Response introduced its first data analysis and campaign management
solution, which was one of the first client/server based, enterprise-wide,
multi-channel marketing management software solutions configured to permit the

analysis of large amounts of customer data and the automation of marketing
strategies. In 1998, Prime Response introduced a Windows-based, three-tier,
client/server product that works on a client's own database and runs on Windows
95 and Windows NT. Today, Prime Response's marketing management solutions are
used by more than 80 clients to manage millions of customer relationships.

   Prime Response's relationship marketing product suite is built around
Prime@Vantage, a Web-based system that incorporates an advanced user interface
and new software architecture to facilitate integration and product
enhancements, and Prime@Vantage com, which provides additional functionality,
including the ability to generate immediate personalized marketing initiatives
over the Internet in response to information generated across an organization.

   Prime Response's solution features software architecture which makes it:

  . highly flexible, so that it can be used to implement marketing plans,
    regardless of the complexity of the channel or medium, and so that
    clients can respond to rapid developments in market conditions and
    technology;

  . scalable, so it can continue to support major company-wide marketing
    campaigns effectively to target customers and potential customers, and so
    that it can handle rapid increases in data volume as media such as the
    Internet are implemented and exploited;

  . comprehensive, to include all functions required by the end-users to
    effectively manage and automate major marketing campaigns; and

  . intuitive, so that it can be used in real-time, by personnel in various
    departments involved in marketing campaigns, without significant
    additional training or technical support.

Prime Vantage

   Strategy Manager. Strategy Manager allows all departments of an organization
to participate in the organization's marketing campaigns. Prime Response's
clients' marketing personnel can plan, execute, track and analyze marketing
strategies, while marketing departments can evaluate and budget campaigns prior
to implementation and measure the resulting return on investment. Strategy
Manager also permits the generation and reporting of campaign results for real-
time distribution throughout a business, allowing timely response to marketing
data.

   Campaign Manager. Campaign Manager provides Prime Response's clients with
the functionality for operational planning and campaign execution. This
function allows for comprehensive automated scheduling, rescheduling, execution
and monitoring of all tasks associated with marketing campaigns. Prime
Response's clients can define campaign targets and parameters, campaign
components such as Internet or e-mail, more efficiently than with traditional
software solutions, using a variety of embedded tools and prompts.

 Migration of Prime Vantage to Prime@Vantage

   In November 2000, Prime Response notified all of its clients operating the
Prime Vantage product on an Oracle platform of its intent to cease support and
maintenance of this product as of March 31, 2001. Prime Response will offer
each affected client the opportunity to migrate to the Prime@Vantage
architecture, for an additional cost.

Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com

   Building on Prime Response's knowledge and expertise in the customer
relationship management industry, Prime Response introduced Prime@Vantage,
which features a complete revision of product architecture to facilitate system
flexibility, integration with Prime Response's clients' databases and
integration of new features as required, without the investment or cost
associated with significant code revisions. Its updated graphical user
interface uses icons and cues typically used in Web browsers, facilitating its
use in an Internet environment.

Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com are founded on a comprehensive published
data model that allows for Windows or browser-based applications and a
foundation for continued functional enhancements. Prime@Vantage.com is offered
as an add-on to Prime Response's Prime@Vantage product. Prime@Vantage offers
the functions and features described above as well as additional functionality
as described below:

   Segmentation Manager. The Segmentation Manager allows the definition and
execution of a "decision tree," incorporating conditional, dependent and
exclusivity processing.

   Wizards and Assistants. The Prime@Vantage solution incorporates a variety of
intelligent wizards and agents that help to guide a user through the various
system functions, such as building a marketing management campaign or defining
a segmentation strategy. Incorporation of these user aids enables non-technical
personnel to utilize effectively the Prime@Vantage solution.

   Prime Response has also introduced an add-on to its Prime@Vantage product
offering, Prime@Vantage.com, which will offer Web-based functions to support
and integrate Internet and traditional marketing efforts fully across an
organization. Prime@Vantage.com allows Prime Response's clients to take
advantage of the Internet's ability to provide immediate, individualized
responses to customer inquiries. Prime@Vantage.com offers Prime Response's
clients a dynamic link to campaign strategies from the client's home page
without requiring continual assistance from IT resources, enabling interactive,
real-time control of Web marketing strategies. Prime@Vantage.com enables Prime
Response's clients to personalize Web-based marketing in real time based on
their customers profiles and allows its clients to link their operational
systems and data warehouses to e-mail, Website, or traditional marketing
channels. Prime@Vantage.com is designed to be a Web-based, multi-channel
marketing solution that integrates Internet and other evolving marketing
channels--such as e-mail, the Web, automatic teller machines and mobile
communication systems--with traditional marketing channels such as direct mail,
call centers, point of sale, direct sales systems and mass market advertising.

   Web Personalization Engine. The Web Personalization Engine allows Prime
Response's clients instantaneously to personalize the Websites that their
customers view, based on the customer's Web activity and centralized business
and communication strategies. This allows Prime Response's clients to combine
both Internet data and feedback from traditional marketing channels. As a
result, marketing efficiency can be improved through real-time response
analysis.

   E-mail Personalization Engine. With the E-mail Personalization Engine,
relevant, timely and personalized e-mails can be constructed and delivered to
target audiences. Outbound e-mails are distributed and response mailboxes can
be set up for automatic routing of inbound e-mail to the most relevant parts of
an organization. E-mails can include universal resource locators, also known as
URL's, that take the recipient back to a personalized Web page.

Prime@Vantage Wireless

   Prime Response's Prime@Vantage Wireless enables clients to deliver relevant,
timely offers to customers on their wireless devices while they are actively
engaged at or near the point of purchase and most likely to buy. Prime@Vantage
Wireless is integrated into the Prime@Vantage product suite.

Prime@Vantage Optimizer

   Prime Response's Prime@Vantage Optimizer is an enterprise-level marketing
decision support system which enables clients to:

  . synchronize and evaluate multiple marketing campaigns across all
    marketing channels;

  . identify profitable customers; and

  . predict optimal results before committing valuable marketing resources.

Marketing Mission Control

   Prime Response's Marketing Mission Control is a Web-based portal which
integrates all components of the Prime@Vangage product suite to allow a client
to obtain a comprehensive, real-time view of its customer and campaign
information across all marketing channels.

Professional Services

   In addition to Prime Response's product offerings, Prime Response also
provides a variety of professional services to its clients which enable them to
rapidly become self-sufficient and to ensure rapid implementation and timely
return on their investment. Prime Response's principal offerings include:

   Consulting Services. Prime Response offers comprehensive consulting services
to facilitate implementation of Prime Response's products and to provide its
clients with a complete marketing management solution. These consulting
services cover:

  . Assessment Consulting. Prime Response offers its clients a full range of
    assessment services, which are designed to improve the clients'
    understanding of Prime Response's product and service offerings. Clients
    can choose their preferred combination of products and services based on
    their particular needs.

  . Implementation Consulting. Prime Response provides implementation
    services which include user, technical and systems administration
    training along with business consulting services linked to a client-
    selected pilot campaign. The objective of the implementation plan is to
    allow Prime Response's clients to quickly and effectively deploy Prime
    Response's products as well as to establish a customer-specific,
    repeatable process for end-to-end management of their marketing
    campaigns.

  . Business Consulting. Prime Response offers its clients a full-range of
    strategic business consulting services designed to assist its clients in
    optimizing their marketing management initiatives and the use of Prime
    Response's solutions. These services include development of Prime
    Response's clients' Internet marketing strategies, customer segmentation
    models, event-driven campaign design, and effective market testing and
    measurement techniques.

  . Relationship Marketing Consulting. Prime Response provides a set of
    service offerings to support its clients in effective management of Web-
    based marketing automation through the lifecycle of analysis, planning,
    execution and tracking of marketing campaigns across multiple on and off-
    line customer touch points, including the Web and e-mail. The focus of
    these offerings is to emphasize the importance of the Internet as a new
    medium for building customer loyalty and the integration of this medium
    with traditional marketing channels to enhance overall marketing results.

   Support and Maintenance Services. Prime Response offers Internet and off-
line support and maintenance services to its clients which provide them with
hotline technical support, remote dial-in services for problem identification
and access to maintenance releases.

   Applications Hosting Services. Either directly through Prime Response's
service bureau or through business partners, Prime Response provides
outsourcing services to its clients who choose not to host their own
applications. These services also extend to customer management solutions
including analytics, data management and mining, and consulting. Prime Response
also continues to serve as a marketing database service bureau for any of its
clients who feel it cost-effective to outsource those activities.

Sales and Marketing

   Prime Response markets its products and services through a combination of
Prime Response's direct sales force and strategic alliance partners. Prime
Response relies on a direct sales model because its products address critical
client needs that require close relationships with its clients. Prime
Response's direct sales force is

organized according to the primary vertical markets it targets, including
communications and media, financial services and consumer goods. As of December
31, 2000, Prime Response's direct sales force included 12 sales representatives
based primarily out of Prime Response's United States offices in Cambridge,
Massachusetts; Schaumburg, Illinois; Lakewood, Colorado and San Francisco,
California. Prime Response also had, as of December 31, 2000, 22 sales
representatives based out of its international offices in England; Germany;
France; Singapore and Australia. However, during January 2001, Prime Response
has undertaken plans to streamline and restructure its operations in an effort
to improve operating margins and reduce overall expenses. This restructuring
included limited reductions in employee headcount through layoffs and
attrition, and is expected to include the closing of several regional offices,
including Prime Response's San Francisco and Minneapolis offices.

   Prime Response supplements its direct sales force through alliances with
industry leaders, including consultants, systems integrators and service
providers. Prime Response also markets its products and services through
relationships with hardware and software platform providers and with
complementary software providers.

   Prime Response builds market awareness through a variety of programs,
including public relations and leadership activities such as media relations,
analyst relations and speaking engagements. Prime Response attracts potential
customers through lead generation activities that include telemarketing, direct
mail programs, trade shows, seminars and conferences, Webinars and Website
marketing. Prime Response also produces materials to help support sales to
prospective customers such as brochures, product sheets, white papers,
presentations and product demonstrations.

Strategic Alliance Partners

   Prime Response markets its products and services through strategic alliances
that enable it to leverage its partners' resources, expertise and customer
base. Prime Response currently has strategic alliances with:

  . distributors and service providers that provide platforms on which Prime
    Response's products run;

  . technology and solution providers, including both generic and vertical
    industry software solutions in the areas of sales and contact management,
    call center support, data mining and analysis, decision support and other
    solutions that are related to, but not a part of Prime@Vantage's
    integrated relationship marketing solution; and

  . consultants that implement and integrate Prime Response's software for
    customers developing new comprehensive marketing solutions.

   Some of Prime Response's strategic partners include:

   Distributors and Service       Technology and Solution
   Providers                      Providers                    Consultants
   ------------------------       -----------------------      -----------

   MRM Worldwide                  Oracle Corporation           Accenture (formerly
   Fair, Isaac and Company, Inc.  Hewlett-Packard Company       Andersen Consulting)
   USKO Limited                   Sun Microsystems, Inc.       Mphasis Corp.
   LINK INESC Consultadoria       NCR Corporation              Mummert & Partner
    e Servicios, S.A.             Quadstone, Inc.              Unternchmensberatund AG
   Oculos                         SPSS, Inc.                   Logica plc
   Ultima Inc.                    MarketSwitch Corporation     Quaero LLC
                                  Metapath Software            Tata Consulting Services
                                   International               eBusiness Advantage, Inc.
                                  MicroStrategy, Inc.          Cap Gemini Ernst & Young
                                  Viador Inc.                  IXL Enterprises, Inc.
                                  DataMentors, Inc.
                                  MarketSoft Corporation, Inc.

Clients

   Prime Response targets clients in those vertical markets that it believes
have the most urgent requirements for advanced, integrated customer
relationship management solutions, including financial services, communications
and media, and consumer goods. Within those vertical markets, Prime Response
targets businesses that have multi-channel requirements and large customer
bases.

   Today, more than 80 clients use Prime Response products to manage millions
of customer relationships. Some of the clients who have purchased licenses
and/or professional services from Prime Response include:

   Financial Services               Communications & Media       Consumer Goods         Other
   ------------------               ----------------------       --------------         -----

   Advance Bank AG                  Advanced Information         1-800-Flowers.com,     British Airways plc
   Alliance & Leicester plc          Services plc                 Inc.                  RAC Motoring
   Bank of Western Australia, Ltd.  British Telecommunications   CVS Corporation         Services Limited
   Deutsche Bank AG                  plc                         Edgars Retail Trading  Scottish Power plc
   CSFBdirect, Inc. (formerly       Cox Communications, Inc.      (Pty) Ltd.
    DLJdirect, Inc.)                MediaOne Group, Inc.         John Lewis Partnership
   E*Trade Group, Inc.              Omnitel Pronto Italia S.P.A. Priceline.com, Inc.
   National Westminster Bank plc    Tele Danmark A/S
   Quick & Reilly, Inc.             Telenor Mobil AS
   The Standard Life Assurance      Telstra Corporation Ltd.
    Company                         Verizon Wireless Services,
   The Royal Bank of Scotland plc    LLC
   Gruppo Bancario Unicredito
    Italiano
   Wachovia Operational
    Services Corp.

Competition

   The market for Prime Response's products and services is intensely
competitive and rapidly evolving. Prime Response's primary competitors include:

  . vendors of Internet-enabled marketing software, including E.piphany,
    Annuncio and Market First;

  . vendors of inbound e-mail management systems, including eGain and Kana;

  . vendors of outbound e-mail management systems, including Click Action,
    Exactis and Match Logic;

  . traditional marketing, automation software companies such as Xchange
    Applications, Unica and Recognition Systems;

  . traditional marketing database vendors and service bureaus that provide a
    combination of service bureau capabilities and proprietary software such
    as Axciom, Epsilon, Experian and Harte-Hanks;

  . enterprise software vendors that to offer campaign management
    applications such as Oracle and Siebel; and

  . in-house development efforts by prospective customers to design their own
    systems.

   The principal competitive factors affecting the market are:

  . depth and breadth of functionality offered;

  . variety of marketing channels served;

  . scalability and flexibility of use;

  . speed and ease of implementation and use;

  . price; and

  . customer service and support.

   Prime Response believes that it has competitive advantages that
differentiate Prime Response's products and services from those of its
competitors. Prime Response believes that its highly functional product
offerings that serve multiple marketing channels provide Prime Response an
advantage over its competitors. Prime Response also believes that the features
of Prime Response's Prime@Vantage, Prime@Vantage.com, Prime@Vantage Wireless,
Prime@Vantage Optimizer and Marketing Mission Control offerings will be an
important competitive advantage, permitting clients to integrate personalized
Internet content and e-mail with traditional marketing channels.

   Despite these advantages, many of Prime Response's competitors have longer
operating histories and significantly greater financial, technical, marketing
and other resources than Prime Response does. As a result, they may be able to
undertake more extensive promotional activities, offer more attractive pricing
terms, and bundle their products in a manner that would put Prime Response at a
competitive disadvantage.

Proprietary Rights and Licensing

   Prime Response regards its copyrights, service marks, trademarks, trade
dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology and similar intellectual property
as critical to its success, and Prime Response relies on trademark and
copyright law, trade secret protection and confidentiality and/or license
agreements with its employees, customers, independent contractors, partners and
others to protect its proprietary rights. Despite Prime Response's precautions,
it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use its intellectual
property without its authorization. Furthermore, the validity, enforceability
and scope of protection of intellectual property in Internet-related industries
is uncertain and still evolving. The laws of some foreign countries do not
protect intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws of the United
States.

   Prime Response pursues the registration of Prime Response's trademarks in
the United States and in the United Kingdom. Prime Response may not be able to
secure adequate protection of its trademarks in the United States and other
countries. Prime Response has registered trademarks for Prime Response and
Vantage in the United Kingdom and in the United States. Prime Response
currently has applied for trademark registrations in the United States for
"Prime Response," "Prime Vantage," "Prime Vantage DCV," "Prime-Response.com,"
"Prime-Vantage.com," and "Relationship Marketing Just Got Better," among
others. There is no guarantee that Prime Response will be able to maintain its
current or obtain additional trademark registrations in the United States or
the United Kingdom or both, for one or more of these trademarks, in which case
Prime Response would be unable to fully enforce its statutory trademark rights
against third parties for these trademarks, and/or Prime Response may decide to
replace these trademarks with new trademarks. This could have a material
adverse effect on Prime Response's business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

   There can be no assurance that the steps that Prime Response has taken to
protect its proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not
infringe or misappropriate its copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade
dress and similar proprietary rights. Effective trademark protection may not be
available in every country in which Prime Response conducts business, and
policing unauthorized use of its marks is difficult and expensive. In addition,
Prime Response cannot be fully assured that other parties will not
independently develop substantially equivalent intellectual property.

   Prime Response has been subject to claims and expects to be subject to legal
proceedings and claims from time to time in the ordinary course of its
business, including claims of alleged infringement of the trademarks and other
intellectual property rights of third parties. Such claims, even if not
meritorious, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and
managerial resources. Prime Response cannot assure that any present or future
legal proceedings will not adversely affect its business.

   Prime Response may be required to obtain licenses from others to refine,
develop, market and deliver new products and services. Prime Response cannot
assure you that it will be able to obtain any license on

commercially reasonable terms or at all or that rights granted to Prime
Response pursuant to any license will be valid and enforceable.

Regulatory Environment

   A range of existing laws and regulations apply to transactions and other
activities on the Internet. However, the precise applicability of these laws
and regulations to the Internet is sometimes uncertain. Many were adopted prior
to the advent of the Internet and, as a result, do not contemplate or address
the unique issues of the Internet or electronic commerce. Nevertheless,
numerous federal and state government agencies have already been successful in
promoting consumer protection and enforcing other regulatory and disclosure
statutes on the Internet. Additionally, due to the increasing use of the
Internet as a medium for commerce and communication, it is likely that new laws
and regulations may be enacted with respect to the Internet and electronic
commerce covering issues such as user privacy, freedom of expression,
advertising, pricing, content and quality of products and services, taxation,
intellectual property rights and information security.

   Congress has enacted a number of specific laws and regulations concerning
the use of the Internet. As directed by Congress in the Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act, also known as COPPA, the Federal Trade Commission
recently adopted regulations, effective April 21, 2000, prohibiting unfair and
deceptive acts and practices in connection with the collection and use of
personal information from children under 13 years old on the Internet. COPPA
prohibits harmful commercial communications over the Web that are available to
any person under 17 years old. This act, however, was declared unconstitutional
by a federal district court on February 1, 1999, and that decision is currently
on appeal before a federal circuit court. If the district court's decision is
overturned and that ruling is upheld upon further appeal, providing information
to minors over the Internet would be greatly limited. However, because Prime
Response's Website is not directed at children and Prime Response does not
anticipate its widespread use by children, COPPA and the FTC's regulations, as
well as provisions under COPPA, should they be enforceable, should not have a
significant effect upon its business. Nevertheless, the FTC has strongly
advocated that even general audience Websites establish privacy policies that
include procedures to disclose and notify users of privacy and security
policies, obtain consent from users for collection and use of information, and
provide users with the ability to access, correct and delete personal
information stored by Prime Response. While Prime Response has adopted a
privacy policy regarding use of personal user information and has posted this
policy on its Website, its policies may not conform with regulations adopted or
policies advocated by the FTC or any other federal, state or foreign
governmental entity.

   The European Union recently enacted its own privacy regulations. The
European Union Directive on the Protection of Personal Data, which became
effective in October 1998, fosters electronic commerce by establishing a stable
framework to ensure both a high level of protection for private individuals and
the free movement of personal data within the European Union. The European
Union and the United States Department of Commerce are currently negotiating an
agreement under which the privacy policies of American businesses may be deemed
to be adequate under the European Union Directive. Until an agreement is
reached, the European Union has voluntarily agreed to a moratorium on
enforcement of the European Union Directive against United States businesses.
The European legislation and its adoption through any agreement could adversely
affect Prime Response's ability to expand its sales efforts to Europe by
limiting how information about Prime Response can be sent over the Internet in
the European Union, restricting its ability to collect information from
European users.

   It is also possible that "cookies" may become subject to laws limiting or
prohibiting their use. Certain currently available Internet browsers allow
Prime Response's clients' customers to modify their browser settings to remove
cookies at any time or prevent cookies from being stored on their hard drives.
In addition, a number of Internet commentators, advocates and governmental
bodies in the United States and other countries have urged the passage of laws
limiting or abolishing the use of cookies. Limitations on or elimination of the
use of cookies could restrict the effectiveness of Prime Response's targeting
of advertisements.

   Prime Response retains on its Website personal information about its
customers that it obtains with their consent. Prime Response has a stringent
privacy policy covering this information. As a matter of corporate

policy, Prime Response does not supply customer lists to third parties.
However, if third parties were able to penetrate Prime Response's network
security and gain access to or otherwise misappropriate Prime Response's users'
personal information, Prime Response could be subject to liability and its
reputation would be harmed. Liability could include claims for misuses of
personal information, such as for unauthorized marketing purposes or
unauthorized use of credit cards. These claims could result in litigation,
Prime Response's involvement in which, regardless of the outcome, could require
Prime Response to expend significant financial resources.

   Legislative proposals have been made by the federal government that would
afford broader protection to owners of databases of information, such as stock
quotes and sports scores. Such protection already exists in the European Union.
If enacted, this legislation could result in an increase in the price of
services that provide data to Websites. In addition, such legislation could
create potential liability for unauthorized use of such data.

Employees

   As of December 31, 2000, Prime Response had a total of 217 full-time
employees in the United States and abroad, including 49 primarily engaged in
research and development, 86 in sales and marketing, 54 in client services and
support and 28 in finance and administration. Prime Response has begun the
process of streamlining its operations in an effort to realign costs associated
with its business in order to improve operating margins and reduce overall
expenses. This restructuring included limited reductions in employee headcount
during January, 2001 and is expected to include the closing of several sales
offices. None of Prime Response's employees is represented by a collective
bargaining unit and, to date, Prime Response has not experienced a work
stoppage.

Properties

   Prime Response's principal offices are located at 150 CambridgePark Dr. in
Cambridge, Massachusetts, where Prime Response leases approximately 4,705
square feet. Prime Response's lease for this facility expires in June, 2005.
Prime Response has also leased 15,000 square feet of space in Brighton,
Massachusetts and Prime Response plans to either sublet or assign these
premises. The lease on this property expires in 2010. Prime Response also
maintains regional sales offices and research and development facilities in
Schaumburg, Illinois; Lakewood, Colorado; San Francisco, California; Melbourne
and Sydney Australia; Brentford, England; Frankfurt and Munich, Germany; Paris,
France and Singapore. In addition, in connection with the restructuring of
costs discussed above, Prime Response expects to close several of its regional
offices.

Legal Proceedings

   Prime Response is not a party to any material legal proceedings. From time
to time, Prime Response may become a party to legal proceedings incidental to
the conduct of its business.

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

   You should read the following selected financial data in conjunction with
the consolidated financial statements and related notes of Prime Response and
"Prime Response Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999 and the balance sheet data as of
December 31, 1998 and 1999 are derived from the audited consolidated financial
statements included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The consolidated
statement of operations data for the year ended December 31, 1996, the nine
months ended September 30, 1999 and the balance sheet data as of December 31,
1996 and 1997 and as of September 30, 1999 are derived from audited
consolidated financial statements not included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The statement of operations data for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 and the balance sheet data as of September 30, 2000
are derived from the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus and include all adjustments, consisting
of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statements of such
information when read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes. Prime Response's historical results are not
necessarily indicative of results to be expected for future periods.

                                                                 Nine Months Ended
                               Year Ended December 31,             September 30,
                          ------------------------------------  ---------------------
                           1996     1997      1998      1999      1999       2000
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------  -----------
                                                                          (unaudited)

Consolidated Statement
 of Operations Data:
Revenues:
 Software licenses......  $   795  $ 2,933  $  8,495  $ 10,134  $  5,278   $ 13,656
 Services and support...    1,410    2,495     4,214     6,519     4,709      7,441
 Applications hosting...    4,764    4,754     3,827     3,869     3,080      2,409
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
   Total revenues.......    6,969   10,182    16,536    20,522    13,067     23,506
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
Cost of revenues:
 Software licenses......      144       83       152        --        --         79
 Services and support...    1,927    3,052     6,477     4,522     3,247      5,841
 Applications hosting...    1,777    1,923     2,477     2,776     2,088      2,599
 Non-cash cost of
  revenues..............       --       --        --       113        89         86
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
   Total cost of
    revenues............    3,848    5,058     9,106     7,411     5,424      8,605
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
Gross profit............    3,121    5,124     7,430    13,111     7,643     14,901
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....    1,195    2,788     9,459    13,285     8,524     19,987
 Non-cash sales and
  marketing.............       --       --        --       266        35      2,162
 Research and
  development...........    1,307    2,947     6,289    10,185     6,712      8,079
 Non-cash research and
  development...........       --       --        --        63        34         94
 General and
  administrative........    1,184    1,396     4,843     4,112     2,659      4,951
 Non-cash general and
  administrative........       --       --        --     1,732     1,686         89
 Amortization of
  goodwill and other
  intangible assets.....       --       --     1,279     1,245       931         --
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
   Total operating
    expenses............    3,686    7,131    21,870    30,888    20,581     35,362
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
Loss from operations....     (565)  (2,007)  (14,440)  (17,777)  (12,938)   (20,461)
Other expense (income):
 Interest income........       (5)    (155)     (219)     (115)      (62)    (1,534)
 Interest expense.......       64      227       294       184        87        286
 Interest expense
  related to beneficial
  conversion feature....       --       --        --     2,500     2,500         --
 Loss on foreign
  exchange..............       --        7        88        58        49        (34)
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
Loss before income
 taxes..................     (624)  (2,086)  (14,603)  (20,404)  (15,512)   (19,174)
Provision for income
 taxes..................       26      159        --        15         9        (74)
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
   Net loss.............     (650)  (2,245)  (14,603)  (20,419)  (15,521)   (19,100)
                          -------  -------  --------  --------  --------   --------
Preferred stock
 dividends and
 recognition of
 beneficial conversion
 feature on preferred
 stock..................       --      607     2,015     5,034     4,356     41,234
Net loss attributable to
 common stockholders....  $  (650) $(2,852) $(16,618) $(25,453) $(19,877)  $(60,334)
                          =======  =======  ========  ========  ========   ========
Net loss per share--
 basic and diluted......  $(6,500) $ (2.43) $  (2.36) $  (3.44) $  (2.72)  $  (3.45)
                          =======  =======  ========  ========  ========   ========
Weighted average shares
 used in computing basic
 and diluted net loss
 per share..............       --    1,173     7,035     7,405     7,318     17,486
                          =======  =======  ========  ========  ========   ========

                                                             Nine Months Ended
                                  December 31,                 September 30,
                          --------------------------------  --------------------
                          1996    1997     1998     1999     1999       2000
                          -----  -------  -------  -------  -------  -----------
                                                                     (unaudited)

Consolidated Balance
 Sheet Data:
Cash and cash
 equivalents............  $ 458  $22,106  $   530  $ 3,999  $ 2,470    $32,058
Working capital.........   (751)  11,482       62   (1,280)  (3,544)    30,445
Total assets............  3,026   26,722   10,152   25,515   14,084     54,808
Short-term and long-term
 debt and capital lease
 obligations............    563    1,296      973    2,600    1,115         90
Redeemable convertible
 preferred stock and
 redeemable common
 stock..................     --   28,328   35,536   51,371   39,904         --
Stockholders' equity
 (deficit)..............   (865) (16,227) (32,860) (44,496) (42,077)    40,051

   Prior to 1996, Prime Response financial statements were prepared under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United Kingdom and reported
results for fiscal years ending on August 31. During that time, Prime Response
earned revenue from applications hosting only, and had no license contracts or
services and support revenue. Prime Response has prepared selected financial
data including revenue and net loss for the year ended December 31, 1995 from
statutory accounts prepared under accounting principles generally accepted in
the United Kingdom for the year ended August 31, 1995 and other available
information. Prime Response has recorded necessary adjustments to report
results for the year ended December 31, 1995 under accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States.

   The unaudited selected financial data includes, in the opinion of Prime
Response's management, all adjustments, consisting of normal, recurring
adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the information set forth.
The preparation of the following unaudited selected financial data in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
required Prime Response's management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts.

   The available unaudited selected financial data for the twelve months ended
December 31, 1995 is as follows (in thousands, except per share data):

Revenue............................................................... $4,955
Net loss.............................................................. $  (62)
Net loss per share--basic and diluted................................. $ (620)
Cash dividends per share.............................................. $2,210
Weighted average shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss
 per share............................................................    100

   The available unaudited selected financial data as of December 31, 1995 is
as follows:

Total assets............................................................ $2,095
Total long term obligations............................................. $  201

 PRIME RESPONSE MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
                             RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Prime Response's
consolidated financial statements, the related notes and the other financial
information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition to historical
information, the following discussion and other parts of this prospectus
contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties.
Prime Response's actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
by such forward-looking information due to competitive factors and other
factors discussed under "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this prospectus.

Overview

   Prime Response is a provider of integrated relationship marketing software
solutions that enable businesses with large customer bases to create, manage
and execute highly targeted Internet, wireless and traditional marketing
campaigns that build more loyal and profitable customer relationships. Prime
Response has over 13 years of experience in the use of technology to plan and
manage marketing programs. Prime Response was founded in 1987 in the United
Kingdom. Prior to 1999, its corporate headquarters was in London, England, and
its primary focus was on the European market. In 1998, Prime Response began to
increasingly target the North American market, and in July 1999, moved its
corporate headquarters to Cambridge, Massachusetts.

   Since 1995, Prime Response has incurred significant development costs to
develop its technology and new software products, particularly to introduce its
latest generation of Internet-based marketing management solutions. With the
introduction of these products, Prime Response anticipates that research and
development expenses will stabilize and will decrease as a percentage of total
revenues. Prime Response has expanded its direct sales force and increased
marketing expenditures relating to the introduction of its new product
offerings. Prime Response expects sales and marketing expenses to decrease as a
percentage of total revenues.

   Prime Response generates revenues principally from:

  . licensing its software products directly to clients;

  . providing related professional services, including implementation,
    consulting, support and training; and

  . providing applications hosting services, including providing marketing
    database outsourcing services.

   Prime Response's license agreements typically require its clients to pay an
upfront license fee for one or more software solutions for a specified number
of customer records in their database. The amount of the license fee varies
principally depending upon the size of the client's database and number of
databases. Clients can subsequently pay additional license fees to allow
additional entities within their corporate structure to access Prime Response's
applications, to purchase additional solutions or when the size of their
database increases.

 Revenue Recognition

   Prime Response sells software licenses under master license agreements and
recognizes revenue when the agreement has been signed, the software has been
delivered, the license fee is fixed or determinable, and collection of the
resulting receivable is probable. For license agreements which require customer
acceptance, license revenues are recognized only when obligations under the
license agreement are completed and the software has been accepted by the
customer. For license agreements in which Prime Response participates in
financing arrangements, the fee is not considered to be fixed or determinable
and revenue is recognized as payments become due. Prime Response provides
professional services to clients under service contracts and recognizes revenue
on a time and materials basis as the services are performed, provided that
amounts due from clients are fixed or determinable and deemed collectible by
management. These services are not essential to the functionality of the
software and are often performed by other parties. Support revenues, including
those bundled with the initial license fee, are deferred and recognized ratably
over the maintenance period. In the

event that a contract contains multiple elements, Prime Response allocates the
aggregate of the contract value to each element based on relative fair values
as established by vendor specific objective evidence. Vendor specific objective
evidence is based on recent sales prices. Prime Response provides applications
hosting services to clients and recognizes revenue as the services are
performed.

   The following table illustrates Prime Response's revenues for the years
ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999 and the nine months ended September 30,
1999 and September 30, 2000 by geographic region and in thousands:

                                                              Nine Months Ended
                                     Year Ended December 31,    September 30,
                                     ----------------------- -------------------
                                      1997    1998    1999    1999      2000
                                     ------- ------- ------- ------- -----------
                                                                     (unaudited)

North America....................... $    65 $ 4,370 $ 3,487 $ 2,152   $ 8,919
United Kingdom......................  10,117  12,025  15,758   9,908    11,771
Rest of the world...................      --     141   1,277   1,008     2,816
                                     ------- ------- ------- -------   -------
  Total............................. $10,182 $16,536 $20,522 $13,067   $23,506
                                     ======= ======= ======= =======   =======

 Accenture (formerly Andersen Consulting) Relationship

   On December 6, 1999, Prime Response entered into a joint marketing agreement
with Accenture, and, along with an affiliate of Accenture, a stock and warrant
purchase agreement. Pursuant to the stock and warrant purchase agreement, an
affiliate of Accenture purchased 428,000 shares of common stock and Accenture
received a warrant to purchase 682,000 shares of common stock. This warrant has
an exercise price of $9.35 per share and vested on September 9, 2000. The
aggregate purchase price paid by Accenture for the shares of common stock and
this warrant was $4.0 million. Accenture has no performance obligations under
the stock and warrant purchase agreement or this warrant.

   Prime Response recorded the stock at $9.35 per share. The fair value of the
stock is $4,622,400. Prime Response calculated the fair market value of the
warrants as of date of grant using the Black Scholes model with the following
assumptions: 7 year useful life (life of warrants), 6.07% risk-free interest
rate, zero dividends and 85.19% volatility. Based on this calculation, the
extended fair market value of the warrants is $6,536,080. In connection with
these issuances, Prime Response recorded an intangible asset of $7,010,000
which is equal to the excess of the aggregate fair market values of the common
stock and warrants over the purchase price. This asset is being amortized as a
non-cash sales and marketing expense over its estimated useful life of four
years, which reflects the term of the marketing agreement.

   Prime Response issued a performance warrant to purchase 375,000 shares of
common stock to Accenture. Of this amount, 300,000 shares will vest in share
increments determined by the extent to which $2.0 billion exceeds $357.8
million (which represents its market capitalization at the time of the initial
public offering). An additional 75,000 shares will vest in increments of 7,500
shares for each $100.0 million that its market capitalization exceeds $2.0
billion, up to a maximum market capitalization of $3.0 billion. This warrant
has an exercise price of $9.35 per share. As of September 30, 2000, there has
not been any vesting of the performance warrants mentioned above. Prime
Response also issued a performance warrant to purchase 375,000 shares of common
stock to Accenture which will vest in increments of 10,500 shares for each $1.0
million of sales resulting from joint marketing efforts up to $25.0 million and
then in increments of 4,500 shares of common stock for each $1.0 million of
sales from $25.0 million to $50.0 million. This warrant has an exercise price
of $9.35 per share. As of September 30, 2000, warrants to purchase 31,500
shares of Prime Response common stock underlying these warrants had vested.

   All of the warrants discussed above have a seven-year term. In the event
that the marketing agreement is terminated as a result of a breach by
Accenture, no further vesting under the warrants will occur, but those warrants
already exercisable will remain exercisable during their term to the extent
they are vested at the time of the termination.

   Prime Response is obligated to pay Accenture a commission if designated
sales targets are met. The first five transactions were paid at a commission
rate of 50%, and all subsequent transactions will be paid at a commission rate
of 20%. The first five transactions were completed during the second quarter
of 2000 and Prime Response paid $1.2 million to Accenture. During the third
quarter of 2000, as a result of an additional transaction, Prime Response
recorded a commission to Accenture in the amount of $150,000. The commissions
are included in sales and marketing expenses. In addition, if designated sales
targets are met, Accenture is obligated to provide up to $1.0 million in
funding for joint marketing efforts, business development personnel, structure
feedback and sales support. The majority of the approximately $1.4 million
worth of commission earned by Accenture in the nine months ended September 30,
2000 will be used to fund these activities. The expenditure of these funds
will be controlled by a committee comprised of both Accenture and Prime
Response Personnel.

   In addition, Prime Response is obligated to engage Accenture for consulting
services in connection with its services worth at least $1.0 million before
December 31, 2001. As of September 30, 2000, Prime Response had engaged
Accenture for approximately $700,000 worth of consulting services.

Results of Operations

   The following table sets out selected financial data as a percentage of
revenue for the periods indicated:

                                                              Nine Months
                                        Year Ended               Ended
                                       December 31,          September 30,
                                     ---------------------   ----------------
                                     1997    1998    1999     1999      2000
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------

Revenues:
  Software licenses.................  28.8%   51.4%   49.4%     40.4%    58.1%
  Services and support..............  24.5    25.5    31.8      36.0     31.7
  Applications hosting..............  46.7    23.1    18.8      23.6     10.2
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------
    Total revenues.................. 100.0   100.0   100.0     100.0    100.0
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------
Cost of revenues:
  Software licenses.................   0.8     0.9      --        --      0.3
  Services and support..............  30.0    39.2    22.0      24.9     24.8
  Applications hosting..............  18.9    15.0    13.5      15.9     11.1
  Non-cash cost of goods sold.......    --      --     0.6       0.7      0.4
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------
    Total cost of revenues..........  49.7    55.1    36.1      41.5     36.6
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------
Gross profit........................  50.3    44.9    63.9      58.5     63.4
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing...............  27.4    57.2    64.8      65.2     85.0
  Non-cash sales and marketing......    --      --     1.3       0.3      9.2
  Research and development..........  28.9    38.0    49.6      51.4     34.4
  Non-cash research and
   development......................    --      --     0.3       0.3      0.4
  General and administrative........  13.7    29.3    20.0      20.3     21.0
  Non-cash general and
   administrative...................    --      --     8.4      12.9      0.4
  Amortization of goodwill and other
   intangible assets................    --     7.7     6.1       7.1       --
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------
    Total operating expenses........  70.0   132.2   150.5     157.5    150.4
Other expense (income):
  Interest income...................  (1.5)   (1.3)   (0.6)     (0.5)    (6.5)
  Interest expense..................   2.2     1.8     0.9       0.7      1.2
  Interest expense related to
   beneficial conversion feature....    --      --    12.2      19.1       --
  Loss on foreign exchange..........   0.1     0.5     0.3       0.4     (0.1)
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------
Loss before income taxes............ (20.5)  (88.3)  (99.4)   (118.7)   (81.6)
Provision for income taxes..........  (1.6)     --    (0.1)      0.1     (0.3)
                                     -----   -----   -----   -------   ------
Net loss............................ (22.1)% (88.3)% (99.5)%  (118.8)%  (81.3)%
                                     =====   =====   =====   =======   ======

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2000 and 1999

Revenues

   Total revenues increased by $10.4 million, or 79.9%, to $23.5 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $13.1 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999.

   Software Licenses. Software license revenues increased by $8.4 million, or
158.7%, to $13.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $5.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999. Software license revenues
increased to 58.1% of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30,
2000 from 40.4% of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 1999.
The increase in software license revenues was due primarily to growing market
acceptance of Prime Response's Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com products
which were released for general availability during December 1999.

   Services and Support. Revenues from services and support increased by $2.7
million, or 58.0%, to $7.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000
from $4.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2000, these revenues were 31.7% of total revenues
compared to 36.0% during the nine months ended September 30, 1999. The dollar
increase in service and support revenues was due primarily to an increase in
the number of sales of software licenses, which resulted in increased demand
for services and sales of software maintenance and technical support.

   Applications Hosting. Revenues from applications hosting decreased by
$700,000, or 21.8%, to $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2000 from $3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999. These
revenues represented 10.2% of total revenues for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000 compared to 23.6% of total revenues for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999. The dollar decrease in applications hosting is
primarily due to reduced volume in services provided to clients during the nine
months ended September 30, 2000 as well as the expiration of certain contracts
at the end of 1999. During the nine months ended September 30, 2000 one new
contract was signed. The decrease as a percentage of revenues is due primarily
to the increase in revenues from software licenses as Prime Response continues
to shift its focus to increasing software license revenue.

Cost of Revenues

   Total cost of revenues increased by $3.2 million, or 58.7%, to $8.6 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $5.4 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 1999.

   Software License. Software license costs include the commission earned under
an OEM agreement for Prime Response's Prime@Vantage Optimizer product. These
costs were $79,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 compared to
none for the nine months ended September 30, 1999.

   Services and Support. Services and support costs include salary expenses and
other related costs for Prime Response's professional services, maintenance and
telephone support staffs, as well as third-party contractor expenses. Services
and support costs increased by $2.6 million, or 79.9%, to $5.8 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $3.2 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999. Services and support costs were 78.5% of total
revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 compared to 69.0% for the
nine months ended September 30, 1999. The increase in services and support
costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 was primarily due to (i)
implementation services provided to Prime Response's "early adopter" clients
and (ii) a lag in hiring professional service consultants which resulted in the
use of more expensive outside contractors to complete several implementations.

   Applications Hosting. Costs attributable to applications hosting consist
primarily of personnel-related costs and equipment maintained for the
provisions of services to clients. These costs increased by $0.5 million, or
24.5%, to $2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $2.1
million for the nine months ended September 30, 1999. These costs were 107.9%
of total revenues for the nine months ended

September 30, 2000 compared to 67.8% for the nine months ended September 30,
1999. The increase in these costs as a percentage of outsourcing revenue for
the nine months ended September 30, 2000 was primarily due to (i) costs
associated with the implementation of a disaster recovery system and (ii) the
decreasing revenue base.

   The non-cash cost of revenues decreased to $86,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000 from $89,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 1999.
This expense represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in
connection with the granting of stock options. The expense results from the
difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on
measurement date and the exercise price of the option, which is being
recognized over the vesting period.

Operating Expenses

   Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
salaries and other related costs for sales and marketing personnel, sales
commissions, travel, public relations and marketing materials and trade shows.
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $11.5 million, or 134.5%, to $20.0
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $8.5 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 1999. Sales and marketing expenses increased to
85.0% of total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from 65.2%
for the nine months ended September 30, 1999. The increase in such expenses
during the nine months ended September 30, 2000 was primarily due to: (i)
commission expenses of $1.4 million earned by Accenture during the nine months
ended September 30, 2000; and (ii) increases in staffing and personnel related
costs, as Prime Response continued to expand its direct sales force and expand
its presence in North America.

   The non-cash sales and marketing expenses increased to $2.2 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $35,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 1999. This expense represents (i) the amortization of stock
compensation in connection with the granting of stock options, which results
from the difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock
on measurement date and the exercise price of the option which is being
recognized over the vesting period; (ii) the amortization of the intangible
asset recorded in connection with the Accenture agreement; (iii) the value of
the 31,500 warrants earned by Accenture during the nine months ended September
30, 2000, and (iv) the value of the 40,000 stock options granted during the
nine months ended September 30, 2000 to members of the newly formed Marketing
Advisory Board.

   Research and Development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of personnel and equipment-related costs directly associated with the
development of both Prime Response's existing and future products. Research and
development expenses increased by $1.4 million, or 20.4%, to $8.1 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $6.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999. Research and development expenses decreased to 34.4%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from 51.4% for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999. The dollar increase in expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 reflects the spending on third party contractors who
perform quality assurance and support for earlier versions of Prime Response's
product and the acquisition of equipment to support research and development
activities. These research and development activities include new product
releases, integration efforts to integrate Prime Response's products with other
third party software products and porting and certification of its products
across multiple hardware platforms, operating systems and databases. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2000, Prime Response announced three new
product releases: Prime@Vantage Wireless, the first technology solution to
provide integrated 1:1 marketing capabilities via wireless channels;
Prime@Vantage Optimizer, a product which allows real-time optimization across
all eMarketing target channels and offers; and Marketing Mission Control, a
product which permits integration of application data and information sources
into a single interface. The percentage decrease in costs was primarily due to
(i) the completion of the development activity associated with Prime Response's
new Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com products, which occurred during the
year ended December 31, 1999, and (ii) the increase in Prime Response's revenue
base.

   The non-cash research and development expense was $94,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2000 and $34,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 1999. This expense represents the amortization of stock compensation
expense in connection with the granting of stock options. The expense results
from the difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock
on measurement date and the exercise price of the option, which is being
recognized over the vesting period.

   General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of employee salaries and related expenses for executive, finance and
administrative personnel as well as external professional fees, certain
centrally-borne costs and the provision for doubtful accounts. General and
administrative expenses increased by $2.3 million or 86.2%, to $5.0 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $2.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999. These expenses increased to 21.0% for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 from 20.3% for the nine months ended September 30,
1999. The increase in dollars and as a percentage of revenues was primarily
attributable to the $0.6 million provision for doubtful accounts that Prime
Response recorded in the third quarter of 2000 in connection with two license
sale receivables for which collectibility became uncertain during the third
quarter of 2000.

   The non-cash general and administrative expense decreased to $89,000 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $1.7 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999. This expense represents the amortization of stock
compensation expense in connection with the granting of stock options and
shares of restricted stock. The expense results from the difference between the
estimated fair market value of the common stock on measurement date and the
exercise price of the option, which is being recognized over the vesting
period. The $1.7 million expense for the nine months ended September 30, 1999
resulted from compensation expense related to shares of restricted stock which
were recorded on the grant date.

   Amortization of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Amortization expense
decreased by $900,000, or 100%, to none for the nine months ended September 30,
2000 from $900,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 1999. This expense
was solely attributable to the acquisition of certain intellectual property
rights and other intangible assets related to the MIND software product, which
are fully amortized.

   Interest Income. Interest income increased by $1.5 million, or 100%, to $1.5
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 from $62,000 for the nine
months ended September 30, 1999. The increase is due to interest income earned
on proceeds from Prime Response's initial public offering.

   Interest Expense. Interest expense increased to $300,000 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000 from $87,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
1999. The increase is primarily due to interest expense on Prime Response's
credit facility, which was obtained in November 1999 and terminated in June
2000.

   Interest Expense Related to Beneficial Conversion Feature. Interest expense
related to beneficial conversion feature was $2.5 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 1999. Interest expense related to beneficial conversion
feature for the nine months ended September 30, 1999 results from the issuance
of promissory notes which were immediately convertible into series C preferred
stock with the conversion amount determinable by dividing the principal amount
of the notes by $3.00, which represents a discount from the fair value of the
common stock on the date of issuance. The values attributable to the conversion
feature on each note represent an incremental yield, or a beneficial conversion
feature, which are recognized as additional interest on the notes.

Years Ended December 31, 1999 and 1998

Revenues

   Total revenues increased by $4.0 million, or 24.2%, to $20.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999 from $16.5 million for the year ended December 31,
1998.

   Software Licenses. Software license revenues increased by $1.6 million, or
18.8%, to $10.1 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $8.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 1998. Software license

revenues decreased slightly to 49.3% of total revenues for the year ended
December 31, 1999 from 51.5% of total revenues for the prior year. The dollar
increase in software license revenues was due primarily to growing market
acceptance of Prime Response's Prime Vantage products.

   Services and Support. Revenues from services and support increased by $2.3
million, or 54.8%, to $6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from
$4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 1998. These revenues increased to
31.7% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 25.5% of
total revenues for the previous year. The increase in service and support
revenues was due primarily to an increase in the number of sales of software
licenses, which resulted in increased demand for services and sales of software
maintenance and technical support.

   Applications Hosting. Revenues from applications hosting increased by
$40,000 or 1.0%, to $3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $3.8
million for the year ended December 31, 1998. These revenues represented 19.0%
of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to 23.0% of
total revenues for the prior year. Prime Response expects the proportion of
revenues attributable to applications hosting to decline as a percentage of
total revenues as it continues to focus on licensing its software products.

Cost of Revenues

   Total cost of revenues decreased by $1.7 million, or 18.7%, to $7.4 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $9.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 1998.

   Software Licenses. Software license costs consist primarily of expenses
incurred to translate software products and prepare related documents as well
as negligible expenses to manufacture, package and distribute Prime Response's
software products. Software license costs decreased by $152,000, or 100.0%, to
zero in the year ended December 31, 1999 from $152,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1998. Software license costs were zero percent of software license
revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to 1.8% of such revenues
for the prior year. The decrease in software license costs is primarily due to
the fact that costs associated with the translation of software products and
preparation of related documents occurred during 1997 and 1998.

   Services and Support. Services and support costs include salary expense and
other related costs for Prime Response's professional services, maintenance and
telephone support staffs, as well as third-party contractor expenses. Services
and support costs decreased by $2.0 million, or 30.8%, to $4.5 million in the
year ended December 31, 1999 from $6.5 million in the year ended December 31,
1998. Services and support costs were 69.2% of services and support revenues
for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to 154.8% of such revenues for
the prior year. The decrease in services and support costs was primarily due to
an initial overstaffing in this area in 1998 and investment in services and
support infrastructure. Prime Response reduced services and support staff in
the fourth quarter of 1998 in order to more closely align expenses with
revenues.

   Applications Hosting. Costs attributable to applications hosting consist
primarily of personnel-related costs and equipment maintained for the provision
of services to clients. These costs increased by $300,000, or 12.0%, to $2.8
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $2.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 1998. These costs were 72.4% of applications hosting
revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 compared to 65.3% of such
revenues for the prior year. Typically these costs have been relatively fixed.

   The non-cash cost of revenues increased to $113,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31, 1998. This expense
represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in connection with
the granting of stock options. The expense results from the difference between
the estimated fair market value of the common stock on measurement date and the
exercise price of the option which is being recognized over the vesting period.

Operating Expenses

   Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of
salaries and other related costs for sales and marketing personnel, sales
commissions, travel, public relations and marketing materials and trade shows.
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $3.8 million, or 40.0%, to $13.3
million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $9.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 1998. Sales and marketing expenses increased to 64.9% of
total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to 57.6% for the
prior year. The increase in such expenses was due primarily to increases in
staffing and personnel related costs, as Prime Response continued to expand its
direct sales force and expand its presence in North America.

   The non-cash sales and marketing expense increased to $266,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31, 1998. This
expense represents (i) the amortization of stock compensation expense in
connection with the granting of stock options, which results from the
difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on
measurement date and the exercise price of the option which is being recognized
over the vesting period; and (ii) the amortization of the intangible asset
recorded in connection with the Accenture agreement.

   Research and Development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of personnel and equipment-related costs directly associated with the
development of both Prime Response's existing and future products. Research and
development expenses increased by $3.9 million, or 61.9%, to $10.2 million for
the year ended December 31, 1999 from $6.3 million for the year ended December
31, 1998. Research and development expenses increased to 49.8% of total
revenues in the year ended December 31, 1999 from 38.2% for the prior year. The
dollar and percentage increase in costs was primarily due to significant
investment in Prime Response's new Prime@Vantage and Prime@Vantage.com
products.

   The non-cash research and development expense increased to $63,000 for the
year ended December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31, 1998.
This expense represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in
connection with the granting of stock options. The expense results from the
difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on
measurement date and the exercise price of the option which is being recognized
over the vesting period.

   General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of employee salaries and related expenses for executive, finance and
administrative personnel as well as external professional fees and certain
centrally-borne costs. General and administrative expenses decreased by
$700,000, or 14.6%, to $4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 1999 from
$4.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1998. These expenses decreased to
20.0% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 29.1% for the
prior year. This decrease was primarily attributable to a period of stability
following the recruitment and development of a professional management team in
1998. After closing a financing in October 1997, Prime Response incurred
significant costs in early 1998 creating an infrastructure to manage a larger
company and establishing its North American operations.

   The non-cash general and administrative expense increased to $1.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31,
1998. This expense represents the amortization of stock compensation expense in
connection with the granting of stock options and restricted shares. The
expense results from the difference between the estimated fair market value of
the common stock on measurement date and the exercise price of the option,
primarily resulting from imputed interest on a non-interest bearing loan which
is being recognized over the vesting period.

   Amortization of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Amortization expense
decreased by $30,000, or 2.3%, to $1.25 million for the year ended December 31,
1999 from $1.28 million for the year ended December 31, 1998. This expense is
solely attributable to the acquisition of certain intellectual property rights
and other intangible assets related to the MIND software product.

   Interest Income. Interest income decreased by $104,000, or 47.5%, to
$115,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $219,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1998.

   Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased by $110,000, or 37.4%, to
$184,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $294,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1998.

   Interest Expense Related to Beneficial Conversion Feature. Interest expense
related to beneficial conversion feature increased to $2.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 1999 from none for the year ended December 31, 1998.
Interest expense related to beneficial conversion feature for the year ended
December 31, 1999 results from the issuance of promissory notes which were
immediately convertible into series C preferred stock with the conversion
amount determinable by dividing the principal amount of the notes by $3.00,
which represents a discount from the fair value of the common stock on the date
of issuance. The values attributable to the conversion feature on each note
represent an incremental yield, or a beneficial conversion feature, which are
recognized as additional interest on the notes.

   Net Loss. As a result of the increases in revenue, operating expenses,
depreciation and amortization, and net interest expense noted above, Prime
Response's net loss increased by $5.8 million, or 39.7%, to $20.4 million for
the year ended December 31, 1999, compared with a net loss of $14.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 1998.

Years Ended December 31, 1998 and 1997

Revenues

   Total revenues increased by $6.3 million, or 61.8%, to $16.5 million for
1998 from $10.2 million for 1997. For 1998, the percent of total revenues
attributable to sales in North America was 26.4% and to sales in the rest of
the world was 73.6%, compared with 0.6% and 99.4%, respectively, in 1997,
reflecting the establishment of Prime Response's North American based
operations at the end of 1997 and increased sales in the United States in 1998.

   Software Licenses. Software license revenues increased by $5.6 million, or
193.1%, to $8.5 million in 1998 from $2.9 million in 1997. Software license
revenues increased to 51.5% of total revenues in 1998 from 28.4% of total
revenues in the prior year. The increase in software license fees was primarily
due to growing market acceptance of Prime Response's Prime @Vantage products
and the release of the Windows-based version of Prime Response's Prime Vantage
product.

   Services and Support. Services and support revenues increased by $1.7
million, or 68.0%, to $4.2 million in 1998 from $2.5 million in 1997. Services
and support revenues represented 25.5% of total revenues in 1998 and 24.5% of
total revenues in 1997. The dollar increase in services and support revenues
was due primarily to an increase in the number of sales of software licenses,
which resulted in increased demand for services and sales of software
maintenance and technical support.

   Applications Hosting. Revenues attributable to applications hosting
decreased by $1.0 million, or 20.8%, to $3.8 million in 1998 from $4.8 million
in 1997. This decrease reflected the loss of a single client for whom Prime
Response had provided database outsourcing services. Applications hosting
revenues decreased to 23.0% of total revenues in 1998 from 47.1% of total
revenues in the prior year.

Cost of Revenues

   Total cost of revenues increased by $4.0 million, or 78.4%, to $9.1 million
for 1998, from $5.1 million for 1997.

   Software Licenses. Software license costs increased by $69,000, or 83.1% to
$152,000 in 1998 from $83,000 in 1997. Software license costs were 1.8% of
software license revenues in 1998 compared to 2.9% of such revenues in 1997.

   Services and Support. Services and support costs increased by $3.4 million,
or 109.7%, to $6.5 million for 1998, from $3.1 million for 1997. Services and
support costs were 154.8% of services and support revenues in 1998 compared to
124% of such revenues in 1997. The increase in services and support costs was
primarily due to increased staffing and personnel related costs.

   Applications Hosting. Applications hosting costs increased by $600,000, or
31.6%, to $2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 1998, from $1.9 million
for the year ended December 31, 1997. Applications hosting costs were 65.8% of
applications hosting revenues in 1998 compared to 39.6% of such revenues in
1997, reflecting increases in salary costs and investment in the operational
infrastructure for the activities performed.

Operating Expenses

   Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses increased by $6.7 million,
or 239.3%, to $9.5 million in 1998, from $2.8 million in 1997. The increase in
sales and marketing expenses resulted primarily from the continued investment
in building a direct sales organization, establishing new sales offices and
building reseller channels, as well as increased marketing activities. Sales
and marketing expenses grew to 57.6% of total revenues in 1998 compared to
27.5% of such revenues in 1997, reflecting Prime Response's increased
investment in these activities.

   Research and Development. Research and development expenses increased by
$3.4 million, or 117.2%, to $6.3 million in 1998, from $2.9 million in 1997.
Research and development expenses represented 38.2% of total revenues in 1998
and 28.4% in 1997. This increase in research and development expenditures
reflected the significant investment Prime Response made during the period in
developing the Windows-based version of its Prime Vantage product and
commencing its new generation of Prime@Vantage products, including the hiring
of additional development personnel and acquisition of new equipment to support
research and development activities.

   General and Administrative. General and administrative expenses increased by
$3.4 million, or 242.9%, to $4.8 million in 1998 from $1.4 million in 1997.
General and administrative expenses were 29.1% of revenues in 1998 and 13.7% of
total revenues in 1997. The increase in general administrative expenditures was
due to staffing and related costs, the establishment of Prime Response's North
American operations and other investments and expenses necessary to support its
expanding operations.

   Amortization of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Amortization costs
increased to $1.3 million in 1998 from none in 1997. The increase is solely
attributable to the acquisition of certain intellectual property rights and
other intangible assets related to the MIND software product.

   Interest Income. Interest income increased by $64,000, or 41.3%, to $219,000
in 1998 from $155,000 in 1997.

   Interest Expense. Interest expense increased by $67,000, or 29.5%, to
$294,000 in 1998 from $227,000 in 1997.

   Net Loss. Net loss increased by $12.4 million, or 563.6%, to $14.6 million
for 1998, from $2.2 million for 1997.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   On March 3, 2000, Prime Response completed its initial public offering in
which Prime Response sold 3,500,000 shares of common stock at $18.00 per share.
During April 2000, the underwriters of the initial public offering exercised
their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 525,000 shares. Net
proceeds to Prime Response after deducting underwriting commissions and
estimated offering expenses were approximately

$65.4 million. Prior to the initial public offering, its primary source of
funding had been through the private sale of convertible preferred stock and
attached warrants. As of December 31, 1999, Prime Response had received
aggregate net proceeds of $39.1 million from private financings.

   In October 1999, Prime Response entered into a $5.0 million financing
arrangement with Greyrock Capital, a Bank of America company, providing an
upfront term loan of $2.0 million with the balance being funded against Prime
Response's receivables position within the United States and in the United
Kingdom. The arrangement had a 12-month renewable term. The $2.0 million that
was borrowed during 1999 was repaid during March 2000 with the proceeds from
the initial public offering. The credit facility was terminated during June
2000.

   Cash and cash equivalents were $32.1 million at September 30, 2000, compared
to $4.0 million at December 31, 1999, $500,000 at December 31, 1998 and $22.1
million at December 31, 1997. In addition, working capital at September 30,
2000, was $30.4 million compared to $(1.3) million at December 31, 1999. The
increase from December 31, 1999 is primarily attributable to the proceeds from
the initial public offering.

   Net cash used in operating activities was $19.3 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2000, compared to $7.5 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 1999, $11.2 million, $13.7 million and $1.5 million
during the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. The
majority of the cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended
September 30, 2000 results from costs incurred building an infrastructure to
penetrate the North American market.

   Capital expenditures were $2.0 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 2000 compared to $1.1 million during the nine months ended
September 30, 1999, $1.4 million, $1.1 million and $600,000 during the years
ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively. Prime Response has
entered into a ten-year lease agreement to lease approximately 15,000 square
feet of space in Brighton, Massachusetts. In connection with this move Prime
Response has also entered into a Construction Management Agreement to build out
this space for an estimated cost of approximately $1.0 million. Prime Response
intends to sublease or assign these premises. In addition, Prime Response
intends to continue to invest in its systems infrastructure to better support
its clients, improve the ongoing efficiency of its product development process
and facilitate internal communications and virtual team working.

   Net cash provided by financing activities was $49.4 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 2000 compared to $10.6 million during the nine
months ended September 30, 1999, $16.1 million, ($3.9) million and $23.7
million during the years ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997, respectively.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2000, Prime Response completed its
initial public offering and received net proceeds of $65.4 million after
deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses. From these net
proceeds, Prime Response repaid certain indebtedness totaling $6.3 million and
paid dividends and participation payments on the preferred stock totaling $10.5
million.

   Prime Response's strategic initiatives include (i) the rollout of its
software products: Prime@Vantage, Prime@Vantage.com, Prime@Vantage Wireless,
Prime@Vantage Optimizer and Marketing Mission Control; (ii) the integration of
Prime Response's products with various other third party software products and
platforms and (iii) the expansion of its North American operations. These
initiatives as well as personnel additions and the funding of operating losses
will require a substantial amount of working capital.

   Prime Response is obligated to engage Accenture for consulting services of
at least $1.0 million during the period from contract execution to December 31,
2001. As of September 30, 2000, Prime Response had engaged Accenture for
approximately $700,000 worth of consulting services. In addition, if designated
sales targets are met, Accenture is obligated to provide up to $1.0 million in
funding for joint marketing efforts, business development personnel, structure
feedback and sales support. None of these funds have been expended as of
September 30, 2000. The expenditure of these funds will be controlled by a
committee comprised of both Accenture and Prime Response personnel.

   Prime Response has evaluated its cost structure and plans to streamline its
operations in an effort to restructure costs associated with its business in
order to improve operating margins and reduce overall expenses. This
restructuring included limited reductions in employee headcount during January
2001 and is expected to include the closing of sales offices in San Francisco,
California and Minneapolis, Minnesota. Prime Response will continue to evaluate
its business and take limited actions designed to align its cost structure with
anticipated future revenue levels.

   As a result of Prime Response's losses, it does not expect to pay U.S.
income taxes in the foreseeable future.

   Prime Response believes that its existing balance of cash and cash
equivalents will be sufficient to meet its working capital and anticipated
capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. Thereafter, Prime
Response may require additional sources of funds to continue to support its
business. There can be no assurance that such capital, if needed, will be
available or will be available on terms which Prime Response finds acceptable.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In December 1999, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, commonly
referred to as SAB 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements." SAB 101
summarizes the SEC's view in applying U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles to selected revenue recognition issues. The application of the
guidance in SAB 101 (as amended by SAB 101A and SAB 101B) will be required in
the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2000. The effects of applying this
guidance, if any, will be reported as a cumulative effect adjustment resulting
from a change in accounting principle. Prime Response does not anticipate that
the implementation of SAB 101 will have a material adverse impact on its
financial statements.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

   Prime Response does not engage in trading market risk sensitive instruments
or purchasing hedging instruments or "other than trading" instruments that are
likely to expose it to market risk, whether interest rate, foreign, currency
exchange, commodity price or equity price risk. Prime Response has not
purchased options or entered into swaps or forward or future contracts.

                           PRIME RESPONSE MANAGEMENT

Directors and Executive Officers

   The following sets forth information regarding the executive officers and
directors of Prime Response as of December 31, 2000.

              Name            Age                 Position
              ----            ---                 --------

   Peter J. Boni............. 55  President, Chief Executive Officer and
                                   Director

   Terence H. Osborne(1)(2).. 62  Chairman of the Board

                                  Chief Technology Officer (resigned) and
   James Carling(3).......... 40  Director

   William E. Ford(2)........ 39  Director

   Marc F. McMorris(1)....... 32  Director

   William W. Wyman(1)(2).... 62  Director

   Frederick H. Phillips..... 51  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                   Officer, Treasurer and Secretary

   Paul B. Lavallee(4)....... 46  President, the Americas (resigned)

   Allen A. A. Swann......... 50  President, International

   Gary Daniels.............. 46  Vice President, Product Development

   James P. Plantan.......... 43  Vice President, Business Development

   Steven Gal................ 34  Vice President, Marketing

- --------
(1) Member of the Audit Committee.

(2) Member of the Compensation Committee.

(3) Mr. Carling resigned as Prime Response's Chief Technology Officer on
    January 12, 2001.

(4) Mr. Lavallee resigned as Prime Response's President, the Americas on
    January 12, 2001.

   Peter J. Boni has served as Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
of Prime Response since February, 1999. Mr. Boni recently tendered his
resignation to Prime Response and does not intend to work for Prime Response or
Chordiant after the consummation of the merger. Prior to joining Prime
Response, Mr. Boni held executive management positions at several companies
including President and Chief Executive Officer of Cayenne Software from August
1993 to January 1998, President of the Software and Information Services Group
of Paramount Communications Inc., an entertainment and publishing company, from
April 1990 to July 1993 and President of On-line Software International, from
March 1989 to March 1990. Mr. Boni had previously been Chief Executive Officer
at Summa Four, Inc., a provider of telecommunications equipment, and held
executive positions at Data General Corporation, a provider of storage and
enterprise computing solutions.

   Terence H. Osborne has served as a Director of Prime Response since November
1997, and as the Chairman of the Board since February 1999. He also served as
Prime Response's Chief Executive Officer on an interim basis from September
1998 to February 1999. Mr. Osborne previously served as the Chairman of the
Board of Dr. Solomon's Group PLC, a software company, from September 1996 to
August 1998. From September 1994 to October 1996, Mr. Osborne served as
President of System Software Associates Inc. Prior to that time, Mr. Osborne
held a variety of positions with IBM Corporation in both the United States and
Europe including Vice President General Systems Division and Vice President
Marketing for Europe. Mr. Osborne is a director of Mapics Inc., a provider of
e-business enterprise applications, and Dendrite International Inc., a provider
of sales solutions and support services for the pharmaceutical industry. He
also serves on the advisory boards of other US and European software companies
and is a Special Advisor to General Atlantic Partners, LLC, an affiliate of
Prime Response.

   James Carling co-founded Prime Response's predecessor entity in 1990 and
currently serves as a director. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Carling served as Chief
Technology Officer of Prime Response and from 1990 to 1998, he served as its
President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to that time, Mr. Carling served
as Director, Computer Services and as General Manager of Mailforce Limited, a
direct marketing company. Mr. Carling has also held various positions as a
developer of information technology with both American Express and the British
Government.

   William E. Ford has served as a director of Prime Response since October
1997. Mr. Ford has served as a managing member of General Atlantic Partners,
LLC (or its predecessor), a private equity firm, and an affiliate of Prime
Response, that invests globally in information technology companies, since
1991. Mr. Ford also serves as a director of Priceline.com, Inc., a provider of
Internet pricing systems, E*Trade Group, Inc., a provider of Internet financial
services, Eclipsys Corporation, a software company, LHS Group Inc., a software
company, Tickets.com, Inc., a provider of business-to-business ticketing
solutions, Quintiles Transnational Corp., an information technology company,
and several private information technology companies.

   Frederick H. Phillips joined Prime Response in October 1999 as Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Phillips
recently tendered his resignation to Prime Response and does not intend to work
for Prime Response or Chordiant after the consummation of the merger. Prior to
joining Prime Response, Mr. Phillips served as Vice President, Finance &
Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Cayenne Software from July 1996
to November 1998. From October 1988 to February 1995, Mr. Phillips served as
the Assistant Treasurer at Lotus Development Corporation, a software company
and subsidiary of IBM Corporation. Prior to that time, Mr. Phillips held
various positions, including Vice President, Corporate Development Division and
Vice President, National Banking Department at Mellon Bank.

   Paul B. Lavallee joined Prime Response in October 1999 as President, the
Americas. Prior to joining Prime Response, Mr. Lavallee served as an Executive
Vice President at FirePond, Inc., an e-business, sales and marketing company,
from May 1998 to March 1999. From May 1995 to May 1998, Mr. Lavallee served as
President, Americas at System Software Associates, Inc. From February 1990 to
May 1995. Mr. Lavallee served as the President of Effective Management Systems
Inc., a provider of business management software. Mr. Lavallee resigned from
his position with Prime Response on January 12, 2001.

   Allen A. A. Swann joined Prime Response in February 1998 as Senior Vice
President, International Operations and has served as President, International,
since October 1999. Prior to joining Prime Response, Mr. Swann served as the
Director of Sales and the Director of Alliances at Oracle UK Ltd., a software
company, from April 1986 to January 1998. Mr. Swann was previously employed at
Comshare, a provider of financial and database modeling solutions, and at
British Gas, where he worked in the operational research division.

   Gary Daniels joined Prime Response in November 1998 as Vice President,
Product Development. From October 1997 to November 1998, Mr. Daniels served as
Senior Vice President of Product Development at Armature Ltd., a provider of
integrated retail solutions. From December 1986 to October 1997, Mr. Daniels
held various senior management positions at The Santa Cruz Operation Ltd., a
provider of server software, including Vice President of the Platform Products
Division and Vice President of the European Product Development Centre. Mr.
Daniels previously served as Group Director of Logica Software Products Ltd.

   Marc F. McMorris has served as a director of Prime Response since March
2000. Mr. McMorris is a Principal with General Atlantic Partners, LLC, an
affiliate of Prime Response, and has been with General Atlantic since July
1999. From May 1998 to August 1999, Mr. McMorris served as a Vice President in
the High Technology Group of Goldman, Sachs & Co., an investment bank. From
June 1996 to May 1998, Mr. McMorris served as an Associate in that same group.
From August 1994 to June 1996, Mr. McMorris served as an Associate in the
Mergers, Acquisitions and Restructuring Department of Morgan Stanley Dean
Witter, an investment bank. Prior to that time, Mr. McMorris worked in the Bank
Supervision Group of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

   William W. Wyman has served as a director of Prime Response since July 2000.
Mr. Wyman works as an individual business advisor for companies in the
financial services, information services and software industries. Mr. Wyman
also serves as a director of SS&C Technologies, a provider of financial
software, U.S. Timberlands Company, LP, a partnership that owns timber
properties, Predictive Systems, an network infrastructure consulting firm, and
Pegasystems, a software company.

   James P. Plantan joined Prime Response in September 1999 as Vice President,
Business Development. Prior to joining Prime Response, Mr. Plantan served as
the Director of Strategic Alliances and Customer Relationship Management for
Information Advantage, a software company, from July 1996 to August 1999. Mr.
Plantan previously served as the Director of Partnership Marketing at Danmark
International, an information based direct marketing company, from March 1990
to April 1996. Prior to that time, Mr. Plantan was employed as a manager at
Accenture, formerly Andersen Consulting.

   Steven Gal joined Prime Response in March 2000 as Vice President, Marketing.
Prior to joining Prime Response, Mr. Gal served as Vice President of Marketing
at Inference Corporation, a provider of e-service and e-merchandising software
and services, from 1997 to 1999. From 1995 to 1997, Mr. Gal served as Co-
founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Semio Corporation, a software
company.

Board Composition

   Prime Response's board of directors is divided into three staggered classes,
each of whose members serve for a three-year term. The board consists of two
Class I Directors (Messrs. Boni and McMorris), two Class II Directors (Messrs.
Ford and Wyman) and two Class III Directors (Messrs. Osborne and Carling). At
each annual meeting of stockholders, a class of directors will be elected for a
three-year term to succeed the directors of the same class whose terms are then
expiring. The terms of the Class I Directors, Class II Directors and Class III
Directors will expire upon the election and qualification of successor
directors at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held during calendar
years 2001, 2002 and 2003, respectively.

Board Committees

   The board of directors has a compensation committee composed of Messrs.
Wyman, Ford and Osborne, which makes recommendations concerning salaries and
incentive compensation for Prime Response's employees and administers and
grants stock options under its stock option plans. The board also has an audit
committee composed of Messrs. Wyman, McMorris and Osborne, which reviews the
scope and results of the audit and other services provided by its independent
public auditors.

Director Compensation

   Prime Response reimburses each director for reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in attending meetings of the board of directors and any of
its committees. Non-employee directors are eligible to receive compensation for
services performed in their capacity as directors and for formula option grants
under Prime Response's 1999 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan. Mr. Wyman
and Mr. Osborne receive compensation for their services as non-employee
directors.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

   The current members of Prime Response's compensation committee are Messrs.
Wyman, Ford and Osborne. Mr. Osborne was Prime Response's President and Chief
Executive Officer from September 1998 to February 1999. No executive officer
has served as a director or member of the compensation committee, or other
committee serving an equivalent function, of any entity whose executive
officers served as a member of the compensation committee of its board of
directors. Prior to the formation of the compensation committee, the board of
directors as a whole made decisions relative to the compensation of executive
officers. For a description of transactions between Prime Response and certain
entities affiliated with Mr. Ford, see "Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions of Prime Response" below.

Marketing Advisory Board

   In April 2000, Prime Response established a Marketing Advisory Board. The
board was established to assist Prime Response with its sales and marketing
strategies. Each of the four members of the board were issued options to
purchase 10,000 shares of Prime Response common stock. These options were fully
vested upon issuance.

Executive Compensation

   The following table presents the total compensation paid or accrued in 2000
for Prime Response's chief executive officer and its other most highly
compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers on
December 31, 2000 and whose total annual salary and bonuses were in excess of
$100,000 in 2000.

        Summary Compensation Table for Prime Response Executive Officers

                                                                   Long-term
                                   Annual Compensation        Compensation Awards
                              ------------------------------  -------------------
   Name and Principal                           Other Annual      Securities
        Position         Year  Salary   Bonus   Compensation  Underlying Options
   ------------------    ---- -------- -------- ------------  -------------------

Peter J. Boni(1)........ 2000 $300,000 $ 96,563   $149,492(2)            --
 President and Chief
  Executive Officer      1999 $276,000 $ 72,500   $103,019(2)       636,225

James Carling........... 2000 $250,000 $ 42,188         --               --
 Chief Technology
  Officer(3)             1999 $248,543 $ 30,000         --               --
                         1998 $247,500 $ 20,213

Paul B. Lavallee(4)..... 2000 $250,000 $ 96,042         --           20,000
 President, the Americas 1999 $ 45,775 $ 15,620         --               --

Allen A. A. Swann....... 2000 $223,695 $132,138         --            4,423
 President,
  International          1999 $208,782 $126,535         --           82,198
                         1998 $208,782 $ 45,746         --          105,000

Gary Daniels............ 2000 $210,000 $ 71,769         --               --
 Vice President, Product
  Development            1999 $208,782 $ 56,489         --          105,000
                         1998 $ 17,397       --         --               --

- --------
(1) Mr. Boni joined Prime Response in February 1999 as Chief Executive Officer,
  President and a director of Prime Response and recently tendered his
  resignation to Prime Response.

(2) Consists solely of imputed interest on a non interest bearing loan of
   $2,544,900 from Prime Response.

(3) Mr. Carling resigned as Chief Technology Officer on January 12, 2001.

(4) Mr. Lavallee joined Prime Response in October 1999 as President, the
  Americas and resigned on January 12, 2001.

Option Grants in Fiscal Year 2000

   The following table sets forth grants of stock options for the year ended
December 31, 2000 to Prime Response's chief executive officer and to each of
its other most highly compensated executive officers whose salary and bonus for
such fiscal year were in excess of $100,000. Prime Response has never granted
any stock appreciation rights. The potential realizable value is calculated
based on the term of the option at its time of grant. It is calculated assuming
that the fair market value of common stock on the date of grant appreciates at
the indicated annual rate compounded annually for the entire term of the option
and that the option is exercised and sold on the last day of its term for the
appreciated stock price. These numbers are calculated based on the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and do not reflect Prime Response's
estimate of future stock price growth. Actual gains, if any, on stock option
exercises are dependent on the future

performance of the common stock and overall stock market conditions. The
amounts reflected in the table may not necessarily be achieved. The percentage
of total options granted to employees in the last fiscal year is based on
options to purchase an aggregate of 1,387,262 shares of common stock granted
under Prime Response's option plans.

                                     Individual Grants(1)
                         ---------------------------------------------
                                                                       Potential Realizable
                                                                         Value at Assumed
                         Number of   Percent of                        Annual Rates of Stock
                         Securities Total Options                       Price Appreciation
                         Underlying  Granted to   Exercise              for Option Term(2)
                          Options   Employees in  Price Per Expiration ---------------------
                         Granted(1)  Fiscal Year    Share      Date        5%        10%
                         ---------- ------------- --------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Peter J. Boni...........       --         --           --         --           --         --
James Carling...........       --         --           --         --           --         --
Paul B. Lavallee........   20,000          1%      $9.375    7/20/10   $  117,918 $  298,827
Allen A. A. Swann.......    2,282          *       $10.80    1/31/10   $   15,499    $39,279
                              891          *       $12.00    2/15/10       $6,724    $17,040
                            1,250          *       $18.00     3/2/10      $14,150    $35,859
Gary Daniels............       --         --           --         --           --         --

- --------
 * Less than 1%.
(1) Each option represents the right to purchase one share of common stock. The
    options shown in this column were granted pursuant to Prime Response's 1998
    Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan. The options shown in this table, except
    as otherwise indicated below, become exercisable at a rate of 25% annually
    over a four year period from the date of grant. The first 25% vests on the
    first anniversary of the date of grant, and the remainder vests in equal
    installments over the next 36 months.

(2) These assumed rates of appreciation are required by the rules of the
    Securities and Exchange Commission and do not represent predictions as to
    actual stock performance.

Fiscal Year-End Option Values

   The following table sets forth information with respect to unexercised
options held as of December 31, 2000 by Prime Response's chief executive
officer and by each of its other most highly compensated executive officers
whose salary and bonus were in excess of $100,000 in 2000. As of December 31,
2000, neither the chief executive officer of Prime Response nor its other most
highly compensated executive officers held unexercised in-the-money options.

                                                         Number of Securities
                                                        Underlying Unexercised
                                                        Options at Fiscal Year
                                 Shares                        End (#)
                              Acquired on     Value     ------------------------
   Name                       Exercise (#) Realized ($)   Vested     Unvested
   ----                       ------------ ------------ ----------- ------------

   Peter J. Boni.............        --           --              0           0
   James Carling.............        --           --              0           0
   Paul B. Lavallee..........    30,000      160,000         40,000     100,000
   Allen A. A. Swann.........        --           --        100,433      91,187
   Gary Daniels..............        --           --         39,375      65,625

Stock Incentive Plans

   1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan. Prime Response's 1998 Stock
Option/Stock Issuance Plan was adopted by its board of directors on April 22,
1998. As of December 31, 2000, options to purchase an aggregate of 2,133,607
shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $6.88 per share
were outstanding under the 1998 plan. As of December 31, 2000, 796,247 shares
of common stock had been issued upon exercise of options outstanding under the
1998 plan.

   The 1998 plan is divided into two separate equity programs:

  . The option grant program under which eligible persons may be granted
    options intended to qualify under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue
    Code of 1986, as amended, commonly referred to as the Code, as non-
    statutory options; and

  . The stock issuance program under which eligible persons may be issued
    shares of common stock directly, either through immediate purchase or as
    a bonus for services rendered, referred to as an "Award".

   Awards may be made to any employee, non-employee member of the board of
either the company, or any subsidiary, or consultants and other independent
advisors to the company or any subsidiary. Under present law, however,
incentive stock options may only be granted to employees. No participant may
receive an Award for more than 1,000,000 shares in any calendar year.

   Prime Response may grant options at an exercise price less than, equal to
or greater than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of
grant. Under present law, incentive stock options and options intended to
qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code may
not be granted at an exercise price less than the fair market value of the
common stock on the date of grant (or less than 110% of the fair market value
in the case of incentive stock options granted to optionees holding more than
10% of the voting power of Prime Response). The 1998 plan permits the Prime
Response board of directors to determine how optionees may pay the exercise
price of their options, including by cash, check or in connection with a
"cashless exercise" through a broker, by surrender of shares of common stock,
by delivery of a promissory note, or by any combination of the permitted forms
of payment.

   Prime Response's board of directors administers the 1998 plan. It has the
authority to adopt, amend and repeal the administrative rules, guidelines and
practices relating to the 1998 plan. It may delegate authority under the 1998
plan to one or more committees of the board of directors and, subject to
certain limitations, to one or more of its executive officers. The board of
directors has authorized the compensation committee to administer the 1998
plan, including the granting of options to executive officers. Subject to any
applicable limitations contained in the 1998 plan, the board of directors, the
compensation committee or any other committee or executive officer to whom the
board of directors delegates authority, as the case may be, selects the
recipients of awards and determines:

  . the number of shares of common stock covered by options and the dates
    upon which such options become exercisable;

  . the exercise price of options;

  . the duration of options; and

  . the number of shares of common stock subject to any restricted stock or
    other stock-based awards and the terms and conditions of such awards,
    including the conditions for repurchase, issue price and repurchase
    price.

   In the event of a merger or consolidation in which more than 50% of the
combined voting power of Prime Response's shares are transferred or the sale,
transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of its assets, all Awards
will automatically vest, except for shares subject to an outstanding option
if:

  . the option is assumed by any successor company in the merger or
    consolidation; or

  . the option is replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor
    company which preserves the value of the spread existing on unvested
    options at the time of the transaction.

   Upon a change in control of Prime Response, all options granted pursuant to
the 1998 plan prior to November 1, 2000 will become fully vested in the event
of an involuntary termination of the optionee within eighteen months of the
date of such change in control of Prime Response. In such circumstances, the
optionee will have one year from the date of his or her termination to
exercise that option.

   The term "Involuntary Termination" is defined as the termination of the
optionee's services by reason of the optionee's involuntary dismissal or
discharge by Prime Response for reasons other than "Misconduct" (as defined in
the 1998 plan); or the optionee's voluntary resignation following (a) a change
in the optionee's position with Prime Response (or any parent or subsidiary of
Prime Response) which materially reduces the optionee's duties and
responsibilities or the level of management to which he or she reports, (b) a
reduction in the optionee's level of compensation (including base salary,
fringe benefits and target bonuses under any corporate-performance based
incentive and target programs) by more than 15% or (c) a relocation of the
optionee's place of employment by more than fifty (50) miles, provided and only
if such change, reduction or relocation is effected by Prime Response without
the optionee's consent.

   No Award may be granted under the 1998 plan after April 22, 2008, but the
vesting and effectiveness of Awards previously granted may extend beyond that
date. The board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the 1998 plan or
any portion thereof at any time.

   1999 Outside Director Stock Option Plan. Prime Response's 1999 Outside
Director Stock Option Plan was adopted by its board of directors in November
1999 and approved by its stockholders in January 2000. Under the terms of the
Director Plan, directors who are not employees of Prime Response or its
subsidiaries receive nonstatutory options to purchase shares of its common
stock. A total of 200,000 shares of Prime Response common stock may be issued
upon exercise of options granted under the Director Plan. As of December 31,
2000, options to purchase an aggregate of 80,000 shares of common stock at a
weighted average exercise price of $18.27 per share were outstanding under the
1999 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan. As of December 31, 2000, no shares of
common stock had been issued upon exercise of options outstanding under this
plan.

   The board of directors administers the Director Plan. The board of directors
has the authority to adopt, amend and repeal the administrative rules,
guidelines and practices relating to the Director Plan. Under the terms of the
Director Plan, each non-employee director continuing as a director following
this offering will receive an option to purchase 20,000 shares of Prime
Response common stock on the effective date of this offering at a price per
share equivalent to the public offering price. In addition, each such non-
employee director will receive an option to purchase 10,000 shares of Prime
Response common stock on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders
commencing with the 2000 annual meeting of stockholders, at an exercise price
per share equal to the closing price of its common stock on the date of grant.
In addition, individuals who become directors after this offering and are not
Prime Response's employees will receive an option to purchase 20,000 shares of
common stock on the date of his or her initial election to the board of
directors and an option to purchase 10,000 shares of Prime Response common
stock on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders after his or her
election. The exercise price per share of such options will be the closing
price per share of Prime Response common stock on the date of the grant. All
options granted under the Director Plan will be fully vested upon grant.

   1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Prime Response 1999 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan was adopted by its board of directors in November 1999, and
approved by its stockholders in January 2000. The 1999 plan authorizes the
issuance of up to a total of 300,000 shares of common stock to participating
employees.

   All of Prime Response's employees, including its directors who are
employees, and all employees of any participating subsidiaries, other than
employees who are "highly compensated" within the meaning of Section 414(a) of
the Code, whose customary employment is more than 20 hours per week for more
than five months in any calendar year, are eligible to participate in the 1999
plan. Employees who would immediately after the grant own five percent or more
of the total combined voting power or value of its stock or any subsidiary are
not eligible to participate.

   On the first day of a designated payroll deduction period, known as the
offering period, Prime Response will grant to each eligible employee who has
elected to participate in the 1999 plan an option to purchase

shares of common stock as follows: the employee may authorize an amount (up to
10% of such employee's base pay) to be deducted from such employee's base pay
during the offering period. On the last day of the offering period, the
employee is deemed to have exercised the option, at the option exercise price,
to the extent of accumulated payroll deductions. Under the terms of the 1999
plan, the option price is an amount equal to 85% of the average market price
(as defined) per share of the common stock on either the first day or the last
day of the offering period, whichever is lower. In no event may an employee
purchase in any one offering period a number of shares which exceeds the number
of shares determined by dividing the product of (i) $2,083 and (ii) the number
of months in the offering period by the closing market price of a share of
common stock on the commencement date of the offering period or such other
number as may be determined by the board prior to the commencement date of the
offering period. The compensation committee may, in its discretion, choose an
offering period of 12 months or less for each offering and may choose a
different offering period for each offering.

   An employee who is not a participant on the last day of the offering period,
as a result of voluntary withdrawal or termination of employment or for any
other reason, is not entitled to exercise any option, and the employee's
accumulated payroll deductions will be refunded. However, upon termination of
employment because of death, the employee's beneficiary has certain rights to
elect to exercise the option to purchase the shares that the accumulated
payroll deductions in the participant's account would purchase at the date of
death.

   Because participation in the 1999 plan is voluntary, Prime Response cannot
now determine the number of shares of common stock to be purchased by any
particular current executive officer, by all current executive officers as a
group or by non-executive employees as a group.

401(k) Plan

   Prime Response offers a 401(k) plan to Prime Response's United States
employees who meet certain defined requirements. Under the terms of the 401(k)
plan, eligible employees may elect to make tax-deferred contributions, and
Prime Response may match 25% of the lesser of the contributing employee's
elective deferral or 4% of the contributing employee's total salary. During
1998, 1999 and 2000, Prime Response contributed approximately $11,000, $20,000
and $63,000 respectively, to the 401(k) plan. Prime Response made no
contributions during 1997.

Employment Agreements

   On January 13, 1999, Prime Response entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Boni. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Boni receives an annual
base salary of $290,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance bonus
of up to 50% of his annual base salary. The agreement also provides that Mr.
Boni's employment may be terminated by either Mr. Boni or Prime Response at any
time. If Mr. Boni's employment is terminated without cause, or in the event of
an acquisition Mr. Boni is asked to take a position of lesser responsibility,
Mr. Boni is entitled to receive 12 months of base salary and bonus as well as
his current benefit package. In addition, Prime Response granted Mr. Boni an
option to purchase 636,225 shares of its common stock, subject to certain
restrictions on its transfer, at a per share exercise price of $4.00. Mr. Boni
also was granted an interest free loan to exercise his option. In the event of
a change in control of Prime Response, all of the restrictions on Mr. Boni's
stock will terminate. Mr. Boni recently tendered his resignation to Prime
Response and does not intend to work for Prime Response or Chordiant after the
merger is completed.

   On November 10, 1999, Prime Response entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Carling. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Carling receives an
annual base salary of $250,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance
bonus of up to 30.0% of his annual base salary. On January 12, 2001, Mr.
Carling resigned as Prime Response's Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Carling
resigned as Prime Response's Chief Technology Officer on January 12, 2001.

   On February 2, 1998, Prime Response entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Swann. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Swann receives an annual
base salary of (Pounds)140,000, approximately $208,782 at

an exchange rate of $1.4913 to (Pounds)l.00, and a discretionary bonus based
primarily on sales performance. Mr. Swann's employment may be terminated by
either party upon six months' notice, although Prime Response may elect to pay
Mr. Swann in lieu of any notice period. Moreover, in lieu of any six-month
notice period, Prime Response may place Mr. Swann on "gardening leave," during
which time Mr. Swann would cease to perform his job responsibilities, but would
nevertheless be prohibited from undertaking other employment. In addition,
pursuant to a letter dated June 16, 2000, Mr. Swann's options will vest in full
on June 30, 2001. Under the terms of a letter agreement between Chordiant and
Allen Swann, Prime Response's current President, International, dated January
18, 2001, conditional upon the merger being completed, Mr. Swann will be
employed by Chordiant as Executive Operations Officer of Worldwide Field
Operations. Under the terms of this agreement, Mr. Swann's annual base salary
will be $275,000, he will be eligible to earn up to an additional $725,000 in
discretionary incentive compensation, to be paid quarterly, and he will be
eligible to receive a $300,000 retention bonus after he has completed 3 months
of employment with Chordiant after the merger is completed. Pursuant to the
terms of the agreement and subject to approval of the Chordiant board of
directors, Mr. Swann will also be eligible to receive options to acquire
approximately 196,000 shares of Chordiant common stock.

   On November 30, 1998, Prime Response entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Daniels. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Daniels receives an
annual base salary of (Pounds)140,000, approximately $208,782 at an exchange
rate of $1.4913 to (Pounds)l.00, and a discretionary bonus paid primarily on
company earnings. Mr. Daniels' employment may be terminated by either party
upon six months' notice. Prime Response may elect to pay Mr. Daniels in lieu of
any notice period or may place Mr. Daniels on "gardening leave," during which
time Mr. Daniels would cease to perform his job responsibilities, but would
nevertheless be prohibited from undertaking other employment. Under the terms
of a letter agreement between Chordiant and Gary Daniels, Prime Response's
current Vice President, Product Development, dated January 5, 2001, conditional
upon the merger being completed, Mr. Daniels will be employed by Chordiant as
Vice President of Engineering. Under the terms of this agreement, Mr. Daniels'
annual base salary will be $210,000 and he will be eligible to earn up to 50%
of his base salary in incentive compensation. Pursuant to the terms of the
agreement and subject to the approval of the Chordiant board of directors, Mr.
Daniels will also be eligible to receive options to acquire approximately
213,000 shares of Chordiant common stock.

   On October 22, 1999, Prime Response entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Lavallee. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Lavallee receives an
annual base salary of $250,000 and is eligible for incentive compensation equal
to 50% of his annual base salary. If Mr. Lavallee's employment is terminated
without cause, or if Mr. Lavallee is asked to take a position of lesser
responsibility or is not granted a promotion in the event that a higher
position is created or vacated, he is entitled to receive 12 months of base
salary and bonus, as well the continuation of his benefit package for the 12-
month period. In addition, Prime Response granted Mr. Lavallee an option to
purchase 150,000 shares of its common stock at a per share exercise price of
$6.66. Twenty percent of that option (30,000 shares) vested immediately. The
remaining eighty percent of the option (120,000 shares) will vest in accordance
with the terms of Prime Response's 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan. In
the event of a change of control, if Mr. Lavallee's employment is terminated,
or if he is asked to assume a position of lesser responsibility, Mr. Lavallee's
option shall become 100% vested and he will receive paid health and life
insurance for one year. On January 8, 2001, Mr. Lavallee resigned as Prime
Response's President, Americas. Mr. Lavallee resigned as Prime Response's
President, the Americas on January 12, 2001.

   On October 21, 1999, Prime Response entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Phillips. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Phillips receives an
annual base salary of $180,000 and is eligible for an incentive bonus equal to
35% of his annual base salary. On October 13, 2000, Prime Response and Mr.
Phillips entered an agreement which modified the agreement dated October 21,
1999. Under the terms of that agreement, in the event that Mr. Phillips is
terminated as a result of a change in control or is offered a position that is
not substantially equivalent to and in the same general geographic location as
his current position, he is entitled to his base salary and bonus for a period
of one year. Moreover, should Mr. Phillips be terminated as a result of a

change in control, his options to purchase shares of Prime Response common
stock shall become fully vested. Mr. Phillips has tendered his resignation to
Prime Response and does not intend to work for either Prime Response or
Chordiant after the completion of the merger.

   On August 11, 1999, Prime Response entered into an agreement with Mr.
Plantan. Under the terms of that agreement, Mr. Plantan receives an annual base
salary of $125,000 and is eligible to receive an annual performance bonus of up
to 30% of his annual base salary. In the event that Mr. Plantan's employment is
terminated without cause he is entitled to receive severance pay and medical
benefits for a period of six months. In addition, Prime Response granted Mr.
Plantan options to purchase 26,250 shares of its common stock at a per share
exercise price of $5.33. Mr. Plantan does not intend to work for either Prime
Response or Chordiant after the completion of the merger.

   On February 29, 2000, Prime Response entered into an agreement with Mr. Gal.
Under the terms of that agreement, if Mr. Gal is terminated without cause upon
a change in control of Prime Response, Mr. Gal will be offered a severance
program that continues for one year (i) his cash compensation of base salary
and incentive potential and (ii) paid health and life insurance and will
receive 100% vesting of the stock options granted under such agreement. If Mr.
Gal is terminated without cause (unrelated to a change of control), if his
position is eliminated, or if he is offered a position of lesser
responsibility, Mr. Gal will be entitled to receive his base salary and
incentive potential, paid life and health insurance and incentive potential for
one year, and one year of vesting (options to be exercised within one year of
termination). Mr. Gal is not required to mitigate his damages or offset any
payments by a new employer. Mr. Gal does not intend to work for either Prime
Response or Chordiant after the completion of the merger.

     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS OF PRIME RESPONSE

 Certain Relationships

   Priceline.com, Inc., a provider of Internet pricing systems, is currently
one of Prime Response's clients. William E. Ford, one of Prime Response's
directors, serves as a director of Priceline.com, Inc.

   Mr. Ford, a director of Prime Response, is also a managing member of General
Atlantic Partners, LLC, which as of November 10, 2000 held approximately 10.52%
of the outstanding Common Stock of Priceline.com, Inc.

   E*Trade Group, Inc., a provider of Internet financial services, is currently
one of Prime Response's clients. Mr. Ford serves as a director of E*Trade
Group, Inc. in addition to being a director of Prime Response.

 Loan to Mr. Peter J. Boni

   In June 1999, Peter J. Boni, Prime Response's President, Chief Executive
Officer and a director, purchased 636,225 shares of Prime Response common stock
at a purchase price of $4.00 per share as part of a restricted stock award
granted under Prime Response 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan. In
connection with that award, Prime Response loaned $2,544,900 to Mr. Boni for 10
years, interest-free, pursuant to a promissory note secured by the shares of
common stock.

       SECURITY OWNERSHIP BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF PRIME RESPONSE

   The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial
ownership of Prime Response's common stock as of December 31, 2000, by:

  . each person or entity or group of affiliated persons or entities known by
    Prime Response to be the beneficial owner of five percent (5%) or more of
    the outstanding shares of common stock;

  . each director and each executive officer named in the "Summary
    Compensation Table for Prime Response Executive Officers;" and

  . all of Prime Response's directors and executive officers as a group.

   Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed
below is c/o Prime Response, Inc., 150 CambridgePark Drive, Cambridge,
Massachusetts 02140.

   Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The information is not necessarily
indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Except as indicated
by the footnotes below, none of these persons or entities has a relationship
with Prime Response. Unless otherwise indicted, each person or entity named in
the table below has sole voting and investment power (or shares such power with
his or her immediate family) with respect to all shares of common stock shown
as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws.
Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 20,482,070 shares of common
stock outstanding as of December 31, 2000. In computing the number of shares of
common stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of
that person, shares of common stock subject to options held by that person that
are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2000
are deemed outstanding. These shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for
the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

                                                                  Shares
                                                            Beneficially Owned
                                                            ------------------
Name of Beneficial Owner                                      Number   Percent
- ------------------------                                    ---------- -------

General Atlantic Partners, LLC(1)..........................  9,269,217  45.3%
 3 Pickwick Plaza
 Suite 200
 Greenwich, CT 06830
Peter J. Boni(2)...........................................    636,225   3.1
Terence H. Osborne(3)......................................    101,245     *
James Carling..............................................  5,285,500  25.8
William E. Ford(1)(4)......................................  9,311,090  45.5
Marc F. McMorris(5)........................................     20,000     *
William W. Wyman(5)........................................     30,000     *
Paul B. Lavallee(6)........................................    195,500     *
Allen A.A. Swann(7)........................................    244,009   1.2
Gary Daniels(5)............................................     43,744     *
All directors and executive officers as a group (12
 persons)(8)............................................... 16,020,628  78.3

- --------
 * Less than 1%.

(1) Includes 4,697,334 shares held by General Atlantic Partners 42, L.P.,
    477,113 shares held by General Atlantic Partners 48, L.P., 1,553,642 shares
    and warrants to purchase 255,075 shares held by General Atlantic Partners
    52, L.P., 677,461 shares held by General Atlantic Partners 57, L.P.,
    1,380,030 shares held by GAP Coinvestment Partners, L.P., and 483,637
    shares and warrants to purchase 57,425 shares held by GAP Coinvestment
    Partners II, L.P. Also includes 46,250 shares subject to stock options held
    by Mr. Ford which are exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2000. Mr.
    Ford is a managing member of General Atlantic Partners, LLC, which is the
    general partner of each of General Atlantic Partners 42, L.P., General
    Atlantic Partners 48, L.P. and General Atlantic Partners 52, L.P. and
    General Atlantic Partners 57, L.P. Mr. Ford is also a general partner of
    GAP Coinvestment Partners, L.P. and GAP Coinvestment Partners II, L.P. Mr.
    Ford disclaims beneficial ownership with respect to any of these shares,
    except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein.

(2) Includes 200,000 shares held in The Peter J. Boni February 2000 Retained
    Annuity Trust U/D/T dated February 28, 2000. Mr. Boni disclaims beneficial
    ownership with respect to the shares held in trust.

(3) Includes 101,817 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days
    of December 31, 2000.

(4) Includes 41,873 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days
    of December 31, 2000.

(5) Consists solely of shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60
    days of December 31, 2000.

(6) Includes 55,800 shares held in The Paul B. Lavallee Irrevocable Trust and
    includes 140,000 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days
    of December 31, 2000. Mr. Lavallee disclaims beneficial ownership with
    respect to the shares held in trust.

(7) Includes 109,070 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days
    of December 31, 2000.

(8) Includes 642,212 shares subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days
    of December 31, 2000.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

   On January 8, 2001, Chordiant entered into a merger agreement (the "Merger
Agreement") to acquire Prime Response in a transaction to be accounted for as a
purchase under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Under the terms
of the Merger Agreement, all issued and outstanding shares of Prime Response
will be exchanged for 12,289,242 shares of Chordiant's common stock with a
value of approximately $34.8 million. In addition, based on an exchange ratio
of approximately 0.60 share of Chordiant common stock for every share of Prime
Response common stock, all of Prime Response's outstanding options will be
converted into options to purchase 1,367,464 shares of Chordiant's common stock
and all of Prime Response's outstanding warrants will be converted into
warrants to purchase 1,306,551 shares of Chordiant's common stock. The fair
value of the options and warrants of approximately $3.2 million and $3.5
million, respectively, was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model and is included as a component of the purchase price. In accordance with
FIN 44, Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation--an
interpretation of APB 25, unvested stock options granted by Chordiant in
exchange for options held by Prime Response will be considered part of the
purchase price. However, to the extent that service will be required subsequent
to the date of the acquisition in order to vest in the replacement options, a
portion of the intrinsic value of the unvested options will be deducted from
the fair value of the options issued and allocated to unearned stock-based
compensation. The amount allocated to unearned compensation will be based on
the portion of the intrinsic value of the replacement options at the
acquisition date related to future vesting period and will be recognized as
compensation expense over the remaining service period. Chordiant also
anticipates incurring approximately $3.0 million in acquisition related
expenses, which consist primarily of financial advisory, accounting and legal
fees and $4.0 million in integration and restructuring costs. The purchase
price will be allocated to the assets acquired, including tangible and
intangible assets, and liabilities assumed based upon the fair value of such
assets and liabilities on the date of acquisition.

   On July 19, 2000, Chordiant and White Spider Software, Inc. entered into a
stock purchase agreement (the "Agreement"). Under the terms of the Agreement,
Chordiant issued 349,954 shares of common stock valued at approximately $5.9
million in exchange for the 4,728,290 shares of White Spider common stock
outstanding as of the date of the acquisition. In addition, employee options to
purchase approximately 1,710,000 shares of White Spider common stock were
assumed by Chordiant and became options to purchase 126,562 shares of Chordiant
common stock. The options issued were valued at approximately $2.1 million.
Chordiant also incurred $200,000 in transaction costs. This transaction was
accounted for as a purchase business combination in accordance with Accounting
Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 16, Business Combinations. The purchase
price was allocated to the assets acquired, including tangible and intangible
assets, and liabilities assessed based upon the fair value of such assets and
liabilities on July 19, 2000.

   The value of the options included in the purchase price was determined using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. In accordance with FIN 44, Accounting
for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation--an interpretation of APB
25, unvested stock options granted by Chordiant in exchange for options held by
White Spider were considered part of the purchase price paid by Chordiant.
However, to the extent that service was required subsequent to the date of the
acquisition in order to vest in the replacement options, a portion of the
intrinsic value of the unvested options was deducted from the fair value of the
options issued and allocated to unearned compensation. The amount allocated to
deferred stock-based compensation was based on the portion of the intrinsic
value of the replacement options at the acquisition date related to future
vesting period and will be recognized as compensation expense over the
remaining future vesting period.

   The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheet and Statements of
Operations are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would
have been achieved had the transactions been in effect as of the beginning of
the periods presented and should not be construed as being representative of
future operating results. The historical financial statements of Chordiant,
White Spider and Prime Response are included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Financial
Information presented herein should be read in conjunction with those financial
statements and related notes.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
                     (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars)

                                            Prime     Pro Forma        Pro Forma
                               Chordiant  Response   Adjustments       Combined
                               ---------  ---------  -----------       ---------

Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents... $ 53,985   $  32,058   $                $ 86,043
  Short-term investments......   12,564          --                      12,564
  Accounts receivable--third
   party, net.................   17,904       9,388        (206)(11)     27,086
  Accounts receivable--related
   parties....................    1,096          --         206 (11)      1,302
  Other current assets........    5,449       2,490                       7,939
                               --------   ---------                    --------
    Total current assets......   90,998      43,936                     134,934
                               --------   ---------                    --------
Property and equipment, net...    4,046       3,478        (453)(4)       7,071
Goodwill and intangible
 assets, net..................    4,848          --       8,237 (4)      12,011
                                                         (1,074)(4)
Other assets..................    2,085       7,394        (964)(4)       8,515
                               --------   ---------                    --------
    Total assets.............. $101,977   $  54,808                    $162,531
                               ========   =========                    ========
Liabilities and Stockholders'
 Equity
Current liabilities:
  Borrowings.................. $    902          --   $                $    902
  Accounts payable--third
   parties....................    3,379       3,624       7,000 (2)       7,003
  Accrued expenses............    3,130       5,635                      15,765
  Accrued interest income.....       --         176                         176
  Deferred revenue............   15,185       3,966      (1,460)(1)(3)   17,691
  Capital lease obligations...       --          90                          90
                               --------   ---------                    --------
    Total current
     liabilities..............   22,596      13,491                      41,627
                               --------   ---------                    --------
Accrued interest income, non
 current......................       --       1,266                       1,266
Deferred revenue, non
 current......................    8,810          --                       8,810
Other liabilities, non
 current......................    1,591          --                       1,591
                               --------   ---------                    --------
    Total liabilities.........   32,997      14,757                      53,294
                               --------   ---------                    --------
Stockholders' equity:
  Common stock................       41         207        (207)(5)          53
                                                             12 (1)
  Additional paid-in capital..  170,634     155,295    (155,295)(5)     212,172
                                                         34,782 (1)
                                                          3,241 (1)
                                                          3,515 (1)
  Note receivable from
   stockholder................   (1,862)     (2,545)      2,545 (5)      (1,862)
  Treasury stock..............       --      (4,273)      4,273 (5)          --
  Unearned compensation.......   (8,179)     (2,180)      2,180 (5)      (8,179)
  Accumulated deficit.........  (91,654)   (106,475)    106,475 (5)     (92,947)
                                                         (1,293)(1)
  Other comprehensive income..       --          22         (22)(5)          --
                               --------   ---------                    --------
  Total stockholders' equity..   68,980      40,051                     109,237
                               --------   ---------                    --------
    Total liabilities and
     stockholders' equity..... $101,977   $  54,808                    $162,531
                               ========   =========                    ========

        See accompanying notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed
        Financial Information for explanation of Pro Forma adjustments.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                      NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000
   (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts)

                                            Chordiant
                          ------------------------------------------------  Historical
                          Historical   Historical   Pro Forma    Pro Forma    Prime     Pro Forma      Pro Forma
                          Chordiant   White Spider Adjustments   Chordiant   Response  Adjustments      Combined
                          ----------  ------------ -----------   ---------  ---------- -----------     ----------

Net revenues:
 License--third
  parties...............  $    6,856     $  --        $          $  6,856    $ 13,656  $     (545)(6)  $   19,967
 License--related
  parties...............       3,834        --                      3,834          --         545 (6)       4,379
 Service--third
  parties...............       6,749       281         (245)(9)     6,785       7,441                      14,226
 Service--related
  parties...............       4,670        --                      4,670          --                       4,670
 Applications hosting...          --        --                         --       2,409                       2,409
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
   Total net revenues...      22,109       281                     22,145      23,506                      45,651
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Cost of revenues:
 License--third
  parties...............         405        --                        405          79                         484
 License--related
  parties...............          39        --                         39          --                          39
 Service--third
  parties...............      11,087       109         (245)(9)    10,951       5,841                      16,792
 Service--related
  parties...............       1,391        --                      1,391          --                       1,391
 Application hosting....          --        --                         --       2,599                       2,599
 Non cash cost of
  revenue...............       1,920        56          191 (10)    2,167          86                       2,253
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
   Total cost of
    revenues............      14,842       165                     14,953       8,605                      23,558
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Gross profit............       7,267       116                      7,192      14,901                      22,093
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....      15,630        33                     15,663      19,987                      35,650
 Non cash sales and
  marketing.............       1,401        16           54 (10)    1,471       2,162                       3,633
 Research and
  development...........      10,391       114                     10,505       8,079                      18,584
 Non cash research and
  development...........       1,920        45          152 (10)    2,117          94                       2,211
 Purchased in-process
  research and
  development...........       4,234        --                      4,234          --                       4,234
 General and
  administrative........       4,068        50                      4,118       4,951                       9,069
 Non cash general and
  administrative........         648        --                        648          89                         737
 Amortization of
  intangible assets.....         353        --        1,347 (11)    1,700          --       1,791 (7)       3,491
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
   Total operating
    expenses............      38,645       258                     40,456      35,362                      77,609
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Loss from operations....     (31,378)     (142)                   (33,264)    (20,461)                    (55,516)
Interest expense........        (249)       (1)                      (250)      1,253                       1,003
Other income............       2,537        --                      2,537          34                       2,571
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Loss before income
 taxes..................     (29,090)     (143)                   (30,977)    (19,174)                    (51,942)
Provision for income
 taxes..................          --        --                         --          74                          74
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Net loss................     (29,090)     (143)                   (30,977)    (19,100)                    (51,868)
Preferred stock dividend
 and BCF................          --        --                         --     (41,234)                    (41,234)
                          ----------     -----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Net loss attributable to
 common stockholders....  $  (29,090)    $(143)                  $(30,977)   $(60,334)                 $  (93,102)
                          ==========     =====                   ========    ========                  ==========
Net loss per share
 Basic and diluted......  $    (0.90)                                                                  $    (2.08)
                          ----------                                                                   ----------
Shares used to compute
 pro forma net loss per
 share
 Basic and diluted......  32,206,772                                                   12,544,342 (8)  44,751,114

        See accompanying notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed
        Financial Information for explanation of Pro Forma adjustments.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

         UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
   (amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars, except share and per share amounts)

                                            Chordiant
                          ------------------------------------------------  Historical
                          Historical   Historical   Pro Forma    Pro Forma    Prime     Pro Forma      Pro Forma
                          Chordiant   White Spider Adjustments   Chordiant   Response  Adjustments      Combined
                          ----------  ------------ -----------   ---------  ---------- -----------     ----------

Net revenues:
 License--third
  parties...............  $   5,938       $ --        $          $  5,938    $ 10,134  $     (567)(6)  $   15,505
 License--related
  parties...............      2,069         --                      2,069          --         567 (6)       2,636
 Service--third
  parties...............      9,007         66          (54)(9)     9,019       6,519                      15,538
 Service--related
  parties...............        574         --                        574          --                         574
 Applications hosting...         --         --                         --       3,869                       3,869
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
   Total net revenues...     17,588         66                     17,600      20,522                      38,122
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Cost of revenues:
 License--third
  parties...............        263         --                        263          --                         263
 License--related
  parties...............        134         --                        134          --                         134
 Service--third
  parties...............     13,999         13          (54)(9)    13,958       4,522                      18,480
 Service--related
  parties...............        353         --                        353          --                         353
 Application hosting....         --         --                         --       2,776                       2,776
 Non cash cost of
  revenues..............        692         --          255 (10)      947         113                       1,060
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
   Total cost of
    revenues............     15,441         13                     15,655       7,411                      23,066
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Gross profit............      2,147         53                      1,945      13,111                      15,056
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing....     13,368         --                     13,368      13,285                      26,653
 Non cash sales and
  marketing.............        739         --           72 (10)      811         266                       1,077
 Research and
  development...........      6,494         13                      6,507      10,185                      16,692
 Non cash research and
  development...........        846         --          203 (10)    1,049          63                       1,112
 General and
  administrative........      2,668         13                      2,681       4,112                       6,793
 Non cash general and
  administrative........        383         --                        383       1,732                       2,115
 Amortization of
  intangible assets.....         --         --        1,795 (11)    1,795       1,245       2,388 (7)       5,428
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
   Total operating
    expenses............     24,498         26                     26,594      30,888                      59,870
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Loss from operations....    (22,351)        27                    (24,649)    (17,777)                    (44,814)
Interest expense........     (1,067)        --                     (1,067)     (2,569)                     (3,636)
Other income............        281         --                        281         (58)                        223
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Loss before income
 taxes..................    (23,137)        27                    (25,435)    (20,404)                    (48,227)
Provision for income
 taxes..................         --                                    --         (15)                        (15)
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Net loss................    (23,137)        27                    (25,435)    (20,419)                    (48,242)
Preferred stock dividend
 and BCF................         --         --                         --      (5,034)                     (5,034)
                          ---------       ----                   --------    --------                  ----------
Net loss attributable to
 common stockholders....  $ (23,137)      $ 27                   $(25,435)   $(25,453)                 $  (53,276)
                          =========       ====                   ========    ========                  ==========
Net loss per share
 Basic and diluted......  $   (4.34)                                                                   $    (2.97)
Shares used to compute
 pro forma net loss per
 share
 Basic and diluted......  5,326,831                                                    12,639,200 (8)  17,966,031

        See accompanying notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed
        Financial Information for explanation of Pro Forma adjustments.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                   (for the year ended December 31, 1999 and
                   the nine months ended September 30, 2000)

NOTE 1--BASIS OF PRESENTATION:

   On July 19, 2000, Chordiant completed its acquisition of all the outstanding
capital stock of White Spider. The White Spider acquisition was accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting and, accordingly, the net assets and
results of operations of White Spider have been included in the financial
statements of Chordiant since the acquisition date.

   The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Balance Sheet gives effect to the
proposed acquisition of Prime Response as if it occurred on September 30, 2000
and combines the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Chordiant as of
September 30, 2000 and the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Prime
Response as of September 30, 2000. The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed
Statement of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 gives
effect to the Prime Response acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1,
1999 and presents the Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of
Operations of Chordiant for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 combined
with the unaudited consolidated statement of operations of Prime Response for
the nine months ended September 30, 2000. The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
Condensed Statement of Operations of Chordiant includes the unaudited
historical results of operations of Chordiant for the nine months ended
September 30, 2000 combined with the unaudited results of operations of White
Spider for the period from January 1, 2000 to July 18, 2000 as if the White
Spider acquisition occurred on January 1, 1999.

   The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Condensed Statement of Operations for the
year ended December 31, 1999 gives effect to the Prime Response acquisition as
if it had occurred on January 1, 1999 and presents the Unaudited Pro Forma
Combined Condensed Statement of Operations of Chordiant for the year ended
December 31, 1999 combined with the consolidated statement of operations of
Prime Response for the year ended December 31, 1999. The Unaudited Pro Forma
Combined Condensed Statement of Operations of Chordiant includes the historical
results of operations of Chordiant and Prime Response for the year ended
December 31, 1999 combined with the results of operations of White Spider for
the year ended December 31, 1999 as if the White Spider acquisition occurred on
January 1, 1999.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information is
presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of
the operating results or financial position that would have occurred if the
transactions had been consummated at the dates indicated, nor is it necessarily
indicative of the future operating results or the financial position of the
combined companies.

NOTE 2--PURCHASE PRICE ALLOCATION:

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information reflects a
total purchase price for the Prime Response acquisition of approximately $38
million. The purchase price consists of 12,289,242 common shares valued at
approximately $34.8 million, 1,367,464 options to purchase common shares of
Chordiant at a weighted average exercise price of $11.94 per common share
valued at approximately $3.2 million, 1,306,551 warrants to purchase common
shares of Chordiant at a weighted exercise price of $14.14 per common share
valued at approximately $3.5 million, and approximately $3.0 million in
transaction costs. The value of Chordiant's common stock was based on the share
value of approximately $2.83 measured as the average fair market value of
Chordiant's outstanding common stock from January 4, 2001 through January 10,
2001, two trading days before, the day of, and two days after the Merger
Agreement was signed.

   The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information also
reflects a total purchase price for the White Spider acquisition of
approximately $6.2 million consisting of 349,954 shares of common stock

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION--(Continued)

valued at approximately $5.9 million, 126,562 options to purchase common shares
of Chordiant valued at approximately $2.1 million and approximately $200,000 in
acquisition costs. An amount of approximately $2.0 million was allocated to
unearned compensation based on the portion of the intrinsic value of the
replacement options which were not vested at the acquisition date.

   A valuation of the intangible assets acquired is being conducted by an
independent third-party appraisal company and is expected to be completed prior
to closing. In addition, management is in the process of assessing and
formulating its integration plans, which are expected to include employee
separations and elimination of duplicate facilities. The finalization of these
plans could result in a material change to the estimate of accrued Prime
Response-related restructuring charges. While the exact amount of the
restructuring costs is not known, management believes that the costs could
range between $3.0 million and $5.0 million.

   Based on a preliminary allocation of the purchase price, the amounts
allocated to tangible and intangible assets less liabilities assumed exceed the
purchase price by approximately $2.7 million. This excess value over cost has
been allocated to reduce proportionately the values assigned to long-term
assets in determining their fair values. The table below is a summary of the
preliminary amounts allocated to long term assets, the allocation of the excess
value over purchase price and the resulting fair values of the assets acquired:

                                                          Excess Value
                                              Preliminary Over Purchase  Fair
                                              Allocation      Price     Value
                                              ----------- ------------- ------

   Property and equipment....................   $3,478        $(453)    $3,025
   In-process technology.....................    1,487         (194)     1,293
   Purchased technology......................    4,515         (589)     3,926
   Workforce in place........................    2,740         (357)     2,383
   Tradenames................................      982         (128)       854
   Other assets..............................    7,394         (964)     6,430

   The value of the purchase in-process technology was determined by estimating
the projected net cash flows related to the product, determined based upon
Chordiant's estimates of costs to complete the development of the technology
and the future revenue to be earned upon commercialization of the products. The
estimated stage of completion (expressed as a percentage of completion) for
each project was calculated and then was applied to the net cash flows for the
product. The cash flows were then discounted back to their net present value.

   The value attributed to in-process technology will be charged to expense in
the period the acquisition is consummated but has not been reflected in the
Chordiant unaudited combined statements of operations as it is non-recurring in
nature.

   The write-off will be necessary because the acquired in-process technology
has not yet reached technological feasibility and has no future alternative
uses. The product under development may not achieve commercial viability. The
nature of the efforts required to develop the purchased in-process technology
into a commercially viable product principally relate to the completion of all
planning, designing, prototyping, verification and testing activities that are
necessary to establish that the product can be produced to meet its designed
specifications, including functions, features and technical performance
requirements.

   The value allocated to the assembled workforce is attributable to the Prime
Response workforce in place after the acquisition which eliminates the need to
hire new replacement employees. The value was determined by estimating the cost
involved in assembling a new workforce including costs of salaries, benefits,
training and recruiting.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION--(Continued)

   Based on the timing of the closing of the transaction, the finalization of
the integration plans and other factors, the pro forma adjustments may differ
materially from those presented in this pro forma financial data. A change in
the pro forma adjustments would result in a reallocation of the purchase price
affecting the value assigned to purchased in-process technology and long-term
assets. The income statement effect of these changes will depend on the nature
and amount of the assets or liabilities adjusted. Two examples on how the pro
forma combined financial statements may be affected are as follows:

  . A $500,000 increase in the preliminary allocation to in-process
    technology would result in a reallocation of the purchase price resulting
    in a $430,000 increase in long-term assets, a corresponding $145,000
    increase to the annual amortization charge and a decrease to the
    immediate charge to in-process technology.

  . A $500,000 increase in the accrued restructuring charges would result in
    a $430,000 decrease in long-term assets and a corresponding $145,000
    increase to the annual amortization charge and a decrease to the
    immediate charge to in-process technology.

NOTE 3--UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED NET LOSS PER SHARE:

   The net loss per share and shares used in computing the net loss per share
for the nine months ended September 30, 2000 and for the year ended December
31, 1999 are based upon Chordiant's historical weighted average common shares
outstanding together with the shares issued in the White Spider and Prime
Response acquisitions as if such shares were issued on January 1, 1999. Common
stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants and the
conversion of convertible debentures have not been included, as they are anti-
dilutive.

NOTE 4--PURCHASE ADJUSTMENTS:

   The following adjustments were applied to the pro forma combined financial
information:

  (1) To reflect the issuance of shares and options for the acquisition of
      Prime Response by Chordiant as if the acquisition occurred on September
      30, 2000.

  (2) To record the accrual of estimated costs resulting from the acquisition
      including merger, integration and restructuring costs. It is
      anticipated that Chordiant will incur charges related to the business
      combination with Prime Response currently estimated to be $7 million of
      which $4 million relates to integration and restructuring costs and $3
      million relates principally to financial advisory, accounting and legal
      fees. Actual amounts ultimately incurred could differ from estimated
      amounts.

  (3) To adjust the deferred revenue balance to the fair value of the
      remaining services to be provided by Prime Response under contractual
      terms.

  (4) To allocate the excess value of cost of net assets acquired over
      acquisition price to long term assets in determining their relative
      fair values.

  (5) To eliminate Prime Response historical stockholders' equity.

  (6) To reclassify related party transactions to conform with Chordiant's
      presentation of related party transactions.

  (7) To record the amortization expense associated with intangible assets
      over their estimated useful life of three years as if the acquisition
      had occurred on January 1, 1999.

  (8) Pro forma weighted average number of shares include common stock issued
      by Chordiant to acquire White Spider and Prime Response as if the
      acquisitions had occurred on January 1, 1999.

  (9) To eliminate intercompany transactions.

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED CONDENSED
                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION--(Continued)

  (10) To record amortization of unearned compensation resulting from the
       unvested options issued by Chordiant to acquire White Spider over the
       remaining vesting period as if the White Spider acquisition had
       occurred on January 1, 1999. Unvested options granted by Chordiant in
       exchange for outstanding unvested options held by employees of White
       Spider were included in the calculation of the purchase price of White
       Spider. To the extent that services are required after the
       consummation date in order to vest in the replacement options, a
       portion of the unvested options' intrinsic value was allocated to
       unearned stock based compensation and is amortized over the remaining
       vesting period as if the acquisition of White Spider had occurred on
       January 1, 1999.

  (11) To record the amortization expense associated with intangible assets
       resulting from the White Spider acquisition over their estimated life
       of three years as if the White Spider acquisition had occurred on
       January 1, 1999.

                    DESCRIPTION OF CHORDIANT'S CAPITAL STOCK

 Description of Capital Stock

   Chordiant's authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares of
common stock, $0.001 par value, and 51,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
$0.001 par value. As of the record date, there were [      ] shares of
Chordiant common stock outstanding, held by [   ] stockholders of record.

 Chordiant Common Stock

   The holders of Chordiant's common stock are permitted one vote per share on
all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. Subject to preferences that
may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of
common stock are allowed to receive dividends as may be declared by the board
of directors out of funds legally available in proportion to their
stockholdings. If Chordiant liquidates, dissolves or winds up, holders of
common stock are allowed to share in proportion to their stockholdings in all
assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences
of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no
preemptive, conversion or subscription rights. There are no redemption or
sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares
of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable.

 Preferred Stock

   Under Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
Chordiant's board has the authority, without further action by stockholders, to
issue up to 51,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to
fix the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications and restrictions
granted to or imposed upon preferred stock, including dividend rights,
conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, liquidation
preference and sinking fund terms, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could reduce the
voting power of holders of common stock and reduce the likelihood that the
holders of common stock will receive dividend payments and payments upon
liquidation. This issuance could have the effect of decreasing the market price
of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could also have the effect
of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of Chordiant.
Chordiant has no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock.

 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law

   Statutory Business Combination Provision. Chordiant is subject to Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits
a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination
with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date
that the stockholder became an interested stockholder unless:

  . before that date, the board of directors approved either the business
    combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming
    an interested stockholder;

  . upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
    becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at
    least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time
    the transaction commenced; or

  . on or after that date, the business combination is approved by the board
    of directors and authorized at a meeting of stockholders, by the vote of
    at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by
    the interested stockholder.

   In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or
person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation and any entity or person associated with or controlling or
controlled by the entity or person.

   Section 203 defines business combinations to include:

  . any merger involving the corporation and the interested stockholder;

  . any sale or other transfer involving the interested stockholder of 10% or
    more of the assets of the corporation;

  . any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the
    corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested
    stockholder; or

  . the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, or
    other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation.

 Charter and Bylaw Protections

   Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
any action required or permitted to be taken by Chordiant's stockholders might
be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may
not be effected by any consent in writing. In addition, Chordiant's amended and
restated bylaws provide that special meetings of Chordiant's stockholders may
be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive
officer or the board of directors by a resolution adopted by a majority of the
total number of authorized directors, or by the holders of 50% of Chordiant's
outstanding voting stock. Furthermore, Chordiant's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires the advance notice of stockholders'
nominations for the election of directors and business brought before a meeting
of stockholders.

   Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation specifies that
Chordiant's board of directors will be classified into three classes of
directors. Under Delaware law, directors of a corporation with a classified
board may be removed only for cause unless the corporation's certificate of
incorporation provides otherwise. Chordiant's amended and restated certificate
does not provide otherwise. In addition, the amended and restated certificate
of incorporation specifies that the authorized number of directors may be
changed only by resolution of the board of directors and excludes cumulative
voting for directors. Under cumulative voting, a minority stockholder holding a
sufficient percentage of a class of shares may be able to ensure the election
of one or more directors. Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that a majority of the directors in office, even if less
than a quorum, can fill vacancies created by resignation, death,
disqualification, removal or by an increase in the size of the board.

   Some provisions of Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of
incorporation may only be amended with the approval of 66 2/3% of Chordiant's
outstanding voting stock and Chordiant's amended and restated bylaws may be
amended only by the board or by the approval of 66 2/3% of Chordiant's
outstanding voting stock.

   These provisions contained in Chordiant's amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Chordiant's amended and restated bylaws could delay or
discourage some types of transactions involving an actual or potential change
in control of Chordiant or its management, which includes transactions in which
stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then
current prices. They may also limit the ability of stockholders to remove
Chordiant's current management or approve transactions that stockholders may
consider to be in their best interests and, therefore, could adversely affect
the price of Chordiant's common stock.

 Transfer Agent And Registrar

   The transfer agent and registrar for Chordiant's common stock is EquiServe
LP. Its telephone number is (781) 575-2508.

                       COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS' RIGHTS

   Both Prime Response and Chordiant are Delaware corporations and are governed
by the Delaware General Corporation Law. In addition, the rights of Prime
Response stockholders are currently governed by the third amended and restated
certificate of incorporation of Prime Response and the amended and restated
bylaws of Prime Response, and the rights of Chordiant stockholders are governed
by the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Chordiant and the
amended and restated bylaws of Chordiant. After the effective time of the
merger, the rights of holders of Prime Response capital stock who become
holders of Chordiant common stock will be governed by the Chordiant amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, the Chordiant amended and restated
bylaws and Delaware law. In most respects, the rights of holders of Prime
Response capital stock are similar to the rights of holders of Chordiant common
stock. The following is a summary of the material differences between such
rights. This summary does not purport to be a complete discussion of, and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to, Delaware law as well as to the Prime
Response third amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the Prime
Response amended and restated bylaws, the Chordiant amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and the Chordiant amended and restated bylaws.

Authorized Capital Stock

   Chordiant. The authorized capital stock of Chordiant consists of 300,000,000
shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, and 51,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, $0.001 par value.

   Prime Response. The authorized capital stock of Prime Response consists of
60,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, $0.01 par value.

Number of Directors

   Chordiant. The Chordiant board of directors currently consists of 9 members.

   Prime Response. The Prime Response board of directors currently consists of
6 members, and there is currently one vacancy on the Prime Response board of
directors.

Changes in the Number of Directors

   Chordiant. Chordiant's amended and restated bylaws provides that the setting
of the authorized number of directors and any changes to the authorized number
of directors may be effected only by resolution of the Chordiant board of
directors.

   Prime Response. Prime Response's amended and restated bylaws provides that
the setting of the authorized number of directors and any changes to the
authorized number of directors may be effected only by resolution of the Prime
Response board of directors.

Election of Directors

   Under Delaware General Corporation Law, corporations may elect to have a
classified board, whereby only a portion of a corporation's directors are
elected at each annual meeting. Furthermore, all elections of directors shall
be by written ballot, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of
incorporation.

   Chordiant. Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides for a staggered board of directors consisting of three classes of
directors. One class of directors stands for election at each annual meeting of
the stockholders. Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation
opts out of the default rule in the Delaware General Corporation Law relating
to written ballots and provides that the election of directors need not be by
written ballot.

   Prime Response. Prime Response's third amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides for a staggered board of directors consisting of three
classes of directors. One class of directors stands for election at

each annual meeting of the stockholders. Prime Response's third amended and
restated certificate of incorporation opts out of the default rule in the
Delaware General Corporation Law relating to written ballots and provides that
the election of directors need not be by written ballot.

Removal of Directors

   Chordiant. Chordiant's amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that any director or the entire board of directors may be removed,
only with cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at
an election of directors.

   Prime Response. Prime Response's third amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that directors of Prime Response may be removed only for
cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the
shares of capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled
to vote.

Special Meeting of Stockholders

   Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a special meeting of
stockholders may be called by the board of directors or any other person
authorized to do so in the corporation's certificate of incorporation or
bylaws.

   Chordiant. Chordiant's amended and restated bylaws state that a special
meeting of the stockholders may be called for any purpose or purposes by the
chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, a majority of
the board of directors, or the holders of shares entitled to cast not less than
fifty (50%) of the votes at such meeting.

   Prime Response. Prime Response's amended and restated bylaws state that a
special meeting of stockholders may be called by the chairman of the board of
directors, the president or the board of directors.

Action by Written Consent of Stockholders

   Chordiant. Chordiant's amended and restated bylaws state that any action
required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the stockholders may be
taken without a meeting and without prior notice if a written consent, setting
forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having
not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize
or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon
were present and voting. The Chordiant amended and restated bylaws further
state that prompt notice shall be given to the stockholders who have not
consented in writing to such action.

   Prime Response. Prime Response's amended and restated bylaws provides that
stockholders may not take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting.

Amendments to the Bylaws

   The Delaware General Corporation Law states that stockholders entitled to
vote have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of a corporation. A
corporation, in its certificate, may also confer this power on the board of
directors in addition to the stockholders.

   Chordiant. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation of
Chordiant provides that its bylaws may be altered or amended and new bylaws
adopted by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the
then-outstanding shares of the voting stock of the corporation entitled to
vote. The amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Chordiant also
gives the board of directors power to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws.

   Prime Response. Generally, the amended and restated bylaws of Prime Response
allow for alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new bylaws by an
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at

any meeting of the board of directors in which a quorum is present, or by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the stockholders at any regular or special
meeting of stockholders where proper notice of such alteration, amendment,
repeal or adoption of the bylaws is provided.

   However, the amended and restated bylaws of Prime Response requires the
affirmative vote of 75% of the shares of the capital stock of Prime Response
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote to amend, repeal or adopt any
provision inconsistent with bylaw provisions relating to the persons entitled
to call special meetings, provisions relating to the nomination of directors,
provisions relating to the notice required for stockholder proposals, provision
preventing action by written consent, provisions relating to the directors
eligible to act as chairman and secretary of stockholder meetings, provisions
of the bylaws with respect to directors and the provisions regarding amendments
to the bylaws.

Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation

   The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that, unless a greater vote is
required by the certificate of incorporation, amendment, adoption or repeal of
provisions of the certificate of incorporation require the board of directors
to adopt a resolution setting forth the amendment, adoption or repeal, and then
present it to the stockholders to be voted upon. A majority of the stockholders
must approve the amendment to the certificate of incorporation for it to become
effective.

   Chordiant. Notwithstanding Delaware law, Chordiant's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the affirmative votes of the holders
of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of
the voting stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required to
alter, amend or repeal provisions in Chordiant's amended and restated
certificate of incorporation relating to officers and directors, relating to
indemnification of directors, and relating to the vote required to amend the
certificate of incorporation.

   Prime Response. Notwithstanding Delaware law, Prime Response's third amended
and restated certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative votes of the
holders of at least 75% of the shares of capital stock of Prime Response that
are issued and outstanding to amend or repeal or to adopt any provision
inconsistent with the provisions of the certificate of incorporation relating
to directors, relating to written consents and relating to the ability to call
special meetings.

Adjournment of Meetings

   Chordiant. The Chordiant amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be
adjourned from time to time, either by the chairman of the meeting or by the
vote of a majority of the shares casting shares. When a meeting is adjourned to
another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the
time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is
taken and the adjournment is for 30 days or less.

   Prime Response. The Prime Response amended and restated bylaws provides that
any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned to any time or other place by the
stockholders present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote,
although less than a quorum, or, if no stockholder is present, by any officer
entitled to preside at, or act as secretary of such meeting. Notice need not be
given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at
the meeting at which the adjournment is taken and the adjournment is of less
than 30 days, unless after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the
adjourned meeting.

                                 LEGAL MATTERS

   The validity of the Chordiant common stock to be issued in the merger will
be passed upon for Chordiant by Cooley Godward LLP. Certain tax consequences of
the merger will be passed upon for Chordiant by Cooley Godward LLP and for
Prime Response by Hale and Dorr LLP.

                                    EXPERTS

   The consolidated financial statements of Chordiant as of December 31, 1998
and 1999 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1999
included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus have been so included in
reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants,
given on the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

   The financial statements of White Spider Software, Inc. as of December 31,
1999 and for the year then ended included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus have been so included in reliance on the report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent accountants, given on the authority of
said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

   The consolidated financial statements of Prime Response as of December 31,
1998 and 1999 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
1999 included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus have been so included in
reliance on the report (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to
Prime Response's ability to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1
to the financial statements) of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent
accountants, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and
accounting.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

   Chordiant Software, Inc. is a Delaware corporation. Chordiant's principal
executive offices are located 20400 Stevens Creek Blvd., Cupertino, CA 95014,
and its telephone number is (408) 517-6100.

   Prime Response, Inc. is a Delaware corporation. Prime Response's principal
executive offices are located at 150 CambridgePark Dr., Cambridge, MA 02140,
and its telephone number is (617) 876-8300.

   Chordiant and Prime Response each file annual, quarterly and current
reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and
copy any reports, statements or other information that the companies file at
the SEC's public reference rooms in Washington, D.C., New York, New York and
Chicago, Illinois. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further
information on the public reference rooms. Chordiant's and Prime Response's
public filings are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and at the Internet Website maintained by the SEC at
http://www.sec.gov.

   If you would like to request documents, please do so by [     ], 2001 to
receive them before the special meeting. If you request any documents that have
been incorporated by reference herein, the appropriate company will mail them
to you by first-class mail, or other equally prompt means, within one business
day of receipt of your request.

   Chordiant common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CHRD." Prime Response common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National
Market under the symbol "PRME." You may inspect reports and other information
concerning Chordiant and Prime Response at the offices of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., 1735 K Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.
20006.

   Chordiant has filed a Form S-4 registration statement to register with the
SEC the offering and sale of the shares of Chordiant common stock to be issued
to Prime Response stockholders in the merger. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part of such registration statement and constitutes a
prospectus of Chordiant and a proxy statement of both Chordiant and Prime
Response with respect to their respective special meetings. This joint proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the
registration statement because certain parts of the registration statement are
omitted as provided by the rules and regulations of the SEC. You may inspect
and copy the registration statement at any of the addresses listed above.

   Chordiant has supplied all information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Chordiant or Puccini Acquisition Corp., and
Prime Response has supplied all information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Prime Response.

   You should rely only on the information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus to vote your shares at the special meeting. Neither
Chordiant nor Prime Response has authorized anyone to provide you with
information that differs from that contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated [      ],
2001. You should not assume that the information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that date, and
neither the mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus to stockholders nor the
issuance of shares of Chordiant common stock in the merger shall create any
implication to the contrary.

   Chordiant Software, Inc., the Chordiant Software, Inc. logos and all other
Chordiant product and service names are registered trademarks or trademarks of
Chordiant Software, Inc. in the United States and in other select countries.
Prime Response, Inc., the Prime Response logos and all other Prime Response
product and service names are registered trademarks or trademarks of Prime
Response, Inc. in the United States and in other select countries. "(R)"and
"(TM)" indicate US registration and US trademark, respectively. Other third
party logos and product/trade names are registered trademarks or trade names of
their respective companies.

              INDEX TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FISCAL
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1997, 1998 AND 1999

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

Report of Independent Accountants..........................................  F-3
Consolidated Balance Sheet.................................................  F-4
Consolidated Statement of Operations.......................................  F-5
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit............................  F-6
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.......................................  F-7
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.................................  F-8

CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000 (UNAUDITED)

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets ..................................... F-24
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations ........................... F-25
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ........................... F-26
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)........... F-27

WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2000

Report of Independent Accountants.......................................... F-34
Balance Sheets ............................................................ F-35
Statements of Operations .................................................. F-36
Statement of Stockholders' Equity.......................................... F-37
Statement of Cash Flows ................................................... F-38
Notes to the Financial Statements.......................................... F-39

PRIME RESPONSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1997, 1998 AND 1999

Report of Independent Accountants.......................................... F-47
Consolidated Balance Sheets ............................................... F-48
Consolidated Statements of Operations ..................................... F-49
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) ................. F-50
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ..................................... F-51
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements................................. F-52

PRIME RESPONSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000 (UNAUDITED)

Consolidated Balance Sheets ............................................... F-69
Consolidated Statements of Operations ..................................... F-70
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ..................................... F-71
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements................................. F-72

                                      F-1

Chordiant Software, Inc. And Subsidiaries
Financial Statements
Fiscal Years ended
December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999

                                      F-2

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Chordiant Software, Inc.

   In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of operations, of stockholders' deficit and of cash
flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
Chordiant Software, Inc.("Chordiant") and its subsidiaries, at December 31,
1998 and 1999 and the results of their operations and cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 1999, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These financial
statements are the responsibility of Chordiant's management; our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States which require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the
opinion expressed above.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California
January 18, 2000, except for Note 14
which is as of January 31, 2001

                                      F-3

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

                                                              December 31,
                                                            ------------------
                                                              1998      1999
                                                            --------  --------

ASSETS
Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents................................ $  1,713  $  6,719
  Short-term investments...................................    1,051     2,000
  Accounts receivable--third parties, net..................    5,287     7,233
  Accounts receivable--related parties.....................      102     1,211
  Other current assets.....................................      274     1,775
                                                            --------  --------
     Total current assets..................................    8,427    18,938
Property and equipment, net................................    2,866     2,580
Other assets...............................................      228       568
                                                            --------  --------
                                                            $ 11,521  $ 22,086
                                                            ========  ========
LIABILITIES, MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
  STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
Current Liabilities:
  Borrowings............................................... $    776  $  2,608
  Accounts payable--related parties........................      206        --
  Accounts payable--third parties..........................    4,346     2,101
  Accrued expenses.........................................    2,115     2,493
  Prepaid licenses--related parties........................    6,000        --
  Deferred revenue.........................................    5,146     9,903
                                                            --------  --------
     Total current liabilities.............................   18,589    17,105
Borrowings, long-term......................................      911    10,617
Deferred revenue...........................................      573       293
Other liabilities..........................................      103       244
                                                            --------  --------
                                                              20,176    28,259
                                                            --------  --------
Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.001
  par value; 25,027,985 shares authorized, 16,449,038 and
  22,412,194 shares issued and outstanding.................   28,949    51,609
                                                            --------  --------
Commitments and contingencies (Notes 6 and 8)

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit):
  Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value; 51,000,000 shares
   authorized; no shares issued and outstanding............       --        --
  Common Stock, $0.001 par value; 300,000,000 shares
    authorized; 5,218,973 and 5,906,101 shares issued and
    outstanding............................................        5         6
  Additional paid-in capital...............................    2,820    14,652
  Note receivable from stockholder.........................       --      (406)
  Unearned compensation....................................   (1,002)   (9,470)
  Accumulated deficit......................................  (39,427)  (62,564)
                                                            --------  --------
     Total stockholders' deficit...........................  (37,604)  (57,782)
                                                            --------  --------
                                                            $ 11,521  $ 22,086
                                                            ========  ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-4

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                               -------------------------------
                                                 1997       1998       1999
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------

Net revenues:
 License--third parties....................... $   1,142  $   4,360  $   5,938
 License--related parties.....................        --         --      2,069
 Service--third parties.......................     1,677      8,013      9,007
 Service--related parties.....................        89         92        574
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
     Total net revenues.......................     2,908     12,465     17,588
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
Cost of net revenues:
 License--third parties.......................        73        425        263
 License--related parties.....................        --         --        134
 Service--third parties.......................     1,388      8,846     13,999
 Service--related parties.....................        74        101        353
 Non cash cost of revenues                           129        127        692
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
     Total cost of net revenues...............     1,664      9,499     15,441
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
Gross profit..................................     1,244      2,966      2,147
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing..........................     5,142     12,580     13,368
 Non cash sales and marketing.................       125        122        739
 Research and development.....................     6,240      5,858      6,494
 Non cash research and development............       158        155        846
 General and administrative...................     1,416      2,046      2,668
 Non cash general and administrative..........        86         85        383
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
     Total operating expenses.................    13,167     20,846     24,498
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
Loss from operations..........................   (11,923)   (17,880)   (22,351)
Interest expense..............................      (112)      (121)    (1,067)
Other income (expense), net...................       442        561        281
                                               ---------  ---------  ---------
Net loss...................................... $ (11,593) $ (17,440) $ (23,137)
                                               =========  =========  =========
Net loss per share:
 Basic and diluted............................ $   (2.31) $   (3.44) $   (4.34)
                                               =========  =========  =========
 Weighted average shares...................... 5,008,623  5,074,533  5,326,831
                                               =========  =========  =========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-5

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT
                   (amounts in thousands, except share data)

                                                         Note
                           Common Stock    Additional Receivable                               Total
                         -----------------  Paid-in      from       Unearned   Accumulated Stockholders'
                          Shares    Amount  Capital   Stockholder Compensation   Deficit      Deficit
                         ---------  ------ ---------- ----------- ------------ ----------- -------------

Balance at December 31,
 1996................... 5,004,375   $ 5    $   803      $  --      $     --    $ (10,394)   $ (9,586)
 Exercise of stock
  options...............    31,638    --          4         --            --           --           4
 Repurchase of common
  stock.................   (23,280)   --         (5)        --            --           --          (5)
 Stock compensation.....        --    --        498         --            --           --         498
 Net loss...............        --    --         --         --            --      (11,593)    (11,593)
                         ---------   ---    -------      -----      --------    ---------    --------
Balance at December 31,
 1997................... 5,012,733     5      1,300         --            --      (21,987)    (20,682)
 Exercise of stock
  options...............   236,635    --         56         --            --           --          56
 Repurchase of common
  stock.................   (30,395)   --        (27)        --            --           --         (27)
 Unearned compensation..        --    --      1,500         --        (1,500)          --          --
 Amortization of
  unearned
  compensation..........        --    --         --         --           489           --         489
 Stock option
  cancellations.........        --    --         (9)        --             9           --          --
 Net loss...............        --    --         --         --            --      (17,440)    (17,440)
                         ---------   ---    -------      -----      --------    ---------    --------
Balance at December 31,
 1998................... 5,218,973     5      2,820         --        (1,002)     (39,427)    (37,604)
 Exercise of stock
  options...............   712,703     1        745       (406)           --           --         340
 Repurchase of common
  stock.................   (25,575)   --        (41)        --            --           --         (41)
 Unearned compensation..        --    --     11,274         --       (11,274)          --          --
 Amortization of
  unearned
  compensation..........        --    --         --         --         2,660           --       2,660
 Stock option
  cancellations.........        --    --       (146)        --           146           --          --
 Net loss...............        --    --         --         --            --      (23,137)    (23,137)
                         ---------   ---    -------      -----      --------    ---------    --------
Balance at December 31,
 1999................... 5,906,101   $ 6    $14,652      $(406)     $ (9,470)   $ (62,564)   $(57,782)
                         =========   ===    =======      =====      ========    =========    ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-6

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                             (amounts in thousands)

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                  ----------------------------
                                                    1997      1998      1999
                                                  --------  --------  --------

Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss........................................ $(11,593) $(17,440) $(23,137)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
  used in operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization..................      913       521     1,276
  Stock-based compensation.......................      498       489     2,660
  Provision for doubtful accounts................      569        17       470
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
   Accounts receivable--third parties............      467    (4,963)   (2,416)
   Accounts receivable--related parties..........     (117)       15    (1,109)
   Other current assets..........................    1,074       311    (1,501)
   Other assets..................................       (2)     (181)     (340)
   Accounts payable--third parties...............       37     3,936    (2,245)
   Accounts payable--related parties.............      206        --      (206)
   Accrued expenses..............................   (1,417)    1,308       378
   Prepaid licenses--related parties.............    6,000        --        --
   Deferred revenue..............................      223     1,317    (1,523)
   Other liabilities.............................       --       103       141
                                                  --------  --------  --------
     Net cash used in operating activities.......   (3,142)  (14,567)  (27,552)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchases of property and equipment.............     (744)   (2,033)     (990)
 Purchases of short-term investments.............       --    (9,558)   (2,800)
 Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term
  investments....................................       --     8,507     1,851
                                                  --------  --------  --------
     Net cash used in investing activities.......     (744)   (3,084)   (1,939)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Cash flows from financing activities:
 Issuance of mandatorily redeemable convertible
  preferred stock, net...........................   19,902        --    22,660
 Exercise of stock options.......................        4        56       340
 Repurchase of common stock......................       (5)      (27)      (41)
 Proceeds from borrowings........................      558       781    14,627
 Repayment of borrowings.........................     (335)     (362)   (3,089)
                                                  --------  --------  --------
     Net cash provided by financing activities...   20,124       448    34,497
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents.....................................   16,238   (17,203)    5,006
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
 period..........................................    2,678    18,916     1,713
                                                  --------  --------  --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period....... $ 18,916  $  1,713  $  6,719
                                                  ========  ========  ========
Supplemental cash flow information:
 Cash paid for interest.......................... $    112  $    112  $  1,062
                                                  ========  ========  ========
 Cash paid for income taxes...................... $     --  $     --  $     --
                                                  ========  ========  ========
Supplemental non-cash activities:
 Common Stock issued for stockholder note........ $     --  $     --  $    406
                                                  ========  ========  ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-7

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

NOTE 1--THE COMPANY:

   Chordiant Software, Inc. ("Chordiant"), formerly J. Frank Consulting, Inc.
and J. Frank & Associates, Inc., was incorporated in California in March 1991
and reincorporated in Delaware by merging into Chordiant Delaware, Inc., a
wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary, in October 1997. At that time, Chordiant
Delaware, Inc. changed its name to Chordiant Software, Inc. Chordiant provides
e-business infrastructure software for customer interaction applications.
Chordiant's product helps enable companies to offer their customers
personalized marketing, sales programs, e-business services and customer
support across multiple channels of communication.

NOTE 2--SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

 Principles of consolidation

   The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Chordiant and its wholly-owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

 Use of estimates

   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments

   Chordiant considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original
maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31, 1998
and 1999, $1,477 and $6,087 of money market account balances, commercial paper
and municipal bonds, the fair value of which approximates cost, are included in
cash and cash equivalents. The gross unrealized gains and losses were not
significant in the periods presented.

   Chordiant classifies its short-term investment securities as "available-for-
sale." At December 31, 1998 and 1999, the fair value of these securities,
comprised primarily of medium-term notes, approximates cost, and the gross
unrealized gains and losses were not significant. These securities mature
within one year.

 Fair value of financial instruments

   Chordiant's financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents,
accounts receivable, deposits, accounts payable and borrowings are carried at
cost, which approximates fair value because of the short-term nature of those
instruments.

 Property and equipment

   Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using
the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of assets which
range from three to seven years. Amortization of leasehold improvements is
calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated
economic

                                      F-8

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

life of the asset or the lease term. Purchased internal-use software consists
primarily of amounts paid for perpetual licenses to third party software
applications which are amortized over their estimated useful life, generally
three years.

 Prepaid licenses-related parties

   Prepaid licenses-related parties totalling $6 million was received from a
stockholder in 1997. The intention of this cash advance was that the amount
would be applied against future revenue contracts, to the extent that any such
contracts are entered. During 1999, Chordiant delivered licenses to the
stockholder and reduced the prepaid licenses-related parties account. Chordiant
recognized this revenue in accordance with its revenue recognition accounting
policy.

 Impairment of long-lived assets

   Chordiant evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets in accordance
with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards "SFAS No. 121", "Accounting
for Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-lived Assets to be Disposed
of." SFAS No. 121 requires recognition of impairment of long-lived assets if
the net book value of such assets exceeds the estimated future undiscounted
cash flows attributable to such assets.

 Revenue recognition

   Chordiant derives revenues from licenses of its software and related
services, which include assistance in implementation, customization and
integration, post-contract customer support, training and consulting.

   On contracts involving significant implementation or customization essential
to the functionality of the Chordiant's product, license and service revenues
are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method using labor hours
incurred as the measure of progress towards completion. Chordiant classifies
revenues from these arrangements as license and services revenues, based upon
the estimated fair value of each element. Provisions for estimated contract
losses are recognized in the period in which the loss becomes probable and can
be reasonably estimated.

   On contracts that do not involve significant implementation or customization
essential to the functionality of Chordiant's product, license fees are
recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement for a fixed and
determinable fee that is probable of collection and when delivery has occurred.
For arrangements with multiple elements, Chordiant recognizes revenue for
services and post-contract customer support based upon vendor specific
objective evidence (VSOE). VSOE for the services element is based upon the
standard hourly rates it charges for services and based upon the complexity of
the services and experience of the professional performing the services and
such services are separately priced in the contract. VSOE for annual post-
contract customer support is established with the stated future renewal rates
included in the contracts. Chordiant recognizes revenue for the license portion
of a multiple element arrangement based upon the residual contract value as
prescribed by Statement of Position No. 98-9, "Modification of SoP No. 97-2
with Respect to Certain Transactions."

   Revenues from reseller arrangements are recognized when reported by the
reseller upon re-licensing of Chordiant's software to end users. Chordiant's
agreements with its customers and resellers do not contain product return
rights.

   Other service revenues from consulting and training services are recognized
as such services are performed. Service revenues from post-contract customer
support are recognized ratably over the support period, generally one year.

                                      F-9

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

   In future periods, Chordiant expects to derive revenues from contracts that
provide for implementation services at a fixed hourly rate. On other contracts
Chordiant expects to derive revenues from the licensing of the installed
product on a per transaction basis. In connection with such arrangements,
Chordiant will recognize the fair value of the implementation services as such
services are delivered and will recognize license fees on a monthly basis at
the contractual rate.

   Chordiant bills customers in accordance with contract terms. Amounts billed
to customers in excess of revenues recognized are recorded as deferred
revenues.

 Concentrations of Credit Risk

   Financial instruments that potentially subject Chordiant to concentrations
of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and
accounts receivable. To date, Chordiant has invested excess funds in money
market accounts, commercial paper, municipal bonds and term notes. Chordiant
deposits cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments with financial
institutions that management believes are credit worthy. Chordiant's accounts
receivable are derived from revenues earned from customers located in the
United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Netherlands and Africa. Chordiant
performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers' financial condition and,
generally, requires no collateral from its customers. Chordiant maintains an
allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon the expected
collectibility of all accounts receivable.

   The following table summarizes the revenues from customers, all of which
were third parties, in excess of 10% of total net revenues:

                                                                    Year Ended
                                                                   December 31,
                                                                  ----------------
                                                                  1997  1998  1999
                                                                  ----  ----  ----

   Company A.....................................................  28%   --    --
   Company B.....................................................  --    12%   30%
   Company C.....................................................  --    --    19%
   Company D.....................................................  53%   --    --
   Company E.....................................................  --    14%   --
   Company F.....................................................  --    36%   --
   Company G.....................................................  --    19%   --

   At December 31, 1998, Companies B and F accounted for 21% and 26% of
accounts receivable, net. At December 31, 1999, companies B and C accounted for
24% and 8% of accounts receivable, net.

 Research and development

   Research and development costs are expensed as incurred in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 2, "Accounting for Research and
Development Costs."

 Software development costs

   Costs incurred in the research and development of new products and
enhancements to existing products are charged to expense as incurred until the
technological feasibility of the product or enhancement has been established
through the development of a working model. After establishing technological
feasibility, additional development costs incurred through the date the product
is available for general release would be capitalized and amortized over the
estimated product life. No costs have been capitalized to date, as the effect
on the financial statements for all periods presented is immaterial.

                                      F-10

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

 Advertising costs

   Advertising costs are expensed as incurred in accordance with Statement of
Position No. 93-7, "Reporting on Advertising Costs." Advertising costs for the
years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999 totaled $1,316, $1,955 and $1,340.

 Stock-based costs and expenses

   Chordiant accounts for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
accordance with the provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" ("APB 25") and complies with the
disclosure provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS 123"). Under APB 25,
compensation cost is recognized based on the difference, if any, on the date of
grant between the fair value of Chordiant's stock and the amount an employee
must pay to acquire the stock.

 Foreign currency translation

   The functional currency of Chordiant's sales office located in the United
Kingdom is its local currency. Foreign currency assets and liabilities are
translated at the current exchange rates at each balance sheet date. Revenues
and expenses are translated at weighted average exchange rates in effect during
the year. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency translation have not
been material to the financial statements of any period presented. To the
extent these gains or losses are recognized in future periods, such amounts
will be recorded directly into a separate component of stockholders' deficit.
Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in the determination
of net income or loss. During the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999,
net foreign currency transaction gains or losses were immaterial.

 Income taxes

   Income taxes are accounted for using an asset and liability approach, which
requires the recognition of taxes payable or refundable for the current year
and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of
events that have been recognized in Chordiant's financial statements or tax
returns. The measurement of current and deferred tax liabilities and assets are
based on provisions of the enacted tax law; the effects of future changes in
tax laws or rates are not anticipated. The measurement of deferred tax assets
is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on
available evidence, are not expected to be realized.

 Recapitalization

   In November 1999, Chordiant's board of directors approved the filing of a
registration statement for an underwritten public offering of Chordiant's
common stock whereupon the authorized number of shares of common stock will be
increased to 300,000,000 and the authorized number of shares of undesignated
convertible preferred stock will be increased to 51,000,000. All share
information included in these consolidated financial statements have been
retroactively adjusted to reflect this recapitalization.

 Reverse Stock Split

   In November 1999, Chordiant's Board of Directors approved a 1-for-2 reverse
stock split of Chordiant's outstanding shares. The reverse stock split is
expected to become effective before the effective date of the initial public
offering. All share and per share information included in these consolidated
financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse
stock split.

                                      F-11

                           CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

 Net loss per share

   Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for the
period by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for
the period by the weighted average number of common and potential common
shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of the
incremental number of common shares issuable upon conversion of mandatorily
redeemable convertible preferred stock (using the if-converted method), common
shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options (using the treasury stock
method), common shares issuable upon the assumed conversion of convertible
debt (using the if-converted method) and common shares subject to repurchase
by Chordiant. The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes potential
common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive.

   The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net
loss per share for the periods indicated:

                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                              -------------------------------
                                                1997       1998       1999
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------

Net loss..................................... $ (11,593) $ (17,440) $ (23,137)
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------

Weighted average common shares............... 5,008,623  5,074,533  5,391,265
Weighted average unvested
 Common shares subject to repurchase.........        --         --    (64,434)
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
Denominator for basic and diluted
 calculation................................. 5,008,623  5,074,533  5,326,831
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------

Net loss per share--basic and diluted........ $   (2.31) $   (3.44) $   (4.34)
                                              =========  =========  =========

   The following table sets forth the weighted average potential common shares
that are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share as their
effect is anti-dilutive:

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                               --------------------------------
                                                  1997       1998       1999
                                               ---------- ---------- ----------

Weighted average effect of antidilutive
 securities:
  Mandatorily redeemable convertible
    preferred stock..........................  10,008,307 16,449,038 17,998,938
  Convertible debt...........................          --         --  1,479,452
  Employee stock options.....................     506,603  1,908,598  6,201,931
  Common shares subject to repurchase........          --         --     64,434
                                               ---------- ---------- ----------
                                               10,514,910 18,357,636 25,744,755
                                               ========== ========== ==========

 Segment information

   Effective January 1, 1998, Chordiant adopted the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments
of an Enterprise and Related Information." SFAS No. 131 establishes standards
for the way companies report information about operating segments in financial
statements. It also establishes standards for related disclosures about
products and services, geographic areas and major customers. In accordance
with the provisions of SFAS No. 131, Chordiant has determined that it operates
in a single operating segment.

                                     F-12

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

   Foreign revenues are based on the country in which the customer is located.
The following is a summary of total net revenues by geographic area:

                                                           Year Ended December
                                                                   31,
                                                          ----------------------
                                                           1997   1998    1999
                                                          ------ ------- -------

   United States......................................... $2,719 $ 2,729 $10,974
   United Kingdom........................................    189   3,441   3,973
   Canada................................................     --   1,724     642
   Netherlands...........................................     --   4,500   1,653
   Other.................................................     --      71     346
                                                          ------ ------- -------
                                                          $2,908 $12,465 $17,588
                                                          ====== ======= =======

   Property and equipment information is based on the physical location of the
assets. The following is a summary of property and equipment by geographic
area:

                                                                   December 31,
                                                                   -------------
                                                                    1998   1999
                                                                   ------ ------

   United States.................................................. $2,587 $2,350
   United Kingdom.................................................    279    230
                                                                   ------ ------
                                                                   $2,866 $2,580
                                                                   ====== ======

 Comprehensive income

   Effective January 1, 1998, Chordiant adopted the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income." SFAS
130 establishes standards for reporting comprehensive income and its components
in financial statements. Comprehensive income includes all changes in equity
during a period from nonowner sources. To date, Chordiant has not had any
material transactions that are required to be reported in comprehensive income
other than its net loss.

 Recent accounting pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities." SFAS No. 133 establishes accounting and reporting
standards for derivative instruments, including derivative instruments in other
contracts (collectively referred to as derivatives), and for hedging
activities. In June 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 137, "Accounting for
Derivatives Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of Effective Date of
FASB Statement No. 133." SFAS No. 133, as amended by SFAS No. 137, is effective
for all fiscal quarters of all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000, with
earlier application encouraged. Chordiant does not currently, nor does it
intend in the future, to use derivative instruments and therefore does not
expect that the adoption of SFAS No. 133 will have any impact on its financial
position or results of operations.

                                      F-13

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

NOTE 3--BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS:

                                                                December 31,
                                                               ----------------
                                                                1998     1999
                                                               -------  -------

   Accounts receivable--third parties, net:
    Accounts receivable....................................... $ 5,541  $ 7,957
    Allowance for doubtful accounts...........................    (254)    (724)
                                                               -------  -------
                                                               $ 5,287  $ 7,233
                                                               =======  =======
   Property and equipment, net:
    Computer hardware......................................... $ 3,190  $ 3,907
    Purchased internal-use software...........................     895    1,082
    Furniture and equipment...................................     983    1,036
    Leasehold improvements....................................     500      533
                                                               -------  -------
                                                                 5,568    6,558
    Accumulated depreciation and amortization.................  (2,702)  (3,978)
                                                               -------  -------
                                                               $ 2,866  $ 2,580
                                                               =======  =======
   Accrued expenses:
    Accrued payroll and related expenses...................... $ 1,799  $ 1,753
    Other accrued liabilities.................................     316      740
                                                               -------  -------
                                                               $ 2,115  $ 2,493
                                                               =======  =======

NOTE 4--SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT:

   During 1995, Chordiant and Visa International Services Association entered
into an agreement to jointly perform research and development for a call center
software application. In December 1996, Chordiant received notice from Visa
terminating the agreement. At December 31, 1996, Chordiant had recorded the
total advances received under the agreement of $2,500 as deferred revenue. On
May 29, 1997, Visa and Chordiant completed mediation surrounding the
termination of the agreement and Chordiant agreed to refund Visa $1,700 of the
advances received. The remaining advances totaling $800 were recognized as
service revenue from third parties during the year ended December 31, 1997.

NOTE 5--RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

    Chordiant has entered into agreements with some holders of Chordiant's
mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock. These agreements consist
primarily of product licenses and related services. Revenues and related costs
of revenues together with deferred revenues, accounts receivable, accounts
payable and prepaid licenses from these related parties are separately
disclosed in the consolidated statements of operations and cash flows and in
the consolidated balance sheet.

                                      F-14

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

NOTE 6--BORROWINGS:

 Bank credit facility

    At December 31, 1999, Chordiant maintained a credit facility with a bank
consisting of three equipment loans in the aggregate amount of $2,351. As of
December 31, 1999, Chordiant had borrowed $910 under these loans. The loans
accrue interest at the bank's prime rate plus 0.25% (8.5% at December 31,
1999). The loans mature in June 2000, March 2000 and December 2000. The loans
are secured by the assets of Chordiant and include the following material
financial covenants, a minimum quick ratio of 1.25 to 1.00, a minimum liquidity
ratio of 1.50 to 1.00 and a minimum capital base of $4,000,000 through December
31, 1999 and $7,000,000 thereafter. At December 31, 1999, Chordiant was in
compliance with these covenants.

    In January 1999, Chordiant renegotiated its credit facility and entered
into an accounts receivable line of credit arrangement for borrowings of up to
$4,000 and an equipment loan in the amount of $1,000. Chordiant's borrowings
under the accounts receivable line of credit are limited to 80% of eligible
accounts receivable, accrue interest at the bank's prime rate and mature in
January 2000. The borrowings under the equipment loan accrue interest at the
bank's prime rate plus 0.25%, 8.5% at December 31, 1999, and mature in January
2002. As of December 31, 1999, Chordiant had borrowed $2,376 against the lines
of credit of which $1,485 is payable on demand.

 Convertible debt

    In April 1999, Chordiant raised $10,000 through a convertible debt
financing arrangement. The convertible debt bears interest at a rate of 9% per
annum and is payable in April 2004. The holders have the right to accelerate
Chordiant's obligation to repay the convertible debt upon a change in control,
initial public offering of at least $20,000 at a price not less than $10.00 per
share, or a significant transaction, as defined. The convertible debt also
provides the holders the right to convert the debt instrument into 2,000,000
shares of Chordiant's series D mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred
stock at a conversion rate of $5.00 per share.

    The aggregate future payments under the bank credit facilities and
convertible debt financing arrangement are as follows:

                                                                    December 31,
   Year Ending December 31,                                             1999
   ------------------------                                         ------------

   1999............................................................   $ 2,621
   2000............................................................       591
   2001............................................................        74
   2002............................................................        --
   2003............................................................        --
   2004............................................................    10,000
                                                                      -------
                                                                       13,286
   Less discount...................................................       (61)
   Less current portion (net of discount)..........................    (2,608)
                                                                      -------
   Long term portion (net of discount).............................   $10,617
                                                                      =======

                                      F-15

                           CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

NOTE 7--INCOME TAXES:

   No provision for income taxes has been recorded for any period presented as
Chordiant has incurred net operating losses for tax purposes.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following:

                                                                December 31,
                                                              -----------------
                                                                1998     1999
                                                              --------  -------

   Net operating loss carryforwards.......................... $  9,483  $17,700
   Accrued expenses and provisions...........................    3,588    3,700
   Tax credit carryforwards..................................      864    1,100
                                                              --------  -------
   Gross deferred tax assets.................................   13,935   22,500
   Deferred tax valuation allowance..........................  (13,935) (22,500)
                                                              --------  -------
   Net deferred tax assets................................... $     --  $    --
                                                              ========  =======

    Chordiant provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets when it
is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax
assets will not be realized. Based on a number of factors, including the lack
of a history of profits and that the market in which Chordiant competes is
intensely competitive and characterized by rapidly changing technology,
management believes that there is sufficient uncertainty regarding the
realization of deferred tax assets that a full valuation allowance has been
provided.

   At December 31, 1998, Chordiant had approximately $25,664 and $12,983 of
net operating loss carryforwards for federal and state purposes. At December
31, 1999, Chordiant had approximately $47,989 and $23,702 of net operating
loss carryforwards for federal and state purposes. These carryforwards are
available to offset future taxable income and expire beginning in 2011 and
2001.

   Under the Tax Reform Act of 1986, the amounts of and the benefit from net
operating losses that can be carried forward may be or limited in certain
circumstances. Events that may cause limitations in the utilization of net
operating losses include, a cumulative stock ownership change of more than 50%
over a three year period and other events. Chordiant has not yet determined
whether or not operating loss benefits are impaired or limited.

NOTE 8--COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

 Leases

   Chordiant leases its facilities and some equipment under noncancelable
operating leases that expire on various dates through 2004. Rent expense is
recognized ratably over the lease term. Future minimum lease payments as of
December 31, 1999, are as follows:

      Year Ending December 31,
      ------------------------

      2000............................................................. $1,687
      2001.............................................................  1,629
      2002.............................................................  1,512
      2003.............................................................  1,555
      2004.............................................................    799
      Thereafter.......................................................     --
                                                                        ------
                                                                        $7,182
                                                                        ======

   Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999 totaled
$559, $1,036 and $1,438.

                                     F-16

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

NOTE 9--MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK:

   Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock consists of the
following:

                                             Shares Issued and     Redemption
                                                Outstanding         Amount at
                                           --------------------- ---------------
                                               December 31,       December 31,
                                  Shares   --------------------- ---------------
                                Authorized    1998       1999     1998    1999
                                ---------- ---------- ---------- ------- -------

Series A.......................  6,838,905  6,838,905  6,838,905 $ 9,000 $ 9,000
Series B.......................  5,410,917  5,410,917  5,410,917   9,199   9,199
Series C.......................  4,199,216  4,199,216  4,199,216  10,750  10,750
Series D.......................  2,000,000         --         --      --      --
Series E.......................  6,578,947         --  5,963,156      --  22,660
                                ---------- ---------- ---------- ------- -------
                                25,027,985 16,449,038 22,412,194 $28,949 $51,609
                                ========== ========== ========== ======= =======

   The series A, series B, series C, series D and series E have rights,
preferences and restrictions concerning dividends, conversion, liquidation,
voting and redemption as follows:

 Dividends

   The holders of Series A, B, C, D and E are entitled to receive
noncumulative, preferential dividends of $0.1316, $0.17, $0.256, $0.50 and
$0.38 per share per annum when and if declared by the board of directors.

 Conversion

   Each share of series A, B, C, D and E is convertible into one share of
common stock, subject to protection from dilution. For series A, B, and C such
conversion is automatic upon the completion of a public offering of common
stock for which the aggregate proceeds exceed $10 million and the per share
offering price equals or exceeds $4.00. For Series D and E such conversion is
automatic upon the completion of a public offering of common stock for which
the aggregate proceeds exceed $30 million and the per share offering price
equals or exceeds $10.00, when the holders of the majority of the outstanding
series A, B, C, D and E elect to convert such shares into common stock. A total
of 24,412,194 shares of common stock have been reserved for the conversion of
the preferred stock.

 Liquidation

   If any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Chordiant occurs, series A,
B, C, D and E stockholders are entitled to a per share distribution in
preference to the holders of common stock equal to the original issue price per
share of $1.316, $1.70, $2.56, $5.00 and $3.80 plus any declared but unpaid
dividends. Upon liquidation, the series E stockholders are entitled to receive
their liquidation before and in preference to the holders of series A, B, C and
D. If funds are sufficient to make a complete distribution to the holders of
series A, B, C, D and E as described above, all remaining assets shall be
distributed among the holders of the common and preferred stock in proportion
to their stockholdings until the holders of the series A, B, C, D and E have
received a maximum distribution of $3.40, $3.40, $3.40, $6.64 and $6.64.

                                      F-17

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

 Voting

   The holders of series A, B, C, D and E have the right to one vote for each
share of common stock into which the series A, B, C, D and E could be
converted. The holders of series A, B, C, D and E have full voting rights and
powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of common stock.
The consent of more than fifty percent of the holders of series A, B, C, D and
E shares, voting together as a single class, is required for Chordiant to
perform the following:

  . redeem or acquire any shares of series A, B, C, D or E except as
    discussed below;

  . in any twelve month period, repurchase shares of common stock having a
    value in excess of $25 excluding Chordiant's right to repurchase shares
    held by employees, and directors upon termination of employment;

  . create any new class of securities convertible into equity securities of
    Chordiant having preference over the series A, B, C, D and E shares;

  . pay or set aside payment of any dividend or distribution on any share of
    common stock;

  . effect any transaction or series of related transactions in which more
    than fifty percent of the voting power of Chordiant is disposed of;

  . increase or decrease the authorized amount of preferred stock;

  . cause the sale of shares of any additional stock by a subsidiary of
    Chordiant; and

  . consent to any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of Chordiant.

   The holders of series A, B, C, D and E, voting as a separate class, are
entitled to elect one member to the board of directors. The holders of common
stock, voting as a separate class, are entitled to elect one member to the
board of directors. The holders of common and preferred stock, voting together
as a class on an as-if converted basis, shall be entitled to elect all
remaining members of the board of directors.

 Redemption

   On or after June 17, 2001 for Series A and B, on or after December 31, 2001
for Series C, on or after April 6, 2003 for Series D and on or after September
28, 2003, for Series E Chordiant is required, at the written request of holders
of not less than sixty percent of the then outstanding series A, B, C, D or E
preferred stock to redeem such holders' outstanding shares of series A, B, C, D
or E preferred stock for cash at the original issue price plus declared and
unpaid dividends in three annual installments beginning no earlier than one
full year following the date of the redemption request.

NOTE 10--COMMON STOCK:

   During 1997, 1998 and 1999, Chordiant repurchased 23,280, 30,395, and 25,575
shares of common stock at original issuance prices for a total repurchase price
of $5, $27, and $41. The shares were retired upon repurchase.

NOTE 11--STOCK OPTION PLAN:

   In November 1999, the 1999 equity incentive plan was adopted by the board of
directors and amends Chordiant's 1997 equity plan. The 1999 plan provides for
the grant to employees of incentive stock options within the meaning of Section
422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and for grants to employees, directors
and consultants of nonstatutory stock options and stock purchase rights. Unless
terminated sooner, the 1999 plan will terminate automatically in 2009. A total
of 9,712,500 shares of common stock have been reserved

                                      F-18

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

for issuance under the 1999 plan. The amount reserved under the plan will
automatically increase at the end of each year by the greater of (1) 5% of
outstanding shares on that date and (2) the number of shares subject to stock
awards made under the 1999 plan during the prior twelve month period. However,
the automatic increase is subject to reduction by the board of directors. The
1999 plan is administered by the board of directors or a committee that this
board delegated this power and provides generally that the option price shall
not be less than the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant and
that no portion may be exercised beyond ten years from that date. Under the
1999 plan, stock options vest over a period that is limited to five years, but
are typically granted with a four year vesting period. Each option outstanding
under the 1999 plan may be exercised in whole or in part at any time. Exercised
but unvested shares are subject to repurchase by Chordiant at the initial
exercise price. At December 31, 1999, 161,384 shares were subject to
repurchase.

   During 1997, the Company implemented the bonus and salary conversion plan.
The bonus plan provides a means by which selected employees may elect to forego
cash bonuses in exchange for fully vested options to purchase shares of
Chordiant's common stock. During the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and
1999, 500,000, 189,108 and 0 options were granted under the bonus plan with
exercise prices ranging from $0.07 to $0.32 per share. The shares subject to
the bonus plan can not exceed 750,000.

    The following table summarizes option activity under Chordiant's stock-
based compensation plans:

                                          Years Ended December 31,
                          -----------------------------------------------------------
                                 1997                1998                1999
                          ------------------- ------------------- -------------------
                                     Weighted            Weighted            Weighted
                                     Average             Average             Average
                                     Exercise            Exercise            Exercise
                           Shares     Price    Shares     Price    Shares     Price
                          ---------  -------- ---------  -------- ---------  --------

Outstanding at beginning
  of period.............    774,187   $0.12   2,217,653   $0.21   5,980,581   $ 0.60
Granted.................  1,619,762    0.25   4,435,474    0.74   3,392,550     3.66
Cancelled...............   (144,658)   0.13    (435,911)   0.32    (886,770)    1.06
Exercised...............    (31,638)   0.14    (236,635)   0.26    (712,703)    1.28
                          ---------           ---------           ---------
Outstanding at end of
  period................  2,217,653    0.21   5,980,581    0.60   7,773,658     1.82
                          ---------           ---------           ---------
Options exercisable at
  end of period.........    517,545           1,284,044           2,672,112
                          ---------           ---------           ---------
Weighted average minimum
  value of options
  granted during the
  period................              $0.06               $0.16               $ 0.79
                                      =====               =====               ======

    The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
and exercisable at December 31, 1999:

                         Options Outstanding at     Options Exercisable
                           December 31, 1999        at December 31, 1999
                     ------------------------------ --------------------
                                           Weighted             Weighted
                                 Weighted  Average              Average
      Range of         Number     Average  Exercise   Number    Exercise
   Exercise Prices   Outstanding Remaining  Price   Exercisable  Price
   ---------------   ----------- --------- -------- ----------- --------

   $0.08-0.14         1,170,332    7.03     $0.20      863,635   $0.20
   $0.30-0.40             7,359    7.95      0.40        7,359    0.40
   $0.64              2,886,815    8.36      0.64    1,432,236    0.64
   $0.90-1.50           666,813    8.79      1.18      204,443    1.15
   $2.90                727,607    9.21      2.90      123,577    2.90
   $3.10-4.00         2,314,732    9.82      3.99       40,862    3.99
                      ---------                      ---------
                      7,773,658                      2,672,112
                      =========                      =========

                                      F-19

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

   During the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999, Chordiant recorded
unearned compensation expense of approximately $498, $1,500 and $11,274 related
to the issuance of stock options. These expenses are being amortized over a
period of four years from the date of issuance using the "multiple option"
approach prescribed by FASB Interpretation No. 28, "Accounting for Stock
Appreciation Rights and Other Variable Stock Option or Reward Plans.
Amortization of unearned compensation expense related to these options of
approximately $498, $489, and $2,660, was included in operating expenses as
stock-based compensation in the years ended December 31, 1997 1998 and 1999.

   Had compensation cost for Chordiant's stock-based compensation awards been
determined based on the minimum value at the grant dates as prescribed by SFAS
No. 123, Chordiant's net loss would have been as follows:

                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                     1997      1998      1999
                                                   --------  --------  ---------

   Net Loss:
     As reported.................................  $(11,593) $(17,440) $(23,137)
     Pro forma...................................  $(11,643) $(17,746) $(23,944)
   Basic and diluted net loss per share:
     As reported.................................  $  (2.31) $  (3.44) $  (4.34)
     Pro forma...................................  $  (2.32) $  (3.50) $  (4.49)

   Under SFAS No. 123, the minimum value of each option grant is estimated on
the grant date using the following weighted average assumptions:

                                                                 Year Ended
                                                                December 31,
                                                               ----------------
                                                               1997  1998  1999
                                                               ----  ----  ----

   Expected lives in years.................................... 4.6   4.6   4.6
   Risk free interest rates................................... 6.2%  6.2%  5.5%
   Dividend yield............................................. 0.0%  0.0%  0.0%
   Volatility................................................. 0.0%  0.0%  0.0%

   Because the determination of the fair value of all options granted after
Chordiant becomes a public entity will include an expected volatility factor in
addition to the other factors described in the table above and because
additional option grants are expected to be made each year, the above pro forma
disclosures are not representative of the pro forma effects of option grants on
reported results for future years.

NOTE 12--EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS:

 401(k) Savings Plan

   Chordiant sponsors a 401(k) Savings Plan. Under the 401(k) plan, employees
may elect to contribute up to 15% of their pre-tax compensation. Chordiant's
contributions to the 401(k) plan totaled $66, $99, and $155 for the years ended
December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999.

 Defined Contribution Plan

   Chordiant also sponsors a defined contribution pension plan for the
employees of Chordiant's sales office in the United Kingdom. Under the pension
plan, each employee of the United Kingdom sales office may elect to contribute
5% of their pre-tax compensation. Chordiant's contributions to the pension plan
totaled $0, $62, and $123 for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998, and
1999.

                                      F-20

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   In November 1999, the 1999 employee stock purchase plan was adopted by the
board of directors and will be submitted to the stockholders for their approval
before the date of Chordiant's initial public offering, to become effective on
the date of the initial public offering. The purchase plan permits participants
to purchase common stock through payroll deductions. A total of 2,000,000
shares of common stock have been reserved for issuance under to the purchase
plan. The amount reserved under the plan will automatically increase at the end
of each year by the greater of (1) 2% outstanding shares on such date and (2)
the number of shares subject to stock awards made under the purchase plan
during the prior twelve month period. However, the automatic increase is
subject to reduction by the board of directors.

 1999 Non-Employees Director Option Plan

   In November 1999, the 1999 director option plan was adopted by the board of
directors and will be submitted to the stockholders for their approval before
the date of Chordiant's initial public offering, to become effective on the
date of the initial public offering. The director plan provides for the
automatic grant of a nonstatutory option to purchase 25,000 shares of common
stock to each new non-employee director who becomes a director after the date
of Chordiant's initial public offering on the date that such person becomes a
director. Each current and future non-employee director will automatically be
granted an additional nonstatutory option to purchase 7,500 shares on the day
after each of Chordiant's annual meetings of the stockholders. Each director
who is a member of a board committee will automatically be granted an
additional nonstatutory option to purchase 5,000 shares on the day after each
of Chordiant's annual meetings of the stockholders. A total of 700,000 shares
of common stock have been reserved for issuance under the director plan. The
amount reserved under the plan will automatically increase each year by the
greater of (1) 0.5% outstanding shares on such date and (2) the number of
shares subject to stock awards made under the director plan during the prior
twelve month period. However, the automatic increase is subject to reduction by
the board of directors.

NOTE 13--LICENSE AGREEMENT:

   During 1996, Chordiant entered into a value-added reseller license and
services agreement with Forte Software, Inc. Under this agreement, Chordiant
may acquire full-use product licenses for assignment to one or more third-party
end-users and pay Forte Software, Inc. the license fees due upon delivery of
the product licenses. The amounts payable to Forte Software, Inc. total 75% of
the license fees charged to the end-user by Chordiant and are recognized as a
cost of net revenues.

   During 1997, following the re-negotiation of a product license agreement
with a third-party end-user, Forte Software, Inc. forgave some amounts due from
Chordiant under the value-added reseller license and services agreement.
Chordiant recognized $333 in other income during 1997.

NOTE 14--SUBSEQUENT EVENTS:

 Reclassification

   The statement of operations has been reclassified to allocate the non-cash
compensation expense related to the issuance of stock options from a one line
expense item in operating expenses to the individual amounts related to cost of
net revenues, sales and marketing, research and development, and general and
administrative.

 Acquisition

   On January 8, 2001, Chordiant entered into a merger agreement with Prime
Response as set forth in Annex A of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                      F-21

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

 Purchase of In-Process Technology

   Chordiant entered into a license and related service agreements in 1998 with
a customer who alleged a breach of the agreements between the parties. At
December 31, 1999, the outstanding receivable balance from this customer was
$1.7 million. On March 1, 2000, the parties agreed to terminate the existing
agreements and the customer agreed to pay the outstanding receivable of $1.7
million. The parties also entered into a separate technology agreement whereby
the customer transferred to Chordiant ownership of certain in-process
technology and intellectual property developed by the parties under the
existing agreements. Chordiant intends to use this technology to add additional
functionality to its core product as well as develop and market a credit and
collections application for the financial services industry. Chordiant agreed
to pay the customer $3.5 million for the intellectual property rights to the
technology. The customer retains an option to purchase a license to the credit
and collections application when it is made commercially available by
Chordiant. The customer has also agreed to assist Chordiant by providing
certain consulting services in designing the application. The consideration
paid to acquire the in-process technology of $3.5 million was charged to
expense in the period Chordiant entered into the technology agreement. The
write off was necessary because the in-process technology had not reached
technological feasibility and had no alternative uses.

                                      F-22

Chordiant Software, Inc. And Subsidiaries
Financial Statements
Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2000
(Unaudited)

                                      F-23

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)

                                                    December 31, September 30,
                                                        1999         2000
                                                    ------------ -------------
                                                                  (unaudited)

ASSETS
Current Assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents.........................   $ 6,719      $ 53,985
Short-term investments.............................     2,000        12,564
 Accounts receivable--third parties, net...........     7,233        17,904
 Accounts receivable--related parties..............     1,211         1,096
 Other current assets..............................     1,775         5,449
                                                      -------      --------
  Total current assets.............................    18,938        90,998
Property and equipment, net........................     2,580         4,046
Intangible assets, net.............................        --         4,848
Other assets.......................................       568         2,085
                                                      -------      --------
                                                      $22,086      $101,977
                                                      =======      ========
LIABILITIES, MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
Current Liabilities:
 Borrowings........................................   $ 2,608      $    902
 Accounts payable--third parties...................     2,101         3,379
 Accrued expenses..................................     2,493         3,130
 Deferred revenue..................................     9,903        15,185
                                                      -------      --------
  Total current liabilities........................    17,105        22,596
 Borrowings, long-term.............................    10,617            --
 Deferred revenue..................................       293         8,810
 Other liabilities.................................       244         1,591
                                                      -------      --------
  Total liabilities................................    28,259        32,997
                                                      -------      --------
Mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred
 stock.............................................    51,609            --
                                                      -------      --------
Stockholders' Equity (Deficit):
 Common stock......................................         6            41
 Additional paid-in capital........................    14,652       170,634
 Note receivable from stockholders.................      (406)       (1,862)
 Deferred stock-based compensation.................    (9,470)       (8,179)
 Accumulated deficit...............................   (62,564)      (91,654)
                                                      -------      --------
  Total stockholders' equity (deficit).............   (57,782)       68,980
                                                      -------      --------
                                                      $22,086      $101,977
                                                      =======      ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
                             financial statements.

                                      F-24

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)
                                  (unaudited)

                                   Three Months Ended     Nine Months Ended
                                     September 30,          September 30,
                                  ---------------------  ---------------------
                                    1999        2000       1999        2000
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------

Net revenues:
 License--third parties.......... $     443  $    3,132  $   3,363  $    6,856
 License--related parties........     1,442       2,139      1,962       3,834
 Service--third parties..........     2,324       3,669      6,692       6,749
 Service--related parties........      (154)        760        230       4,670
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
  Total net revenues.............     4,055       9,700     12,247      22,109
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Cost of net revenues:
 License--third parties..........       113         221        158         405
 License--related parties........        60          --         60          39
 Service--third parties..........     3,402       4,744      9,412      11,087
 Service--related parties........        --         373        353       1,391
 Non cash cost of revenue........        52         515        198       1,920
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
  Total cost of net revenues.....     3,627       5,853     10,181      14,842
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Gross profit.....................       428       3,847      2,066       7,267
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing.............     3,283       5,555      9,557      15,630
 Non cash sales and marketing....        56         376        212       1,401
 Research and development........     1,487       3,481      4,790      10,391
 Non cash research and
  development....................        64         516        242       1,920
 Purchased in-process research
  and development................        --         734         --       4,234
 General and administrative......       701       1,689      1,912       4,068
 Non cash general and
  administrative.................        30         174        112         648
 Amortization of goodwill........        --         353         --         353
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
  Total operating expenses.......     5,621      12,878     16,825      38,645
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
Loss from operations.............    (5,193)     (9,031)   (14,759)    (31,378)
Interest expense.................      (356)        (30)      (747)       (249)
Other income (expense), net......        38       1,018         70       2,537
                                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------
 Net loss........................ $  (5,511) $   (8,043) $ (15,436) $  (29,090)
                                  =========  ==========  =========  ==========
Net loss per share:
Basic and diluted................ $   (1.02) $    (0.22) $   (2.93) $    (0.90)
                                  =========  ==========  =========  ==========
Weighted average shares.......... 5,387,431  37,334,958  5,263,874  32,206,772

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
                             financial statements.

                                      F-25

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

                CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
            (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)
                                  (unaudited)

                                                             Nine Months Ended
                                                               September 30,
                                                             ------------------
                                                               1999      2000
                                                             --------  --------

Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss..................................................  ($15,436) ($29,090)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
  operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization............................       955     1,124
  Purchased in-process research and development............        --       734
  Amortization of intangible assets........................        --       354
  Stock-based compensation.................................       764     5,890
  Provision for doubtful accounts..........................       211      (379)
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable--third parties.......................     3,171   (10,270)
  Accounts receivable--related parties.....................      (726)      115
  Other current assets.....................................      (468)   (3,674)
  Other assets.............................................       (82)   (1,296)
  Accounts payable--third parties..........................    (1,774)    1,072
  Accounts payable--related parties........................      (206)       --
  Accrued expenses.........................................       272       604
  Prepaid licenses--related parties........................        --        --
  Deferred revenue.........................................    (3,673)   13,799
   Other liabilities.......................................       125     1,347
                                                             --------  --------
Net cash used in operating activities......................   (16,867)  (19,670)
                                                             --------  --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchases of property and equipment.......................      (503)   (2,566)
 Net cash used in the acquisition of White Spider..........        --        29
 Purchases of short-term investments.......................      (800)  (10,564)
 Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term
  investments..............................................     1,851        --
                                                             --------  --------
   Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities.....       548   (13,101)
                                                             --------  --------
Cash flows from financing activities:
 Issuance of Mandatorily Redeemable Convertible Preferred
  Stock, net...............................................    22,160        --
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock, in IPO, net.......        --    80,411
 Exercise of stock options.................................       108       999
 Proceeds from Employee Stock Purchase Plan................        --       957
 Repurchase of common stock................................       (39)       (7)
 Proceeds from borrowings..................................    14,726        --
 Repayment of borrowings...................................    (1,272)   (2,323)
                                                             --------  --------
   Net cash provided by financing activities...............    35,683    80,037
                                                             --------  --------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents..................    19,364    47,266
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period...........     1,713     6,719
                                                             --------  --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period.................  $ 21,077  $ 53,985
                                                             ========  ========
Supplemental cash flow information:
 Cash paid for interest....................................  $    747  $    251
                                                             ========  ========
Supplemental non-cash activities:
 Issuance of common stock upon conversion of preferred
  stock....................................................        --    51,609
 Issuance of stock in connection with the White Spider
  acquisition .............................................        --     5,993
 Issuance of stock upon conversion of debt.................        --    10,000
 Common stock issued for stockholder note..................        --     1,456
                                                             ========  ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
                             financial statements.

                                      F-26

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

        NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

NOTE 1--NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION:

   Chordiant provides e-business infrastructure software for customer
interaction applications. Chordiant's product helps enable companies to offer
their customers personalized marketing, sales programs, e-business services and
customer support

   The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2000 and 1999 are unaudited and have been
prepared on a basis consistent with the December 31, 1999 audited financial
statements and include normal recurring adjustments which are, in the opinion
of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the results of these
periods. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated in the accompanying financial statements. The results of operations
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2000 are not necessarily
indicative of results to be expected for the entire year or any other period.

NOTE 2--SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

 Revenue Recognition

   Chordiant derives revenues from licenses of its software and related
services, which include assistance in implementation, customization and
integration, post-contract customer support, training and consulting.

   On contracts involving significant implementation or customization essential
to the functionality of the Chordiant's product, license and service revenues
are recognized using the percentage-of- completion method using labor hours
incurred as the measure of progress towards completion as proscribed by SOP No.
81-1, "Accounting for Performance of Construction-type and Certain Production-
Type Contracts". Chordiant considers that a project is completed at the go-live
date. When Chordiant sells additional licenses, revenue from additional seats
is recognized at the go-live date if the seats have been delivered. Chordiant
classifies revenues from these arrangements as license and services revenues,
based upon the estimated fair value of each element. Provisions for estimated
contract losses are recognized in the period in which the loss becomes probable
and can be reasonably estimated.

   On contracts that do not involve significant implementation or customization
essential to the functionality of Chordiant's product, license fees are
recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement for a fixed and
determinable fee that is probable of collection and when delivery has occurred.
For arrangements with multiple elements, Chordiant recognizes revenue for
services and post-contract customer support based upon vendor specific
objective evidence (VSOE), VSOE for the services element is based upon the
standard hourly rates it charges for services when such services are sold
separately, VSOE for annual post- contract customer support is established with
the stated future renewal rates included in the contracts. Chordiant recognizes
revenue for the license portion of a multiple element arrangement based upon
the residual contract value as prescribed by Statement of Position No. 98-9,
"Modification of SoP No. 97-2 with Respect to CertainTransactions."

   Revenues from reseller arrangements are recognized when reported by the
reseller upon re-licensing of Chordiant's software to end users. Chordiant's
agreements with its customers and resellers do not contain product return
rights.

   Other service revenues from consulting and training services are recognized
as such services are performed. Service revenues from post-contract customer
support are recognized ratably over the support period, generally one year.

                                      F-27

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)--(Continued)

 Use of Estimates

   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 Goodwill and other Intangible Assets

   The cost of intangible assets is amortized, principally on a straight-line
basis, over the estimated periods benefited, generally three years for goodwill
and other intangible assets. The realizability of goodwill and other
intangibles is evaluated periodically when events or circumstances indicate a
possible inability to recover the carrying amount. Such evaluation is based on
various analyses, including cash flow and profitability projections that
incorporate the impact of the Company's existing businesses. The analyses
necessarily involve significant management judgment to evaluate the capacity of
an acquired business to perform within projections.

 Comprehensive income (loss)

   Chordiant reports comprehensive income (loss) in accordance with the
Financial Accounting Standards Board's (FASB) Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income." Comprehensive income
(loss), as defined, includes all changes in equity (net assets) during a period
from non-owner sources. As of the three and nine months ended September 30,
2000 and 1999 respectively, we had not had any transactions that are required
to be reported in comprehensive income (loss).

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 133,
Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging Activities. SFAS No. 133 establishes a
new model for accounting for derivatives and hedging activities and supercedes
and amends a number of existing accounting standards. SFAS No. 133 requires
that all derivatives be recognized in the balance sheet at their fair market
value and the corresponding derivative gains or losses be either reported in
the statement of operations or in other comprehensive income depending on the
type of hedge relationship that exists with respect to any derivatives. In July
1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 137, Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities--Deferral of Effective Date
of FASB Statement No. 133. SFAS No. 137 deferred the effective date until
fiscal years commencing after June 15, 2000. Chordiant will adopt SFAS No. 133
on January 1, 2001. In June 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
issued SFAS No. 138, "Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain
Hedging Activities -- an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133". Chordiant does
not believe that the pronouncement will have a material impact on its financial
condition or results of operations as currently conducted.

   In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101 (SAB 101), "Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements." SAB 101 summarizes certain of the SEC's views in applying
generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in financial
statements. In June 2000, the SEC issued SAB No. 101B to defer the effective
date of implementation of SAB No. 101 until the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000.
Chordiant does not expect the adoption of SAB 101 to have a material effect on
it financial position or results of operations.

NOTE 3--INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING:

   On February 15, 2000, Chordiant completed its initial public offering of
4,500,000 shares of common stock. Additionally, on February 25, 2000, the
underwriters of the initial public offering exercised their over-

                                      F-28

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)--(Continued)

allotment option to purchase an additional 675,000 shares. At the offering
price of $18.00 per share, we received $80.4 million from these transactions,
net of underwriting discounts and commissions.

   Effective upon the closing of our initial public offering, the outstanding
shares of Series A, B, C, D and E Preferred Stock were converted into
6,838,905, 5,410,917, 4,199,216, 2,000,000, 5,963,156 shares of Common Stock,
respectively.

NOTE 4--STOCK SPLIT:

   On November 30, 1999, Chordiant's board of directors approved a one-for-two
reverse stock split of its common stock. The stock split was effective on
February 4, 2000. All shares and per share amounts of common stock for all
periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock
split.

NOTE 5--NET LOSS PER SHARE:

   Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for the period
by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for the period
by the weighted average number of common and potential common shares
outstanding during the period. Potential common stock consists of the
incremental number of common stock issuable upon conversion of mandatorily
redeemable convertible preferred stock (using the if-converted method), common
stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options (using the treasury stock
method), common stock issuable upon the assumed conversion of convertible debt
(using the if-converted method) and common stock subject to repurchase by us.
The calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes potential common shares
if their effect is anti-dilutive.

   The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net loss
per share for the periods indicated (amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data):

                                Three Months Ended       Nine Months Ended
                                  September 30,            September 30,
                              -----------------------  -----------------------
                                 1999        2000         1999        2000
                              ----------  -----------  ----------  -----------

Net loss available to common
 stockholders...............  $   (5,511) $    (8,043) $  (15,436) $   (29,090)
                              ----------  -----------  ----------  -----------
Weighted average common
 stock outstanding..........   5,425,265   37,734,336   5,306,157   32,576,604
Weighted average common
  stock subject to
  repurchase................     (37,784)    (399,378)    (42,283)    (369,832)
                              ----------  -----------  ----------  -----------
Denominator for basic and
 diluted calculation........   5,387,481   37,334,958   5,263,874   32,206,772
                              ----------  -----------  ----------  -----------
Net loss per share--basic
 and diluted................  $    (1.02) $     (0.22) $    (2.93) $     (0.90)
                              ==========  ===========  ==========  ===========

                                      F-29

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)--(Continued)

NOTE 6--SEGMENT INFORMATION:

    Chordiant has adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 131, "Disclosure About
Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information." Chordiant identifies its
operating segment based on business activities, management responsibility and
geographic location. During all periods presented, Chordiant operated in a
single business segment.

   Foreign revenues are based on the country in which the customer is located.
The following is a summary of total net revenues by geographic area (in
thousands):

                                           Three Months Ended  Nine Months Ended
                                              September 30,      September 30,
                                           ------------------- -----------------
                                             1999      2000      1999     2000
                                           --------- --------- -------- --------

   United States.......................... $   2,877 $   3,013 $  8,244 $  6,378
   United Kingdom.........................     1,066     6,505    1,967   13,082
   South Africa...........................        --        16       --    1,739
   Germany................................        --        80       --      555
   Canada.................................        47        55      429      232
   The Netherlands........................        65        31    1,607      123
                                           --------- --------- -------- --------
                                           $   4,055 $   9,700 $ 12,247 $ 22,109
                                           ========= ========= ======== ========

   Property and equipment information is based on the physical location of the
assets. The following is a summary of property and equipment by geographic area
(in thousands):

                                                      December 31, September 30,
                                                          1999         2000
                                                      ------------ -------------

   United States.....................................    $2,350       $3,459
   United Kingdom....................................       230          587
                                                         ------       ------
                                                         $2,580       $4,046
                                                         ======       ======

NOTE 7--ACQUISITION:

   On July 19, 2000, Chordiant and White Spider entered into a stock purchase
agreement (the "Agreement"). Under the terms of the Agreement, Chordiant issued
349,954 shares of Common Stock in exchange for the 4,728,290 shares of White
Spider's Common Stock outstanding as of the date of the acquisition. In
addition, employee options to purchase approximately 1,710,000 shares of White
Spider's Common Stock were assumed by Chordiant and became options to purchase
126,562 shares of Chordiant's Common Stock. This transaction was accounted for
as a purchase business combination in accordance with Accounting Principles
Board ("APB") Opinion No. 16, "Business Combinations." Total consideration for
the transaction is estimated as follows:

   Shares of Chordiant common stock................................... $5,904
   Options to purchase Chordiant Common Stock.........................  2,122
   Less: Intrinsic value of unvested options allocated to deferred
    stock-based compensation.......................................... (2,033)
   Direct acquisition cost............................................    200
                                                                       ------
                                                                       $6,193
                                                                       ======

                                      F-30

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)--(Continued)

   The value of the options included in the purchase price was determined using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. In accordance with FIN 44, "Accounting
for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation--an interpretation of APB
25," unvested stock options granted by Chordiant in exchange for options held
by White Spider was considered part of the purchase price paid by Chordiant.
However, to the extent that service was required subsequent to the date of the
acquisition in order to vest in the replacement options, a portion of the
intrinsic value of the unvested options was deducted from the fair value of the
options issued and allocated to unearned compensation. The amount allocated to
deferred stock-based compensation was based on the portion of the intrinsic
value of the replacement options at the acquisition date related to future
vesting period and was recognized as compensation expense over the remaining
vesting period.

   In accordance with APB No. 16, "Business Combinations," the total
consideration paid has been allocated to assets acquired, including tangible
and intangible assets, and liabilities assumed based on their respective
estimated fair values at the acquisition date. Fair values were based on
management estimates and an independent appraisal of certain intangible assets.
The total consideration was allocated as follows (in thousands):

   Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed............... $    92
   In-process technology...............................................     734
   Workforce-in-place..................................................     198
   Goodwill............................................................   5,169
                                                                        -------
                                                                        $ 6,193
                                                                        =======

   Tangible assets of White Spider acquired principally include cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable, fixed assets and other assets. Liabilities of
White Spider assumed principally include borrowing, accounts payables and
accrued expenses.

   The value of the purchase in-process technology was determined by estimating
the projected net cash flows related to the product, determined based upon
Chordiant's estimates of costs to complete the development of the technology
and the future revenue to be earned upon commercialization of the products. The
estimated stage of completion (expressed as a percentage of completion) for
each project was calculated and then was applied to the net cash flow for the
product. The cash flows were then discounted back to their net present value.

   The value attributed to in-process technology was charged to expense in the
period the acquisition is consummated.

   The write-off was necessary because the acquired in-process technology has
not yet reached technological feasibility and has no future alternatives uses.
The product under development may not achieve commercial viability. The nature
of the efforts required to develop the purchased in-process technology into a
commercially viable product principally relate to the completion of all
planning, designing, prototyping, verification and testing activities that are
necessary to establish that the product can be produced to meet its designed
specifications, including functions, features and technical performance
requirements.

   The value allocated to the assembled workforce is attributable to the White
Spider workforce in place after the acquisition which eliminates the need to
hire new replacement employees. The value was determined by estimating the cost
involved in assembling a new workforce including costs of salaries, benefits,
training and recruiting.

   The excess of purchase price over tangible and identifiable intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill.

                                      F-31

                            CHORDIANT SOFTWARE, INC.

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)--(Continued)

NOTE 8--PURCHASE OF IN-PROCESS TECHNOLOGY:

   Chordiant entered into a license and related service agreements with a
customer who alleged a breach of the agreements between the parties. At
December 31, 1999, the outstanding receivable balance from this customer was
$1.7 million. On March 1, 2000, the parties agreed to terminate the existing
agreements and the customer agreed to pay the outstanding receivable of $1.7
million. The parties also entered into a separate technology agreement whereby
the customer transferred to Chordiant ownership of certain in-process
technology and intellectual property developed by the parties under the
existing agreements. Chordiant intends to use this technology to add additional
functionality to its core product as well as develop and market a credit and
collections application for the financial services industry. Chordiant agreed
to pay the customer $3.5 million for the intellectual property rights to the
technology. The customer retains an option to purchase a license to the credit
and collections application when it is made commercially available by
Chordiant. The customer has also agreed to assist Chordiant by providing
certain consulting services in designing the application. The consideration
paid to acquire the in-process technology of $3.5 million was charged to
expense in the period Chordiant entered into the technology agreement. The
write off was necessary because the in-process technology had not reached
technological feasibility and had no alternative uses.

                                      F-32

White Spider Software, Inc.
Financial Statements
Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 1999
And Six Months
Ended June 30, 2000

                                      F-33

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders  of White Spider Software, Inc.

   In our opinion, the accompanying balance sheets and the related statements
of operations, of stockholders' equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of White Spider Software, Inc. at
December 31, 1999, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States. These financial statements are the responsibility of White
Spider Software, Inc.'s management; our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit of
these statements in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in
the United States, which require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

September 8, 2000 San Jose, California

                                      F-34

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                                 BALANCE SHEETS

                                                       December 31,  June 30,
                                                           1999        2000
                                                       ------------ -----------
                                                                    (unaudited)

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents...........................   $ 17,147    $ 65,710
  Accounts receivable, net............................     34,627      61,674
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets...........      2,166      35,999
                                                         --------    --------
    Total current assets..............................     53,940     163,383

Property and equipment, net...........................     11,980      24,585
                                                         --------    --------
                                                         $ 65,920    $187,968
                                                         ========    ========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable....................................   $    115    $  5,590
  Accrued liabilities.................................      5,177      41,561
  Borrowings..........................................         --      45,000
  Notes payable, current..............................     33,318          --
                                                         --------    --------
    Total liabilities.................................     38,610      92,151
                                                         --------    --------

Commitments (Note 7)

Stockholders' equity:
  Common Stock: $0.01 par value; 10,000,000 shares
   authorized at December 31, 1999 and June 30, 2000;
   100,000 and 4,728,290 (unaudited) shares issued and
   outstanding
   at December 31, 1999 and June 30, 2000,
   respectively.......................................        100      19,383
  Additional paid-in capital..........................      3,844     470,562
  Retained earnings (accumulated deficit).............     23,366    (119,737)
  Deferred stock-based compensation...................         --    (274,391)
                                                         --------    --------
    Total stockholders' equity........................     27,310      95,817
                                                         --------    --------

                                                         $ 65,920    $187,968
                                                         ========    ========

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-35

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                            STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                               Six Months
                                                 Year Ended       Ended
                                                December 31,    June 30,
                                                ------------ ----------------
                                                    1999     1999     2000
                                                ------------ -----  ---------
                                                               (unaudited)

Service revenue................................   $65,528    $  --  $ 281,028
Cost of service revenue (exclusive of stock-
 based compensation expense of $70,812 in
 2000).........................................    12,295       --    108,607
                                                  -------    -----  ---------
Gross profit...................................    53,233       --    172,421
                                                  -------    -----  ---------
Operating expenses:
 Research and development (exclusive of stock-
  based compensation expense of $46,482 in
  2000)........................................    12,986       --    114,468
 Sales and marketing...........................        --       --     33,118
 General and administrative....................    13,209      470     49,880
 Stock-based compensation expense..............        --       --    117,294
                                                  -------    -----  ---------
  Total operating expenses.....................    26,195      470    314,760
                                                  -------    -----  ---------
Income/(loss) from operations..................    27,038     (470)  (142,339)
Interest expense...............................        --       --       (764)
                                                  -------    -----  ---------
Net income (loss)..............................   $27,038    $(470) $(143,103)
                                                  =======    =====  =========

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-36

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                       STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                                                         Retained
                            Common Stock    Additional   Earnings     Deferred       Total
                          -----------------  Paid-In   (Accumulated Stock-based  Stockholders'
                           Shares   Amount   Capital     Deficit)   Compensation    Equity
                          --------- ------- ---------- ------------ ------------ -------------

Balance at December 31,
 1998...................    100,000 $   100  $  3,844   $  (3,672)   $      --     $     272
Net income..............         --      --        --      27,038           --        27,038
                          --------- -------  --------   ---------    ---------     ---------
Balance at December 31,
 1999...................    100,000     100     3,844      23,366           --        27,310
Common Stock issued to
 founders upon
 cancellation of notes
 payable (unaudited)....  3,000,000   3,000        --          --           --         3,000
Common Stock issued to
 employees upon
 cancellation of notes
 payable (unaudited)....     20,790     208     8,108          --           --         8,316
Common Stock issued to
 employees for services
 (unaudited)............  1,400,000  14,000        --          --           --        14,000
Common Stock issued for
 cash (unaudited).......    207,500   2,075    80,925          --           --        83,000
Deferred stock-based
 compensation
 (unaudited)............         --      --   377,685          --     (377,685)           --
Stock-based compensation
 expense (unaudited)....         --      --        --          --      103,294       103,294
Net loss (unaudited)....         --      --        --    (143,103)          --      (143,103)
                          --------- -------  --------   ---------    ---------     ---------
Balance at June 30, 2000
 (unaudited)............  4,728,290 $19,383  $470,562   $(119,737)   $(274,391)    $  95,817
                          ========= =======  ========   =========    =========     =========

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-37

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                            STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                Six Months
                                                  Year Ended       Ended
                                                 December 31,    June 30,
                                                 ------------ ----------------
                                                     1999     1999     2000
                                                 ------------ -----  ---------
                                                                (unaudited)

Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net income (loss)..............................   $27,038    $(470) $(143,103)
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to
  net cash
  used in operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization.................       563       --      3,747
  Stock compensation expense....................        --       --    117,294
  Changes in current assets and liabilities:
   Accounts receivable..........................   (34,627)      --    (27,047)
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets....    (1,994)    (237)   (33,833)
   Accounts payable.............................       115       --      5,475
   Accrued liabilities..........................     5,177       --     36,384
                                                   -------    -----  ---------
    Net cash used in operating activities.......    (3,728)    (707)   (41,083)
                                                   -------    -----  ---------

Cash flows from investing activities:
 Purchase of property and equipment.............   (12,543)      --    (16,352)
                                                   -------    -----  ---------
    Net cash used in investing activities.......   (12,543)      --    (16,352)
                                                   -------    -----  ---------

Cash flows from financing activities:
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock.........        --       --     83,000
 Proceeds from (repayment of) note payable......    33,318    1,006         --
 Repayment of note payable......................        --       --    (22,002)
 Proceeds from bank borrowings..................        --       --     45,000
                                                   -------    -----  ---------
    Net cash provided by financing activities...    33,318    1,006    105,998
                                                   -------    -----  ---------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents.......    17,047      299     48,563
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of
 period.........................................       100      100     17,147
                                                   -------    -----  ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period......   $17,147    $ 399  $  65,710
                                                   =======    =====  =========

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-38

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1--THE COMPANY AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

 The Company

   White Spider Software, Inc. (the "Company"), provides software consulting
services, including contract software development, technology planning and
strategy services. Recently, the Company has shifted its focus to development
its first knowledge management software product, the Integrated Knowledge
Network ("INN"). The INN will allow organizations to retain and leverage
knowledge and enable collaborations in support of customer relationship
management. The Company was incorporated in Delaware on July 21, 1998.

 Unaudited interim results

   The financial information as of June 30, 2000 and for each of the six month
period ended June 30, 1999 and 2000, together with the related notes, are
unaudited. The unaudited interim financial information have been prepared on
the same basis as the financial statements as of December 31, 1999 and for the
year then ended and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments,
which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly
the Company's results of operations and its cash flow for each of the six month
periods ended June 30, 1999 and 2000. The results of operations of any interim
period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the full
year.

 Use of estimates

   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

 Stock split

   On January 24, 2000, the Company's Board of Directors approved a ten-for-one
Common Stock split. All share numbers in these financial statements and notes
thereto for all periods presented have been adjusted to reflect the ten-for-one
Common Stock split.

 Revenue recognition

   The Company derives its revenues primarily from consulting service
agreements (both fixed-price and time-and-materials agreements). Revenues are
recognized over the period of each engagement using primarily the percentage-
of-completion method using labor hours incurred as a measure of progress
towards completion. Provision for contract adjustments and losses are recorded
in the period such adjustments are identified.

 Software development costs

   Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 86, "Accounting for
the Costs of Computer Software to be Sold, Leased or Otherwise Marketed,"
requires capitalization of certain software development process, technological
feasibility is established upon successful development of a working model. For
all periods presented herein, technological feasibility has not been achieved.
Accordingly, the Company has charged all such costs to research and development
expense.

 Cash equivalents

   The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

                                      F-39

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)

 Fair value of financial instruments

   The Company's financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents,
accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, notes payable,
borrowings and other accrued liabilities are carried at cost, which
approximates fair value due to the short maturities of these instruments.

 Concentration of credit risk

   All of the Company's cash and cash equivalents are invested in deposits with
one major financial institution in the United States. Deposits with this bank
may exceed the amount of insurance cover provided on such deposits. The Company
has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash and cash equivalents to
date.

   Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a
concentration of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents and accounts
receivable. The Company's accounts receivable are derived from revenue earned
from customers located in the U.S. The Company performs ongoing credit
evaluations of its customers' financial condition and, generally, requires no
collateral from its customers. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful
accounts receivable based upon the expected collectibility of accounts
receivable.

   The following table summarizes the revenues from customers in excess of 10%
of the total revenues:

                                                                    Six Months
                                                       Year Ended      Ended
                                                      December 31, June 30, 2000
                                                          1999      (unaudited)
                                                      ------------ -------------

Customer A...........................................      81%           87%
                                                          ===           ===

   At December 31, 1999, one customer accounted for 94% of total accounts
receivable. At June 30, 2000, one customer accounted for 96% (unaudited) of
total accounts receivable.

 Property and equipment

   Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
generally 3 to 5 years.

 Long-lived assets

   The Company evaluates the recoverability of its long-lived assets in
accordance with SFAS No. 121, Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of. SFAS No. 121 requires
recognition of impairment of long-lived assets in the event the net book value
of such assets exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to such
assets.

 Segment information

   Effective January 1, 1998, the Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No.
131, Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information. The
Company identifies its operating segments based on business activities,
management responsibility and geographical location. For all periods presented,
the Company operated in a single business segment in the United States.

                                      F-40

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)
 Stock-based compensation

   The Company accounts for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
accordance with provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion ("APB") No.
25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and Financial Accounting
Standards Board Interpretation ("FIN") No. 28, Accounting for Stock
Appreciation Rights and Other Variable Stock Option or Award Plans, and
complies with the disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-
Based Compensation. Under APB No. 25, compensation expense is based on the
difference, if any, on the date of grant, between the fair value of the
Company's Common Stock and the exercise price. SFAS 123 defines a "fair value"
based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity
investment. The pro forma disclosures of the difference between the
compensation expense included in net loss and the related cost measured by the
fair value method are presented in Note 11. The Company accounts for equity
instruments issued to nonemployees in accordance with provisions of SFAS No.
123 and Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") 96-18, Accounting for Equity
Instruments That Are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in
Conjunction with Selling Goods or Services.

 Recent accounting pronouncements

   In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities. SFAS 133 establishes methods of accounting
for derivative financial instruments and hedging activities related to those
instruments as well as other hedging activities, and is effective for fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2000, as amended by SFAS No. 137. The Company
believes the adoption of this pronouncement will have no material impact on the
Company's financial position and results of operations.

   In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"), Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements. SAB 101 summarizes certain of the SEC's views in applying generally
accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in financial statements.
In June 2000, the SEC issued SAB No. 101B to defer the effective date of
implementation of SAB No. 101 until the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000. The
Company does not expect the adoption of SAB 101 to have a material effect on
its financial position or results of operations.

   In March 2000, the FASB issued interpretation No. 44, Accounting for Certain
Transactions Involving Compensation-an interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25
("FIN 44"). FIN 44 clarifies the application of Accounting Practice Board
Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. FIN 44 is effective
July 1, 2000. The Company believes that FIN 44 will not have a material effect
on its financial position or results of operations.

                                      F-41

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)

NOTE 2--SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

                                                                    Six Months
                                                                    Ended June
                                                       Year Ended      30,
                                                      December 31, ------------
                                                          1999     1999  2000
                                                      ------------ ---- -------
                                                                   (unaudited)

Supplemental cash flow information:
  Cash paid for interest.............................     $--      $--  $   764
Supplemental noncash investing and financing
  activity:
  Common Stock issued to founders upon cancellation
   of notes payable..................................     $--      $--  $ 3,000
  Common Stock issued to employees upon cancellation
   of notes payable..................................     $--      $--  $ 8,316
  Issuance of Common Stock for employee services.....     $--      $--  $14,000

NOTE 3--BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS:

                                                        December 31,  June 30,
                                                            1999        2000
                                                        ------------ -----------
                                                                     (unaudited)

Accounts receivable:
  Accounts receivable..................................   $ 34,627     $57,924
  Unbilled fees and services...........................         --       3,750
                                                          --------     -------
                                                          $ 34,627     $61,674
                                                          ========     =======
Property and equipment, net:
  Computer equipment...................................   $ 12,096     $24,173
  Furniture and fixtures...............................        447       4,722
                                                          --------     -------
                                                            12,543      28,895
  Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization......       (563)     (4,310)
                                                          --------     -------
                                                          $ 11,980     $24,585
                                                          ========     =======
Accrued liabilities:
  Payroll and related expenses.........................   $  2,279     $ 9,837
  Legal................................................         --      31,595
  Other................................................      2,898         129
                                                          --------     -------
                                                          $  5,177     $41,561
                                                          ========     =======

NOTE 4--RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

   In March 1999, the President of the Company loaned money to the Company in a
form of an interest free notes payable (the "Loan") for the principal sum of
$25,000. The Loan can be repaid at any time without penalty.

   During the six months ended June 30, 2000, the Company issued Common Stock
and paid cash in full settlement of the Loan.

                                      F-42

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)

NOTE 5--INCOME TAXES:

   The primary components of the net deferred tax assets are as follows:

                                                        December 31,  June 30,
                                                            1999        2000
                                                        ------------ -----------
                                                                     (unaudited)

   Deferred tax assets:
    Net operating loss carryforwards...................     $ --       $10,050
    Research credits...................................      593           593
    Depreciation and amortization......................       26            26
                                                            ----       -------
                                                             619        10,669

   Deferred tax liabilities:
    Unbilled revenue...................................     $ --       $(1,275)
                                                            ----       -------
   Net deferred tax assets.............................      619         9,394
   Valuation allowance.................................     (619)       (9,394)
                                                            ----       -------
                                                            $ --       $    --
                                                            ====       =======

   Management believes that, based on a number of factors, it is more likely
than not that the deferred tax assets will not be utilized, such that a full
valuation allowance has been recorded.

   At June 30, 2000, the Company had approximately $29,559 (unaudited) of
federal and $0 (unaudited) of state net operating loss carryforwards available
to offset future taxable income which expire in varying amounts beginning in
2020. The Company underwent an ownership change and as such is limited on the
amount of net operating losses than can be used each year under the Tax Reform
Act of 1986. The limitation is greater than the amount of net operating loss.
Therefore, the net operating loss will be available to offset future taxable
income without limitation.

NOTE 6--BORROWINGS:

 Line of credit

   At June 30, 2000, the Company had $45,000 outstanding and due under a line
of credit with a financial institution. The line of credit provides for
borrowings of up to $50,000 which are secured by personal collateral of the
President. The line of credit is repayable on demand and bears interest at a
rate of 11% per annum. Under the line of credit, the Company is required to
maintain the following financial covenants: the Company shall not incur any
indebtedness other than to the financial institution granting the line of
credit, the Company shall not create any lien on any of its assets, the Company
shall not sell any accounts receivable or financial instruments and the Company
shall not make any distributions.

 Notes payable

   Notes payable consists of amounts payable to the President and employees as
follows:

                                                       December 31,  June 30,
                                                           1999        2000
                                                       ------------ -----------
                                                                    (unaudited)

   President and founder..............................   $25,002        $--
   Employees..........................................     8,316         --
                                                         -------        ---
                                                          33,318         --
   Less: Current portion..............................    33,318         --
                                                         -------        ---

   Long term portion..................................   $    --        $--
                                                         =======        ===

                                      F-43

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)
NOTE 7--COMMITMENTS:

 Royalty obligations

   Under an agreement signed with IBM in June 2000, the Company is required to
pay an annual fee of $3,000 and royalties of 2% of all license revenues
generated from selling IBM software. As at June 30, 2000, no such sales have as
yet been made.

 Leases

   The Company leases office space and equipment under noncancelable operating
leases with various expiration dates through October 2000. Rent expense for the
six months ending June 30, 1999, the year ended December 31, 1999 and the six
months ending June 30, 2000 was nil, $1,383 and $5,530, respectively. The terms
of the facility lease provide for rental payments on a graduated scale. The
Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the lease period,
and has accrued for rent expense incurred but not paid.

   Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases,
including lease commitments entered into subsequent to June 30, 2000, are as
follows:

                                                              Operating
                                                               Leases
                                                              ---------

Total minimum lease payments, six months ended June 30, 2000   $ 9,900
                                                               =======

NOTE 8--STOCK OPTION PLANS:

   In 2000, the Company adopted the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The
Plan provides for the granting of stock options to employees and consultants of
the Company. Options granted under the Plan may be either incentive stock
options or nonqualified stock options. Incentive stock options ("ISO") may be
granted only to Company employees (including officers and directors who are
also employees). Nonqualified stock options ("NSO") may be granted to Company
employees and consultants. The Company has reserved 2,000,000 shares of Common
Stock for issuance under the Plan as of June 30, 2000.

   Options under the Plan may be granted for periods of up to ten years and at
prices no less than 85% of the estimated fair value of the shares on the date
of grant as determined by the Board of Directors, provided, however, that (i)
the exercise price of an ISO and NSO shall not be less than 100% and 85% of the
estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant, respectively, and (ii)
the exercise price of an ISO and NSO granted to a 10% shareholder shall not be
less than 110% of the estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant,
respectively. Options are exercisable immediately subject to repurchase options
held by the Company which lapse over a maximum period of 10 years at such times
and under such conditions as determined by the Board of Directors. To date,
options granted generally vest over four years.

                                      F-44

                          WHITE SPIDER SOFTWARE, INC.

                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                  (Continued)

   Activity under the Plan is as follows:

                                                                   Options
                                                                 Outstanding
                                                              ------------------
                                                                        Weighted
                                                    Shares              Average
                                                  Available             Exercise
                                                  for Grant    Shares    Price
                                                  ----------  --------- --------

   Balance at December 31, 1999..................         --         --  $  --

   Shares reserved in 2000.......................  1,500,000         --   0.01
   Additional shares reserved....................    500,000         --   0.01
   Options granted............................... (1,710,000) 1,710,000   0.01
                                                  ----------  ---------
   Balance at June 30, 2000 (unaudited)..........    290,000  1,710,000  $0.01
                                                  ==========  =========

   Information regarding options outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2000
(unaudited) is as follows:

                                                     Options Vested and
                       Options Outstanding              Exercisable
              -------------------------------------  ------------------
                          Weighted Average Weighted             Weighted
                             Remaining     Average    Number    Average
   Exercise     Number      Contractual    Exercise Vested and  Exercise
    Price     Outstanding   Life (Years)    Price   Exercisable  Price
   --------   ----------- ---------------- -------- ----------- --------

   $0.01       1,710,000        9.42        $0.01     251,380    $0.01

 Fair value disclosure

   The Company elected to adopt the disclosure only provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation." The Company, however, applies APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting
for Stock Issued to Employees," and related interpretations in accounting for
its plan. Accordingly, no compensation cost has been recognized for options
granted to employees under the 2000 Plan. Had compensation cost for the Plan
been determined based on the fair value of the options at the grant date for
awards consistent with the provisions of SFAS No. 123, the Company's net loss
would not have been materially different from the reported net loss in 2000.

   The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using
the minimum value method with following weighted average assumptions used for
grants:

   Risk-free interest rate.......................................... 6.68%-6.70%
   Expected life of option..........................................   5 years
   Expected dividends...............................................     Nil
   Volatility.......................................................      0%

   The expected average life is based on the assumption that stock options on
average are exercised once they are fully vested. The risk-free interest rate
was calculated in accordance with the grant date and expected life calculated.

NOTE 10--SUBSEQUENT EVENT:

   On July 19, 2000, the Company was acquired by Chordiant Software, Inc. Under
the terms of the acquisition, Chordiant issued 476,515 shares of its Common
Stock in exchange for all outstanding shares and assumed stock options. The
purchase price is estimated at approximately $6.2 million.

                                      F-45

Prime Response, Inc. And Subsidiaries
Financial Statements
Fiscal Years Ended
December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999

                                      F-46

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
Prime Response, Inc.

   In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of operations, of changes in stockholders' equity
(deficit) and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Prime Response, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31,
1998 and 1999, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 1999 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States, which require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for the opinion expressed above.

   The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the
financial statements, the Company has incurred losses and negative cash flows
from operations since its reorganization in 1997, which raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
February 2, 2000

                                      F-47

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                       (in thousands, except share data)

                                                              December 31,
                                                            ------------------
                                                              1998      1999
                                                            --------  --------

ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents................................  $    530  $  3,999
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
  accounts of $43 and $147, respectively..................     4,815     9,057
 Prepaid and other current assets.........................     1,163     2,595
                                                            --------  --------
 Total current assets.....................................     6,508    15,651
Property and equipment, net...............................     2,111     2,602
Goodwill and other intangible assets, net.................     1,533     7,262
                                                            --------  --------
 Total assets.............................................  $ 10,152  $ 25,515
                                                            ========  ========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable.........................................  $  1,692  $  3,920
 Short-term debt and capital lease obligations............       443     2,289
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities...................     2,702     4,472
 Accrued interest income..................................        --       176
 Deferred revenue.........................................     1,609     6,074
                                                            --------  --------
 Total current liabilities................................     6,446    16,931
Long-term debt and capital lease obligations..............       530       311
Long-term accrued interest income.........................        --     1,398
Other long-term liabilities...............................       500        --
Commitments and contingencies (Note 6)
Redeemable common stock, $0.01 par value, 1,249,500 shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 1998; 1,677,307
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 1999 and
 1,249,500 shares issued and outstanding on a pro forma
 basis....................................................     4,275     8,295
Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock, $0.01 par
 value, 1,155,000 shares authorized; 1,155,000 shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 1998 and 1999, and
 0 shares issued and outstanding on a pro forma basis
 (liquidation value: $51,546,000).........................    25,946    27,842
Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, $0.01 par
 value; 1,700,000 shares authorized; 866,500 issued and
 outstanding at December 31, 1998, 1,699,834 shares issued
 and outstanding at December 31, 1999, and 0 shares issued
 and outstanding on a pro forma basis (liquidation value:
 $21,263,000).............................................     5,315    10,343
Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, $0.01 par
 value, 3,000,000 shares authorized; 1,833,331 shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 1999, and 0 shares
 issued and outstanding on a pro forma basis (liquidation
 value: $11,000,000)......................................        --     4,891
Stockholders' equity (deficit):
 Common stock, $0.01 par value: 27,750,000 shares
  authorized (including redeemable common stock);
  5,785,500 shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
  1998; 6,453,506 issued and outstanding at December 31,
  1999, and 16,046,663 shares issued and outstanding on a
  pro forma basis.........................................        58        65
 Additional paid-in capital...............................   (12,232)    6,520
 Accumulated other comprehensive income...................       (12)      (12)
 Accumulated deficit......................................   (20,674)  (46,127)
 Note receivable from shareholder.........................        --    (2,545)
 Deferred compensation....................................        --    (2,397)
                                                            --------  --------
 Total stockholders' equity (deficit).....................   (32,860)  (44,496)
                                                            --------  --------
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit).....  $ 10,152  $ 25,515
                                                            ========  ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-48

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                       (in thousands, except share data)

                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                 ----------------------------------
                                                    1997        1998        1999
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------

Revenues:
 Software licenses.............................  $    2,933  $    8,495  $   10,134
 Services and support..........................       2,495       4,214       6,519
 Applications hosting..........................       4,754       3,827       3,869
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
     Total revenues............................      10,182      16,536      20,522
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
Cost of revenues:
 Software licenses.............................          83         152          --
 Services and support..........................       3,052       6,477       4,522
 Applications hosting..........................       1,923       2,477       2,776
 Non-cash cost of revenues.....................          --          --         113
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
     Total cost of revenues....................       5,058       9,106       7,411
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
Gross profit...................................       5,124       7,430      13,111
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
Operating expenses:
 Sales and marketing...........................       2,788       9,459      13,285
 Non-cash sales and marketing..................          --          --         266
 Research and development......................       2,947       6,289      10,185
 Non-cash research and development.............          --          --          63
 General and administrative....................       1,396       4,843       4,112
 Non-cash general and administrative...........          --          --       1,732
 Amortization of goodwill and other intangible
  assets.......................................          --       1,279       1,245
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
     Total operating expenses..................       7,131      21,870      30,888
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
Loss from operations...........................      (2,007)    (14,440)    (17,777)
Other income (expense):
 Interest income...............................         155         219         115
 Interest expense..............................        (227)       (294)       (184)
 Interest expense related to beneficial
  conversion feature...........................          --          --      (2,500)
 Loss on foreign exchange......................          (7)        (88)        (58)
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
Loss before income taxes.......................      (2,086)    (14,603)    (20,404)
Provision for income taxes.....................        (159)         --         (15)
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
Net loss.......................................      (2,245)    (14,603)    (20,419)
Preferred stock dividends and recognition of
 beneficial
 conversion feature on preferred stock.........        (607)     (2,015)     (5,034)
                                                 ----------  ----------  ----------
Net loss attributable to common stockholders...  $   (2,852) $  (16,618) $  (25,453)
                                                 ==========  ==========  ==========
Net loss per share-basic and diluted...........  $    (2.43) $    (2.36) $    (3.44)
                                                 ==========  ==========  ==========
Weighted average shares used in computing basic
 and diluted net loss per share................   1,173,000   7,035,000   7,405,000
                                                 ==========  ==========  ==========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-49

                             PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
                       (in thousands, except share data)

                                                                   Accumulated    Retained                               Total
                   Ordinary Shares      Common Stock   Additional     Other       Earnings                           Stockholders'
                   -----------------  ----------------  Paid-in   Comprehensive (Accumulated    Note      Deferred      Equity
                   Shares    Amount    Shares   Amount  Capital      Income       Deficit)   Receivable Compensation   (Deficit)
                   -------   -------  --------- ------ ---------- ------------- ------------ ---------- ------------ -------------

Balance, December
 31, 1996........       100        --        --   --         --       $(40)       $   (825)        --          --      $   (865)

 Net loss........        --        --        --   --         --         --          (2,245)        --          --        (2,245)
 Foreign currency
  translation
  adjustments....        --        --        --   --         --         46              --         --          --            46
                                                                                                                       --------
 Total
  comprehensive
  income.........                                                                                                        (2,199)

 Dividends
  declared.......        --        --        --   --         --         --            (385)        --          --          (385)
 Reorganization..      (100)       -- 5,785,500   58    (12,232)        --              --         --          --       (12,174)
 Accrual of
  dividends on
  redeemable
  convertible
  preferred stock
  and accretion
  to redemption
  value..........        --        --        --   --         --         --            (604)        --          --          (604)
                    -------   ------- ---------  ---    -------       ----        --------    -------     -------      --------
Balance, December
 31, 1997........        --        -- 5,785,500   58    (12,232)         6          (4,059)        --          --       (16,227)

 Net loss........        --        --        --   --         --         --         (14,603)        --          --       (14,603)
 Foreign currency
  translation
  adjustments....        --        --        --   --         --        (18)             --         --          --           (18)
                                                                                                                       --------
 Total
  comprehensive
  income.........                                                                                                       (14,621)

 Accrual of
  dividends on
  redeemable
  convertible
  preferred stock
  and accretion
  to redemption
  value..........        --        --        --   --         --         --          (2,012)        --          --        (2,012)
                    -------   ------- ---------  ---    -------       ----        --------    -------     -------      --------
Balance, December
 31, 1998........        --        -- 5,785,500   58    (12,232)       (12)        (20,674)        --          --       (32,860)

 Net loss and
  total
  comprehensive
  income.........        --        --        --   --         --         --         (20,419)        --          --       (20,419)

 Issuance of
  common stock
  and warrants...        --        --        --   --      8,467         --              --         --          --         8,467
 Recognition of
  beneficial
  conversion
  feature on
  preferred
  stock..........        --        --        --   --      2,391         --          (2,391)        --          --            --
 Recognition of
  beneficial
  conversion
  feature on
  convertible
  debt...........        --        --        --   --      2,500         --              --         --          --         2,500
 Accrual of
  dividends on
  redeemable
  convertible
  preferred stock
  and accretion
  to redemption
  value..........        --        --        --   --         --         --          (2,643)        --          --        (2,643)
 Exercise of
  stock options..        --        --    31,781    1        109         --              --         --          --           110
 Exercise of
  stock options
  in exchange for
  notes
  receivable.....        --        --   636,225    6      2,539         --              --     (2,545)         --            --
 Compensation
  related to
  grants of stock
  options........        --        --        --   --      2,746         --              --         --      (2,602)          144
 Amortization of
  deferred
  compensation...        --        --        --   --         --         --              --         --         205           205
                    -------   ------- ---------  ---    -------       ----        --------    -------     -------      --------
Balance, December
 31, 1999........        --   $    -- 6,453,506  $65    $ 6,520       $(12)       $(46,127)   $(2,545)    $(2,397)     $(44,496)
                    =======   ======= =========  ===    =======       ====        ========    =======     =======      ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                      F-50

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (in thousands)

                                                   Year Ended December 31,
                                                 -----------------------------
                                                   1997      1998       1999
                                                 --------  ---------  --------

Cash flows used in operating activities:
 Net loss....................................... $ (2,245) $ (14,603) $(20,419)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
   provided by (used in) operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization of property and
    equipment...................................      304        654     1,032
  Amortization of goodwill and intangibles......       --      1,279     1,394
  Gain on sale of fixed assets..................       --        (12)       --
  Compensation expense related to stock
    options.....................................       --         --     2,025
  Interest expense related to beneficial
    conversion feature..........................       --         --     2,500
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
   Accounts receivable..........................   (1,106)    (1,739)   (4,313)
   Prepaid and other current assets.............     (442)      (560)   (1,448)
   Accounts payable.............................    1,098        (98)    2,258
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities.......      877      1,426     1,329
   Deferred revenue.............................      (34)       (94)    4,492
                                                 --------  ---------  --------
     Net cash used in operating activities......   (1,548)   (13,747)  (11,150)
                                                 --------  ---------  --------
Cash flows used in investing activities:
 Purchase of property and equipment.............     (575)    (1,086)   (1,428)
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets.............       --         20        --
 Payment for acquired business..................       --     (2,812)       --
                                                 --------  ---------  --------
     Net cash used in investing activities......     (575)    (3,878)   (1,428)
                                                 --------  ---------  --------
Cash flows provided by (used in) financing
  activities:
 Proceeds from issuance of redeemable common
   stock and warrants...........................    4,275         --     4,000
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
   (Series A, B and C) and warrants, net of
   issuance costs...............................   19,171      5,199     8,001
 Proceeds from credit facility..................       --         --     2,000
 Repayment of bank loans........................     (110)      (275)     (162)
 Proceeds from shareholder loans................       --         --     2,500
 Repayment of capital lease.....................     (112)      (197)     (329)
 Repayment of directors' loans..................       --     (8,113)       --
 Increase (decrease) in line of credit..........      728       (561)       --
 Dividends paid.................................     (227)        --        --
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options........       --         --       110
                                                 --------  ---------  --------
     Net cash provided by (used in) financing
       activities...............................   23,725     (3,947)   16,120
                                                 --------  ---------  --------
Effect of exchange rate on cash.................       46         (4)      (73)
                                                 --------  ---------  --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
  equivalents...................................   21,648    (21,576)    3,469
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year....      458     22,106       530
                                                 --------  ---------  --------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year.......... $ 22,106  $     530  $  3,999
                                                 ========  =========  ========
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash
  transactions:
 Assets acquired under capital leases........... $    229  $     710  $    132
                                                 ========  =========  ========
 Promissory note issued for directors'
   shareholdings in connection with group
   reorganization............................... $  7,899         --        --
                                                 ========  =========  ========
 Issuance of restricted common stock in exchange
   for note receivable from shareholder.........       --         --  $  2,545
                                                 ========  =========  ========
 Conversion of shareholder loan to Series C
   preferred stock..............................       --         --  $  2,500
                                                 ========  =========  ========
Supplemental cash flow disclosure:
 Interest paid.................................. $    227  $     294  $    147
                                                 ========  =========  ========
 Income taxes paid.............................. $    256         --  $     15
                                                 ========  =========  ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-51

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

 The Company

   Prime Response, Inc. ("PRI") together with its consolidated subsidiaries
("Prime Response") is a leading provider of integrated eMarketing software
solutions that enable businesses with large customer bases to create, manage
and execute highly targeted internet and traditional marketing campaigns to
build more loyal and profitable customer relationships. Prime Response's
customers consist primarily of Fortune 1000 businesses as well leading e-
commerce businesses primarily based in the United States and Europe. Prime
Response sells its products through multiple distribution channels including
direct sales and resellers.

 Basis of Presentation

   The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States.

    These financial statements represent the consolidated results of PRI and
its predecessor, Prime Response Limited ("PRL"). PRI was formed as a holding
company on September 26, 1997 and acquired 100% of the outstanding ordinary
shares of PRL (a company incorporated in the United Kingdom in 1987) on October
23, 1997. Refer to Note 5 for discussion of the reorganization of Prime
Response.

   Prime Response is subject to risks and uncertainties common to growing
technology-based companies, including rapid technological developments,
reliance on continued development and acceptance of the internet, intense
competition and a limited operating history. Prime Response has sustained
losses and negative cash flows from its operations since its reorganization in
October 1997 (see Note 5). These matters raise substantial doubt about Prime
Response's ability to continue as a going concern for at least the next twelve
months. Management currently intends to raise cash through a firm commitment
underwritten initial public offering, the proceeds of which are expected to
exceed cash requirements for the next twelve months. If the initial public
offering is not successfully completed, management intends to obtain
alternative financing through the private placement of debt or equity, and
reduce expenditures so as to minimize requirements for additional financial
resources. Management believes that, if this offering is not completed, Prime
Response will be able to successfully execute its alternative plans. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty.

   Prime Response declared a 0.75 for 1 reverse common stock split on February
2, 2000. All share and per share amounts presented relating to common stock
have been restated to reflect the common stock split.

 Principles of Consolidation

   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of PRI and its
wholly-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated.

 Use of Estimates

   The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

                                      F-52

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

 Concentration of Credit Risk

   Prime Response's financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of
credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts
receivable. Prime Response's accounts receivable result primarily from
operations and reflect a broad customer base both in the United States and
Europe. Prime Response does not require collateral for its receivables.

 Fair Value of Financial Instruments

   Prime Response's financial instruments consist of cash, cash equivalents and
debt and redeemable instruments. The carrying amounts of these instruments at
December 31, 1999 approximate their fair values.

 Cash and Cash Equivalents

   Prime Response considers all highly liquid investments which have an
original maturity of three months or less when acquired to be cash equivalents.

 Software Development Costs

   Software development costs are included in research and development expenses
and are expensed as incurred. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
86, "Accounting for the Cost of Computer Software to be Sold, Leased, or
Otherwise Marketed" (SFAS 86) requires the capitalization of certain software
development costs once technological feasibility is established. The
capitalized cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated
product life, or on the ratio of current revenues to total projected product
revenues, whichever is greater. To date, the period between achieving
technological feasibility, which Prime Response has defined as the
establishment of a working model, and the general availability of such software
has been short and software development costs qualifying for capitalization
have not been material. Accordingly, Prime Response has not capitalized any
software development costs.

 Property and Equipment

   Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation is provided using the
straight line method over the assets' estimated useful lives, based on the
following asset lives:

      Motor vehicles.................................................... 4 years
      Computer equipment................................................ 3 years
      Furniture and equipment........................................... 6 years

   The cost of significant additions and improvements is capitalized and
depreciated while expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to
expense as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation of the assets are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain
or loss is reflected in the determination of net income or loss.

 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

   Prime Response amortizes goodwill and related intangible assets over
estimated useful lives. Prime Response performs impairment reviews whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable. In performing the review for recoverability Prime
Response estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without
interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment
loss is recognized.

                                      F-53

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

 Revenue Recognition

   Prime Response sells software licenses under master license agreements and
recognizes revenue when the agreement has been signed, the software has been
shipped (or software has been electronically delivered), the license fee is
fixed or determinable, and collection of the resulting receivable is probable.
For license agreements which require customer acceptance, license revenues are
recognized only when obligations under the license agreement are completed and
the software has been accepted by the customer. For license agreements in which
Prime Response participates in financing arrangements, the fee is not
considered to be fixed or determinable and revenue is recognized as payments
become due. Prime Response provides professional services to customers under
service contracts and recognizes revenue on a time and materials basis as the
services are performed, provided that amounts due from customers are fixed or
determinable and deemed collectible by management. These services are not
essential to the functionality of the software and are often performed by other
parties. Support revenues, including those bundled with the initial license
fee, are deferred and recognized ratably over the support period. In the event
that a contract contains multiple elements, Prime Response allocates the
aggregate of the contract value to each element based on relative fair values
as established by vendor specific objective evidence. Vendor specific objective
evidence is based on recent sales prices. Prime Response provides applications
hosting services to customers and recognizes revenue as the services are
performed.

    Revenues and profits under long-term fixed price contracts are recognized
using percentage completion accounting. These contracts are assessed for losses
and such losses are provided for in total in the period in which the losses
become known.

   Prime Response typically does not grant to its customers a contractual right
to return software products. When approved by management, however, Prime
Response has accepted returns of certain software products and has provided an
allowance for those specific products. Prime Response also provides reserves
for customer receivable balances which are considered potentially
uncollectible. Prime Response's allowances amounted to $112,000, $43,000 and
$147,000 as of December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999, respectively. The provision
charged to the statement of operations was $92,000, $147,000 and $104,000 in
1997, 1998 and 1999, respectively, and write-offs against the allowances were
$0, $216,000, and $0 in 1997, 1998 and 1999 respectively.

 Cost of Revenues

   All costs associated with software license production and distribution,
primarily preparation and translation of user manuals, are recorded as cost of
revenues for license fees. All costs associated with the services and support,
comprising mainly labor and overhead costs, are recorded as cost of revenues
for services and support. Services and support cost of revenues include any
unbillable time related to the personnel associated with the professional
services group. All costs associated with applications hosting, comprising
mainly labor, equipment and overhead costs, are recorded as cost of revenues
for applications hosting.

 Foreign Currency Translation

   Prime Response has determined that the functional currency of each foreign
operation is the respective local currency. Transactions in a foreign currency
are recorded at the rate of exchange on the date of the transaction. Assets and
liabilities at year end are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at the
period end. Translation gains or losses are included as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders' equity.

 Income Taxes

   Prime Response recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax liabilities

                                      F-54

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

and assets are determined on the basis of the difference between the income tax
basis of assets and liabilities and their respective financial reporting
amounts at tax rates in effect for the periods in which the differences are
expected to reverse. Prime Response provides a valuation allowance for deferred
tax assets when it is more likely than not, based on available evidence, that
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

 Net Loss per Share

   Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for the period
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted net loss per share does not differ from basic net loss per share since
potential common shares from conversion of preferred stock and exercise of
stock options and warrants are antidilutive for all periods presented. For the
year ended December 31, 1996, basic and diluted net loss per share is computed
by dividing the net loss for the period by the weighted average number of
ordinary shares outstanding during the period.

   Options to purchase 737,000 and 1,387,000 shares of common stock at exercise
prices ranging from $3.41 to $10.80 per share, respectively, and warrants to
purchase none and 1,246,000 shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging
from $0.01 to $9.35 per share, respectively, have been excluded from the
computation of diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 1998
and 1999, respectively.

 Stock Based Compensation

   Prime Response accounts for stock-based employee compensation arrangements
in accordance with provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and complies with the disclosure
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation."

 Segment Information

   Prime Response has adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
131, "Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information,"
which requires companies to report selected information about operating
segments, as well as enterprise-wide disclosures about products, services,
geographic areas, and major customers. Operating segments are determined based
on the way management organizes its business for making operating decisions and
assessing performance. Prime Response has determined that it conducts its
operations in three business segments, software licenses, applications hosting
and services and support.

 Comprehensive Income

    The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income," ("SFAS 130").
Prime Response adopted SFAS 130 on January 1, 1998. SFAS 130, established
standards for reporting comprehensive income and its components, and is
presented in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. The
measurement and presentation of net income did not change. Comprehensive income
is comprised of net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive
income includes certain changes in equity that are excluded from net income,
such as translation adjustments.

 Recent Accounting Pronouncements

   In March 1998, the AICPA issued Statement of Position No. 98-4 "Deferral of
the Effective Date of a Provision of SOP 97-2, Software Revenue Recognition"
("SOP 98-4"). SOP 98-4 defers, for one year, the application of certain
passages in SOP 97-2 which limit what is considered vendor-specific objective
evidence

                                      F-55

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

("VSOE") necessary to recognize revenue for software licenses on multiple-
element arrangements when undelivered elements exist. In December 1998, the
AICPA issued Statement of Position No. 98-9 "Modifications of SOP 97-2,
Software Revenue Recognition, with Respect of Certain Transactions" ("SOP
98-9") which further extends the deferral of certain passages of SOP 97-2
relating to vendor specific objective evidence established in SOP 98-4 and also
defines "residual value." The provisions of SOP 98-9 have been adopted for
transactions entered during the fiscal year beginning January 1, 1999. Prime
Response does not anticipate that this pronouncement will have a material
effect on its results.

   In June 1998, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 133 "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" ("SFAS
133"). SFAS 133 establishes a new model for accounting for derivatives and
hedging activities and supersedes and amends a number of existing standards.
SFAS 133 is effective for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 1999, but
earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of any fiscal quarter
subsequent to June 19, 1998. Upon initial application, all derivatives are
required to be recognized in the statement of financial position as either
assets or liabilities and measured at fair value. In addition, all hedging
relationships must be reassessed and documented pursuant to the provisions of
SFAS 133. Prime Response does not anticipate that this pronouncement will have
a material effect on its reported results or financial position.

2. Balance Sheet Components

                                                               December 31,
                                                              ----------------
                                                               1998     1999
                                                              -------  -------

   Property and equipment (in thousands):
     Furniture and equipment................................  $   561  $   621
     Furniture and equipment under capital lease............      504      560
     Computer equipment.....................................    2,668    3,698
     Computer equipment under capital lease.................      438      760
     Motor vehicles under capital lease.....................       96       94
                                                              -------  -------
                                                                4,267    5,733
   Accumulated depreciation on owned assets.................   (1,879)  (2,561)
   Accumulated amortization on assets under capital lease...     (277)    (570)
                                                              -------  -------
                                                              $ 2,111  $ 2,602
                                                              =======  =======

   Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999
was $250,000, $439,000, and $724,000, respectively.

   Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 1997, 1998 and 1999
was $55,000, $215,000, and $308,000, respectively.

                                                                  December 31,
                                                                  -------------
                                                                   1998   1999
                                                                  ------ ------

   Accrued expenses and other liabilities (in thousands):
    Accrued compensation and related payroll taxes............... $1,263 $1,917
    Dividends payable............................................     --     --
    Accrued reseller commissions.................................    466     --
    VAT payable..................................................     --    276
    Amounts due to customer* ....................................     --    500
    Other creditors and accruals.................................    973  1,779
                                                                  ------ ------
                                                                  $2,702 $4,472
                                                                  ====== ======

                                      F-56

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)
- --------
* In November 1999 Prime Response agreed to refund amounts for a software
  license fee paid by a customer in 1998. This amount is payable in the amount
  of $125,000 per quarter for four quarters commencing in January 2000.
  No revenue was recognized in relation to this sale.

3. Debt

   Debt consists of the following (in thousands):

                                                                 December 31,
                                                                 --------------
                                                                 1998    1999
                                                                 -----  -------

   Bank line of credit........................................   $ 167  $    --
   Term loans.................................................      --    2,000
                                                                 -----  -------
   Total debt.................................................     167    2,000
                                                                 -----  -------
   Less: short-term debt and current maturities of
     long-term debt...........................................    (167)  (2,000)
                                                                 -----  -------
   Long-term debt.............................................   $  --  $    --
                                                                 =====  =======

 Bank Line of Credit

   The Line of Credit expired on December 1, 1999. At December 31, 1998,
borrowings under the Line of Credit bore interest, payable quarterly, at the
lender's base rate plus 2.75% (9.00% at December 31, 1998). Borrowings under
the Line of Credit were collateralized by a security interest in substantially
all of the assets of Prime Response. The Line of Credit also required Prime
Response to comply with certain affirmative and negative covenants, including
the maintenance of specified financial ratios.

 Term Loans

   On October 28, 1999, Prime Response entered into an agreement with Greyrock
Capital which provided for a term loan of $2,000,000 which was received by
Prime Response upon execution of the agreement. This term loan is payable in
quarterly installments for one year beginning on February 28, 2000. Interest
accrues at prime plus 2.00% (10.50% at December 31, 1999) and is payable
monthly. The agreement also will allow Prime Response to borrow against
outstanding receivable balances up to $3,000,000. This agreement will
automatically renew on November 30, 2000 and each year thereafter unless
terminated by either party.

                                      F-57

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

4. Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock

 Issuance

   The following table sets forth the redeemable convertible preferred stock
("preferred stock") activity (in thousands):

                             Series A        Series B        Series C          Total
                          --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
                                 Carrying        Carrying        Carrying        Carrying
                          Shares  Value   Shares  Value   Shares  Value   Shares  Value
                          ------ -------- ------ -------- ------ -------- ------ --------

Issuance October 1997     1,155  $23,446     --  $    --     --   $   --  1,155  $23,446
Accrual of cumulative
 dividends and accretion
 to redemption value         --      604     --       --     --       --     --      604
                          -----  -------  -----  -------  -----   ------  -----  -------
Balance December 31,
 1997                     1,155   24,050     --       --     --       --  1,155   24,050
Issuance September 1998      --       --    867    5,199     --       --    867    5,199
Accrual of cumulative
 dividends and accretion
 to redemption value         --    1,896     --      116     --       --     --    2,012
                          -----  -------  -----  -------  -----   ------  -----  -------
Balance December 31,
 1998                     1,155   25,946    867    5,315     --       --  2,022   31,261
Issuance March 1999          --       --    833    4,281     --       --    833    4,281
Issuance July 1999           --       --     --       --  1,000    2,391  1,000    2,391
Issuance October 1999        --       --     --       --    833    2,500    833    2,500
Accrual of cumulative
 dividends and accretion
 to redemption value         --    1,896     --      747     --       --     --    2,643
                          -----  -------  -----  -------  -----   ------  -----  -------
Balance December 31,
 1999                     1,155  $27,842  1,700  $10,343  1,833   $4,891  4,688  $43,076
                          =====  =======  =====  =======  =====   ======  =====  =======

 Redemption

   The holders of Series A, B and C preferred stock are entitled to receive a
payment of $20.52, $6.00 and $3.00, respectively, to be paid in cash or, at the
option of Prime Response or the surviving entity, in securities of Prime
Response or the surviving entity or other consideration received by the holders
of shares of common stock in the event of a merger.

   Prime Response is required to reserve and keep available for issuance upon
the conversion of the Series A, B and C preferred stock, such number of its
authorized but unissued shares of common stock as will from time to time be
sufficient to permit the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A, B
and C preferred stock, and is required to take all action to increase the
authorized number of share of common stock if at anytime there shall be
insufficient authorized but unissued share of common stock to permit such
reservation or to permit the conversion of all outstanding share of Series A, B
and C preferred stock.

   These contractual terms make the Series A, B and C preferred stock
redeemable.

   When issued, each share of Series C preferred stock in the July 1999
issuance was convertible into 0.75 shares of common stock, which represents a
discount from the fair value of common stock on the date of the Series C
issuance. The value attributable to this conversion feature represents an
incremental yield, or a beneficial conversion feature, which will be recognized
as a return to the preferred stockholders. This amount, equal to the net
proceeds from the Series C offering of approximately $2,391,000, has been
recorded as accretion of preferred stock to redemption value in the
consolidated statement of operations in the year ended December 31, 1999, and
represents a non-cash charge in the determination of net loss attributable to
common stockholders.

                                      F-58

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   In August and September 1999, Prime Response obtained loans of $1,000,000
and $1,500,000, respectively, from a shareholder which were converted into
833,000 shares of Series C preferred stock in October 1999. When issued, both
the August and September loans were immediately convertible into Series C
preferred stock at the option of the holder. The number of shares of Series C
preferred stock to be issued is calculated by dividing the principal amount of
the notes by $3.00, which represents a discount from the fair value of common
stock on the date of issuance. The values attributable to the conversion
feature on each loan represent an incremental yield, or a beneficial conversion
feature, which are recognized as additional interest on the loans. These
amounts, equal to the proceeds from each loan of $1,000,000 and $1,500,000,
respectively, have been charged to interest expense in the consolidated
statement of operations in the year ended December 31, 1999, reflecting a non-
cash expense.

 Conversion

   Each share of Series A, B and C are convertible into 3.1282, 0.7858 and 0.75
shares, respectively, of common stock ("common stock") at the option of the
holders of the preferred stock or automatically upon closing of an initial
public offering.

   At December 31, 1999, the Series A, B and C preferred shares were
convertible into a total of 6,324,000 shares of common stock. Prime Response
has reserved 3,613,000, 1,336,000 and 1,375,000 shares for the conversion of
Series A, B and C preferred stock, respectively.

 Liquidation

   In the event of any liquidation of Prime Response, the holders of Series A,
B and C preferred stock are entitled to receive, in preference to common
stockholders and all others, on a pro-rata basis, $20.52, $6.00 and $3.00 per
share, respectively, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends whether or not
declared.

 Dividends

   The holders of Series A and B preferred stock are entitled to receive
cumulative dividends in the amount of $3.59 and $0.51 per share, respectively,
accruing daily, whether or not declared by the Board of Directors. These
dividends are payable upon initial public offering, liquidation or merger of
Prime Response. Cumulative
and unpaid dividends on the Series A and B preferred stock at December 31, 1999
were $4,145,000 and $863,000, respectively. The holders of Series C preferred
stock are not entitled to dividends. Dividends awarded to holders of Series A
preferred stock are payable in shares of common stock. Dividends awarded to
holders of Series B preferred stock are payable in cash or in shares of common
stock, at the option of the preferred stock holder.

 Participation Payment

   In the event of an initial public offering the holders of Series A and C
preferred stock are entitled to receive, in addition to accrued dividends and
the common stock conversion feature, $20.52 and $3.00 per share, respectively,
to be paid in shares of common stock. The number of shares of common stock to
be issued will be calculated based on the valuation of the initial public
offering. In the event of an initial public offering, the holders of Series B
preferred stock are entitled to receive, in addition to accrued dividends and
the conversion payment, $6.00 per share to be paid in shares of common stock or
cash, as elected by the holder. If payment in common stock is elected, the
number of shares of common stock to be issued will be calculated based on the
valuation of the initial public offering.

                                      F-59

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   In the event of a merger or sale prior to an initial public offering, the
holders of Series A, B and C preferred stock are entitled to receive, in
addition to accrued dividends and the liquidation payment, a cash payment of
$20.52, $6.00 and $3.00 per share, respectively.

 Voting

   The holders of preferred stock shares are entitled to vote, together with
holders of common stock on all matters submitted to stockholders for vote. Each
preferred stock holder is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of
shares of common stock into which each preferred stock share is convertible at
the time of such vote.

5. Common Stock

 Reorganization

   Prime Response Group Inc. was incorporated on September 26, 1997. In October
1997 Prime Response Group Inc. affected a reorganization involving an exchange
of common stock in Prime Response Group Inc. and a Promissory Note ("Note") for
all of the outstanding ordinary shares of PRL. Additionally certain subsidiary
companies of PRL became direct subsidiaries of Prime Response Group Inc. Prior
to this reorganization, Prime Response Group Inc. had no operating activities
of its own, all operations were conducted by PRL and its subsidiaries.

   In order to effect this reorganization, on October 23, 1997 Prime Response
Group Inc. issued 7,035,000 shares of common stock and a Note for $7,899,000 to
the former shareholders of PRL, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom in
1987 and PRI's principal operating subsidiary. The Note was repaid in July
1998. In exchange, the former shareholders of PRL transferred their shares in
that company to Prime Response Group Inc. and issued an option to Prime
Response Group Inc. to repurchase 1,249,500 of these shares at an exercise
price of $3.42 per share and expires on September 30, 2000 on which date the
shareholder has the right to put these shares to Prime Response at the same
price. Prime Response has recorded the 1,249,500 as redeemable common stock and
the remaining 5,785,500 as common stock.

   In 1999, the Company changed its name from Prime Response Group Inc. to
Prime Response, Inc. The shares in PRL are held by Prime Response, Inc. as an
investment in that subsidiary and are eliminated in consolidation. The exchange
of shares in PRL for those in Prime Response Group Inc. represents various
equity and debt transactions executed to facilitate investment by a U.S.
venture capitalist and to allow an existing investor to liquidate a portion of
his interest and therefore no change in control was recorded. In October 1997,
in connection with the reorganization described above, Prime Response Group
Inc. sold 1,155,000 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock for $20.52
per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $23,697,000, General Atlantic
Partners 42, L.P. purchased 909,858 shares and GAP Coinvestment Partners, L.P.
purchased 245,142 shares.

   Holders of PRI's common stock are entitled to one vote per share.

 Employee Stock Option Plan

   In April 1998 Prime Response's Board of Directors adopted, and the
stockholders subsequently approved the 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuances Plan
(the "1998 Plan"). The 1998 Plan serves as the successor equity incentive
program to the Company's 1997 Employee Stock Option Plan under which no options
were issued.

   The 1998 Plan is divided into two separate components: (i) the Discretionary
Option Grant Program; and (ii) the Stock Issuance Program. The 1998 Plan will
terminate on April 21, 2008 unless terminated earlier by

                                      F-60

                             PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

the Board. The number of shares authorized in the 1998 Plan document of
1,250,000 was increased to 1,512,000 on September 30, 1998 and further
increased to 2,148,000 on July 10, 1999. In October, 1999, Prime Response's
Board of Directors authorized an increase in the number of shares authorized
for grant to 2,898,000 and in November 1999, the Board of Directors further
increased the number of shares authorized to 3,273,000.

   Options for common stock granted under the 1998 Plan are for exercise
within periods not to exceed ten years and must be issued at prices not less
than 100% and 85%, for incentive and non-qualified stock options,
respectively, of the fair value of the stock on the date of grant, unless a
lower value is approved by the Board of Directors. Incentive stock options
granted to stockholders who own greater than 10% of the outstanding stock are
for periods not to exceed five years and must be issued at prices not less
than 110% of the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant.

   Options granted under the 1998 Plan vest in steps over a four-year period,
from commencement date, with the first 25% vesting after one year, and the
remainder vesting in 36 equal monthly installments.

    Prime Response accounts for stock options granted to employees in
accordance with the provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25.
In connection with the grant of certain stock options to employees during the
period from commencement of the 1998 Plan (April 1998) to December 31, 1998
and during the year ended December 31, 1999, Prime Response recorded deferred
stock compensation of none and $2,602,000, respectively, representing the
difference between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on
measurement date and the exercise price. Compensation related to options which
vest over time was recorded as a component of stockholders' deficit and is
being amortized over the vesting periods of the related options. Prime
Response recorded compensation expense of none, none and $205,000 in 1997,
1998 and 1999, respectively in relation to these options. Compensation expense
related to restricted shares was recorded on grant date. Prime Response
recorded compensation expense of none, none and $1,677,000 in 1997, 1998 and
1999, respectively, in relation to these options. Compensation expense related
to remeasurement of stock options due to extensions of exercise periods was
recognized on the remeasurement date. Prime Response recorded compensation
expense of none, none and $143,000 in 1997, 1998 and 1999, respectively, in
relation to these options. Compensation expense is disclosed as a non-cash
expense in the related Statement of Operations line items.

 Valuation of Stock Options

   Had compensation expense for the Plans been determined based upon the
estimated grant date fair value pursuant to SFAS 123, Prime Response's net
loss for years ended December 31, 1998 and 1999 would have been as follows:

                                                Year Ended        Year Ended
                                             December 31, 1998 December 31, 1999
                                             ----------------- -----------------

     Net loss (in thousands):
       As reported.........................      $(14,603)         $(20,419)
       Pro forma...........................      $(14,710)         $(20,574)
     Net loss per share attributable to
      common stockholders--basic and
      diluted:
       As reported.........................      $  (2.36)         $  (3.44)
       Pro forma...........................      $  (2.38)         $  (3.46)

                                     F-61

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   The fair value of these stock awards at the date of grant was estimated
using the minimum value method with the following assumptions:

                                                Year Ended        Year Ended
                                             December 31, 1998 December 31, 1999
                                             ----------------- -----------------

     Risk free interest rate................        5.24%             5.43%
     Dividend yield.........................           0%                0%
     Expected volatility....................           0%                0%
     Expected life..........................     10 years          10 years

   The determination of the fair value of all options granted should Prime
Response become a public entity will include an expected volatility factor,
additional option grants are expected to be made subsequent to December 31,
1999, and most options vest over several years, the above pro forma effects are
not necessarily indicative of the pro forma effects on future years.

 Summary of Stock Options

     A summary of the status of Prime Response's options as of December 31,
  1998 and 1999 and changes during the periods then ended are presented
  below.

                                          Year Ended           Year Ended
                                      December 31, 1998    December 31, 1999
                                      ------------------- ---------------------
                                                Weighted-             Weighted-
                                                 Average               Average
                                                Exercise              Exercise
                                       Shares     Price     Shares      Price
                                      --------  --------- ----------  ---------

Outstanding at beginning of period..        --       --      736,538    $3.41
  Granted...........................   783,600    $3.41    1,613,144     4.92
  Exercised.........................        --       --     (668,006)    3.97
  Cancelled.........................   (47,062)    3.41     (294,203)    3.49
                                      --------    -----   ----------    -----
Outstanding at end of period........   736,538    $3.41    1,387,473    $4.88
                                      ========    =====   ==========    =====
Options available for grant at end
 of period..........................   775,462             1,217,746
                                      ========            ==========
Options granted at fair value:
  Weighted average exercise price...  $   3.41            $     4.31
                                      ========            ==========
  Weighted average fair value.......  $   1.42            $     1.72
                                      ========            ==========
Options granted below fair value:
  Weighted average exercise price...  $   3.41            $     6.09
                                      ========            ==========
  Weighted average fair value.......  $   1.82            $     7.45
                                      ========            ==========

                                      F-62

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
at December 31, 1999:

                                                Vested and Exercisable
                                               ------------------------
                                    Weighted-
                                     Average
                                    Remaining
                                   Contractual Number
                         Number     Life (in     of    Weighted-Average
      Exercise Price   Outstanding   Years)    Shares   Exercise Price
      --------------   ----------- ----------- ------- ----------------

          $3.41           452,593     7.53     251,382      $ 3.41
           4.00           450,052     8.82      87,828        4.00
           6.67           436,970     9.82         --         6.67
          10.80            47,858     9.92         --        10.80
                        ---------     ----     -------      ------
                        1,387,473     8.75     339,210      $ 3.56
                        =========     ====     =======      ======

 Issuance of Warrants

   During 1999, Prime Response issued warrants to purchase up to 313,000 and
251,000 shares of Prime Response's Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.41
and $.01 per share, respectively, in conjunction with the Series B and Series C
preferred stock issuance, respectively. The warrants have terms of five years
and seven years, respectively. The fair value of these warrants was determined
to be $2.69 and $11.84 per share, respectively, using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model, based on the following assumptions: 85.00% volatility, a term of
five and seven years, respectively, and interest rates of 5.87% and 6.07%,
respectively. The value of the warrants have been recorded as $720,000 and
$609,000, respectively, and have been included in additional paid in capital.

   Also during 1999, Prime Response issued 682,000 warrants to Andersen
Consulting. See details of this warrant issuance in Note 6.

 Shareholder Note Receivable and Restricted Stock

    At December 31, 1999, Prime Response held a note receivable in the amount
of $2,545,000 from an employee shareholder in consideration for the issuance of
restricted stock. The note is non-interest bearing and is due on January 31,
2009. Imputed interest of $1,678,000 has been recognized for this note and will
be amortized as income over the life of the loan. Compensation expense of
$1,678,000 for the discount from fair value due to imputed interest was
recognized at the time the shares were issued. Shares vest and restrictions
lapse in accordance with the terms of the 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance
Plan. In the event employment is terminated, Prime Response can elect to
repurchase, and the employee is obligated to sell, any of the vested shares for
fair market value and any unvested shares for the original purchase price.
During 1999, 636,000 shares of common stock were issued subject to such time-
based restrictions and all remain unvested at December 31, 1999.

6. Andersen Consulting Relationship

   On December 6, 1999, Prime Response and Andersen Consulting entered into a
joint marketing agreement and, along with an affiliate of Andersen Consulting,
a stock and warrant purchase agreement. Pursuant to the stock and warrant
purchase agreement, Andersen Consulting purchased 428,000 shares of common
stock and Andersen Consulting received a warrant to purchase 682,000 shares of
common stock. This warrant has an exercise price of $9.35 per share and vests
upon the earlier to occur of September 9, 2000 or the date of an acquisition of
Prime Response. Andersen Consulting also has a right of first refusal to
participate in any equity issuances by Prime Response prior to its initial
public offering in order to maintain its percentage

                                      F-63

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

ownership interest in Prime Response, subject to specified exceptions. The
aggregate purchase price paid by Andersen Consulting for the common stock and
this warrant was $4,000,000. Andersen Consulting has no performance obligations
under the stock and warrant purchase agreement or this warrant.

   Prime Response has recorded the stock at fair value and based on a value
equal to 90% of the estimated mid-point of the initial public offering range.
The fair value of the stock is $4,622,400. Prime Response calculated the fair
value of the warrants on date of grant using Black Scholes model with the
following assumptions: 7 year useful life (life of warrant), 6.07% risk-free
interest rate, zero dividends and 85.19% volatility. Based on this calculation,
the extended fair value of the warrants is $6,536,080. Prime Response has
recorded an intangible asset of $7,010,000 which is equal to the excess of the
aggregate fair values of the common stock and warrants over the purchase price.
This asset is being amortized as a non-cash sales and marketing expense over
its estimated useful life of four years, which reflects the term of the
marketing agreement.

   Prime Response issued a performance warrant to purchase 375,000 shares of
common stock to Andersen Consulting. Of this amount, 300,000 shares will vest
in share increments determined by the extent to which $2.0 billion exceeds
Prime Response's market capitalization at the time of its initial public
offering. An additional 75,000 shares will vest in increments of 7,500 shares
for each $100.0 million that market capitalization exceeds $2.0 billion, up to
a maximum market capitalization of $3.0 billion. This warrant has an exercise
price of $9.35 per share. Prime Response will measure the fair value of the
warrants when achievement of the market capitalization targets is probable. No
subsequent remeasurement will be necessary. Achievement of these targets was
not considered probable at December 31, 1999.

   Prime Response also issued a performance warrant to purchase 375,000 shares
of common stock to Andersen Consulting which will vest in increments of 10,500
shares for each $1.0 million of sales resulting from joint marketing efforts up
to $25 million and then in increments of 4,500 shares for each $1.0 million of
sales from $25 million to $50 million. This warrant also has an exercise price
of $9.35 per share. Prime Response will measure the value of these warrants at
the time such targets are probable and will record an expense for the value of
the warrant at that time. This charge will be adjusted to the final value of
the warrant at the time the sales targets are met. Achievement of these targets
was not considered probable at December 31, 1999.

   All warrants have a seven-year term. In the event that the marketing
agreement is terminated as a result of a breach by Andersen Consulting, no
further vesting under the warrants will occur, but those warrants already
exercisable will remain exercisable during their term to the extent then
vested.

   In the event that neither an initial public offering nor any other liquidity
event occurs by January 1, 2001, Andersen Consulting or its affiliates will
have the right to require Prime Response to repurchase the 428,000 shares of
common stock for $4,000,000. The repurchase amount will be payable in three
quarterly installments, plus 8% interest on the entire amount beginning on
January 1, 2001, plus additional interest of 7% per annum in the event Prime
Response fails to make any payment when due. This put right will terminate upon
an initial public offering or other liquidity event. As a result of this put
right, the common stock recorded in relation to this transaction was classified
as mandatorily redeemable common stock.

   Prime Response is obligated to engage Andersen Consulting for consulting
services of at least $1.0 million before December 31, 2001. Services under this
agreement will be expensed as incurred; any short-fall from the $1.0 million
obligation will be expensed when considered probable.

   If designated sales targets are met, Andersen Consulting is obligated to
provide up to $1.0 million in funding for joint marketing efforts, business
development personnel, structure feedback and sales support. The

                                      F-64

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

expenditure of these funds will be controlled by a committee comprised of both
Andersen Consulting and Prime Response personnel. This obligation has not been
recorded, as the probability of achieving the designated sales targets is
uncertain as of December 31, 1999.

7. Commitments and Contingencies

 Leases

   Prime Response has several operating lease agreements primarily involving
real estate and computers and equipment. These leases are noncancelable and
expire on various dates through 2013. Rent expense for operating leases totaled
$897,000, $2,291,000, and $2,465,000 for the years ended December 31, 1997,
1998, and 1999, respectively. Future minimum rental payments under leases with
initial or remaining terms of one year or more are as follows:

                                                               Operating Capital
                                                               --------- -------
                                                                (in thousands)
   Year ending December 31,

   2000.......................................................  $1,847    $347
   2001.......................................................   1,149     213
   2002.......................................................     653     116
   2003.......................................................     564      --
   2004.......................................................     321      --
   Thereafter.................................................   1,468      --
                                                                ------    ----
   Total future minimum lease payments........................  $6,002    $676
                                                                ------    ----
   Less: portion representing interest........................             (76)
                                                                          ----
                                                                          $600
                                                                          ====

8. Income Taxes

   Prime Response, Inc.'s statutory and effective tax rates were 34% and 0%,
respectively, for each of the years ended December 31, 1998 and 1999. The
effective tax rate was 0% due to net operating losses ("NOL") and
nonrecognition of any deferred tax asset. For December 31, 1997 there was a
provision for income taxes relating to non-U.S. operations of $159,000
resulting in an effective tax rate of 7.6%.

   Deferred tax assets (liabilities) are comprised of the following (in
thousands):

                                                                December 31,
                                                              -----------------
                                                               1998      1999
                                                              -------  --------

  Net operating loss carryforwards..........................  $ 4,049  $  8,708
  Other deferred tax assets.................................      768     1,412
                                                              -------  --------
  Gross deferred tax asset..................................    4,817    10,120
  Valuation allowance.......................................   (4,817)  (10,120)
                                                              -------  --------
  Net deferred taxes........................................  $    --  $     --
                                                              =======  ========

   Prime Response, Inc. has provided a full valuation allowance for the
deferred tax assets since it is more likely than not that these future benefits
will not be realized. If Prime Response, Inc. achieves profitability, a
significant portion of these deferred tax assets could be available to offset
future income taxes.

                                      F-65

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

   At December 31, 1999, Prime Response, Inc. has federal and state net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately $9,000,000 available to reduce
future federal and state income taxes payable. These net operating loss
carryforwards begin to expire in 2017 for federal purposes and 2003 for state
purposes. Prime Response, Inc. also has non-US net operating loss carryforwards
of $16,000,000, some of which begin to expire in 2003.

   Under the Internal Revenue Code, certain substantial changes in Prime
Response, Inc.'s ownership could result in an annual limitation on the amount
of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards which can be utilized in
future years.

   Ownership changes, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code, including those
resulting from the issuance of common stock in connection with an initial
public offering, may limit the amount of net operating loss and tax credit
carryforwards that can be utilized to offset future taxable income or tax
liability. The amount of the annual limitation is determined in accordance with
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.

9. Segment Analysis

   Prime Response earned all of its revenue from external customers. Prime
Response is organized into three segments, software licenses, services and
support and applications hosting, to reflect the key sales lines. The
distribution of revenues and total assets by geographic location is as follows
(in thousands):

                                                          Year Ended December 31,
                         ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     1997                            1998                               1999
                         ------------------------------  --------------------------------  ------------------------------
                                          Rest                             Rest                             Rest
                                           of                               of                               of
                           US      UK     World  Total     US      UK     World    Total     US      UK    World   Total
                         ------- -------  ----- -------  ------  -------  ------  -------  ------- ------- ------ -------

Revenues:
 Software licenses.....  $    65 $ 2,868   $--  $ 2,933  $3,295  $ 5,094  $  106  $ 8,495  $ 1,462 $ 7,797 $  875 $10,134
 Services and support..       --   2,495    --    2,495   1,075    3,104      35    4,214    2,025   4,092    402   6,519
 Applications hosting..       --   4,754    --    4,754      --    3,827      --    3,827       --   3,869     --   3,869
                         ------- -------   ---  -------  ------  -------  ------  -------  ------- ------- ------ -------
  Total revenues.......  $    65 $10,117   $--  $10,182  $4,370  $12,025  $  141  $16,536  $ 3,487 $15,758 $1,277 $20,522
                         ======= =======   ===  =======  ======  =======  ======  =======  ======= ======= ====== =======
Gross profit:
 Software licenses.....  $    59 $ 2,791   $--  $ 2,850  $3,290  $ 4,947  $  106  $ 8,343  $ 1,462 $ 7,797 $  875 $10,134
 Services and support..       --    (557)   --     (557)   (631)  (1,597)    (35)  (2,263)     118   1,745     21   1,884
 Applications hosting..       --   2,831    --    2,831      --    1,350      --    1,350       --   1,093     --   1,093
                         ------- -------   ---  -------  ------  -------  ------  -------  ------- ------- ------ -------
  Total gross profit...  $    59 $ 5,065   $--  $ 5,124  $2,659  $ 4,700  $   71  $ 7,430  $ 1,580 $10,635 $  896 $13,111
                         ======= =======   ===  =======  ======  =======  ======  =======  ======= ======= ====== =======
  Total assets.........  $21,573 $ 5,149   $--  $26,722  $3,847  $ 3,555  $2,750  $10,152  $13,481 $11,392 $  643 $25,515
                         ======= =======   ===  =======  ======  =======  ======  =======  ======= ======= ====== =======

10. Acquisitions

   On January 19, 1998, Prime Response acquired certain intellectual property
rights and other intangible assets related to the MIND software business from
an Irish company, Admiral IT Services Limited, for consideration of $2,812,000.
The acquisition was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. The
purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired based upon the fair
market values as determined by Prime Response at the date of acquisition and
will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic lives of
two years, principally for goodwill.

   At December 31, 1999, Prime Response had accumulated amortization relating
to this intangible asset of $2,560,000.

                                      F-66

                             PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

11. Related Party Transactions

   During the year ended December 31, 1999, Prime Response made sales totaling
$540,000 to a company which is partly owned by a significant shareholder of
Prime Response. At December 31, 1999, $110,000 remained outstanding from this
related party.

   During the year ended December 31, 1999, Prime Response made sales totaling
$27,000 to a company which is partly owned by a significant shareholder and
which two of our Directors hold management and directorship positions,
respectively. At December 31, 1999, $27,000 remained outstanding from this
related party.

   There were no material related party transactions during the years ended
December 31, 1997 and 1998.

12. Employee Benefit Plan

   Prime Response offers a 401(k) plan to its our United States employees who
meet certain defined requirements. Under the terms of the 401(k) plan,
eligible employees may elect to make tax-deferred contributions, and Prime
Response may match 25% of the lesser of the contributing employee's elective
deferral or 4% of the contributing employee's total salary. During 1998 and
the year ended December 31, 1999, Prime Response contributed approximately
$11,000 and $20,000, respectively, to the 401(k) plan. Prime Response made no
contributions during 1997.

   Prime Response offers comparable benefits to certain employees located
outside the United States.

                                     F-67

Prime Response, Inc. And Subsidiaries
Financial Statements
Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2000
(Unaudited)

                                      F-68

ITEM 1: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                       (in thousands, except share data)

                                                      September 30, December 31,
                                                          2000          1999
                                                      ------------- ------------

ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents..........................    $ 32,058      $ 3,999
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
  accounts of $901 and $147,     respectively.......       9,388        9,057
 Prepaid and other current assets...................       2,490        2,595
                                                        --------      -------
 Total current assets...............................      43,936       15,651
Property and equipment, net.........................       3,478        2,602
Intangible and other assets, net....................       7,394        7,262
                                                        --------      -------
 Total assets.......................................    $ 54,808      $25,515
                                                        ========      =======
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable...................................    $  3,624      $ 3,920
 Short-term debt and capital lease obligations......          90        2,289
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities.............       5,635        4,472
 Accrued interest income............................         176          176
 Deferred revenue...................................       3,966        6,074
                                                        --------      -------
 Total current liabilities..........................      13,491       16,931
Long-term debt and capital lease obligations........          --          311
Long-term accrued interest income...................       1,266        1,398
Commitments and contingencies
Redeemable common stock, $0.01 par value, 0 shares
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2000, and
 1,677,307 shares issued and outstanding at December
 31, 1999...........................................          --        8,295
Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock,
 $0.01 par value, 1,155,000 shares authorized; 0
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30,
 2000, and 1,155,000 shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31, 1999 (liquidation value:
 $51,546,000 at December 31, 1999)..................          --       27,842
Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock,
 $0.01 par value, 1,700,000 shares authorized; 0
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30,
 2000, and 1,699,834 shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31, 1999 (liquidation value:
 $21,263,000 at December 31, 1999)..................          --       10,343
Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock,
 $0.01 par value, 3,000,000 shares authorized; 0
 shares issued and outstanding at September 30,
 2000, and 1,833,331 shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31, 1999 (liquidation value:
 $11,000,000 at December 31, 1999)..................          --        4,891
Stockholders' equity (deficit):
 Common stock, $0.01 par value: 27,750,000 shares
  authorized (including redeemable common stock);
  20,466,840 shares issued and outstanding at
  September 30, 2000 (net of 1,249,500 shares in
  treasury), and 6,453,506 issued and outstanding at
  December 31, 1999.................................         207           65
 Additional paid-in capital.........................     155,295        6,520
 Accumulated other comprehensive income loss........          22          (12)
 Accumulated deficit................................    (106,475)     (46,127)
 Treasury stock, 1,249,500 shares at cost...........      (4,273)          --
 Note receivable from shareholder...................      (2,545)      (2,545)
 Deferred compensation..............................      (2,180)      (2,397)
                                                        --------      -------
 Total stockholders' equity (deficit)...............      40,051      (44,496)
                                                        --------      -------
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity.........    $ 54,808      $25,515
                                                        ========      =======

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-69

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                       (in thousands, except share data)

                                                                 Nine Months
                                          Three Months Ended   Ended September
                                            September 30,            30,
                                          -------------------  ----------------
                                            2000      1999      2000     1999
                                          --------- ---------  -------  -------

Revenues:
  Software license......................  $  3,315  $   1,654  $13,656  $ 5,278
  Services and support..................     2,802      1,455    7,441    4,709
  Applications hosting..................       821      1,095    2,409    3,080
                                          --------  ---------  -------  -------
    Total revenues......................     6,938      4,204   23,506   13,067
Cost of revenues:
  Software license......................        79         --       79       --
  Services & support....................     2,136      1,230    5,841    3,247
  Applications hosting..................       843        647    2,599    2,088
  Non-cash cost of good sold............        29         84       86       89
                                          --------  ---------  -------  -------
    Total cost of revenues..............     3,087      1,961    8,605    5,424
Gross profit............................     3,851      2,243   14,901    7,643
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing...................     6,718      2,985   19,987    8,524
  Non-cash sales and marketing..........       852         16    2,162       35
  Research and development..............     2,770      2,632    8,079    6,712
  Non-cash research and development.....        31         34       94       34
  General and administrative............     2,095        959    4,951    2,659
  Non-cash general and administrative...        30          8       89    1,686
  Amortization of goodwill and other
   intangible assets....................        --        308       --      931
                                          --------  ---------  -------  -------
                                            12,496      6,942   35,362   20,581
Other expense (income):
  Interest income.......................      (637)       (44)  (1,539)     (62)
  Interest expense......................        32         24      286       87
  Interest expense related to beneficial
   conversion feature...................        --      2,500       --    2,500
  Loss on foreign exchange..............       (18)        (1)     (34)      49
                                          --------  ---------  -------  -------
Loss before income taxes................    (8,022)    (7,178) (19,174) (15,512)
Provision for income taxes..............        --          7      (74)       9
                                          --------  ---------  -------  -------
  Net loss..............................    (8,022)    (7,185) (19,100) (15,521)
Preferred stock dividends and
 participation payment..................        --      3,068   41,234    4,356
                                          --------  ---------  -------  -------
Net loss attributable to common
 stockholders...........................    (8,022)   (10,253) (60,334) (19,877)
Net loss per share--basic and diluted...  $  (0.39) $   (1.35) $ (3.45) $ (2.72)
                                          ========  =========  =======  =======
Weighted average shares outstanding-
 basic and diluted......................    20,466      7,671   17,486    7,318
                                          ========  =========  =======  =======

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-70

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                       (in thousands, except share data)

                                                             Nine Months ended
                                                               September 30,
                                                             ------------------
                                                               2000      1999
                                                             --------  --------

Cash flows used in operating activities:
 Net loss..................................................  $(19,100) $(15,521)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in
  operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment..     1,150       714
  Amortization of goodwill and intangibles.................     1,342       931
  Compensation expense related to stock options............     1,090     1,844
  Provision for doubtful accounts..........................       754        --
  Interest expense related to beneficial conversion
   feature.................................................        --     2,500
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable......................................    (1,790)   (1,757)
  Prepaid and other current assets.........................      (660)     (770)
  Accounts payable.........................................      (108)      538
  Accrued expenses and other liabilities...................     1,450       (71)
  Deferred revenue.........................................    (1,662)    4,085
  Other long term assets...................................    (1,750)       --
                                                             --------  --------
   Net cash used in operating activities...................   (19,284)   (7,507)
                                                             --------  --------
Cash flows used in investing activities:
 Purchase of property and equipment........................    (2,007)   (1,117)
                                                             --------  --------
   Net cash used in investing activities...................    (2,007)   (1,117)
                                                             --------  --------
Cash flows provided by financing activities:
 Proceeds from initial public offering, net of issuance
  costs....................................................    66,085        --
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock (Series A, B and
  C) and warrants, net of issuance costs...................        --     8,001
 Proceeds from shareholder loans...........................        --     2,500
 Repayment of credit facility..............................    (2,000)       --
 Payment of participation payment..........................    (9,517)       --
 Purchase of treasury stock................................    (4,274)       --
 Repayment of capital leases...............................      (495)     (225)
 Increase in line of credit................................        --       357
 Dividends paid............................................      (934)       --
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants......       505        --
                                                             --------  --------
   Net cash provided by financing activities...............    49,370    10,633
                                                             --------  --------
Effect of exchange rate on cash............................       (20)      (69)
                                                             --------  --------
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents..................    28,059     1,940
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period.............     3,999       530
                                                             --------  --------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period...................  $ 32,058  $  2,470
                                                             ========  ========
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash transactions:
 Conversion of series A, B and C preferred stock to common
  stock....................................................  $ 39,405  $     --
                                                             ========  ========
 Payment of dividends in common stock......................  $  4,578  $     --
                                                             ========  ========
 Participation payment paid in common stock................  $ 29,883  $     --
                                                             ========  ========
 Accretion of discount on preferred stock..................  $  1,329  $     --
                                                             ========  ========

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                  statements.

                                      F-71

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1--NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION:

 The Company

   Prime Response, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries ("Prime
Response" or "the Company") is a leading provider of integrated eMarketing
software solutions that enable businesses with large customer bases to create,
manage and execute highly targeted internet and traditional marketing campaigns
to build more loyal and profitable customer relationships. Prime Response's
customers consist primarily of Fortune 1000 businesses as well as leading e-
commerce businesses primarily based in the United States and Europe. Prime
Response sells its products through multiple distribution channels including
direct sales and resellers.

   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Prime
Response, Inc. and its wholly-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries. All
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. The balance sheet
at September 30, 2000, and the statement of operations for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2000 and 1999, and cash flows for the nine months
ended September 30, 2000, and 1999 have been prepared without audit. In the
opinion of management, these financial statements reflect all adjustments that
are necessary for a fair presentation of the result for and as of the periods
shown. The results of operations for such periods are not necessarily
indicative of the results expected for a full fiscal year or for any future
period. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and related notes included in the Company's Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (file number 333-92461) filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission.

NOTE 2--INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING:

   On March 3, 2000, Prime Response completed an initial public offering (the
"IPO") of 3,500,000 shares of its common stock. On April 3, 2000, the
underwriters of the initial public offering exercised the over-allotment option
to purchase an additional 525,000 shares. All 4,025,000 shares covered by Prime
Response's Registration Statement on Form S-1, were sold by Prime Response at a
price of $18.00 per share, less an underwriting commission of $1.26 per share.
Net proceeds to the Company, after deducting underwriting commissions and
offering expenses, were approximately $65.4 million. Upon the consummation of
Prime Response's initial public offering on March 3, 2000, all of the then
outstanding Series A, B and C Preferred Stock automatically converted into
common stock. (See Note 6).

NOTE 3--SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

 Net Loss per Share

   Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for the period
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted net loss per share does not differ from basic net loss per share since
potential common shares from conversion of preferred stock and exercise of
stock options and warrants are antidilutive for all periods presented.

   Net loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2000
and 1999 is computed using the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding. Net loss available to common stockholders includes preferred stock
dividends of $0, $1.8 million, $3.1 million and $4.4 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2000 and 1999, respectively, as well as
participation payments in cash and stock totalling $39.4 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2000, in connection with the Series A, B and C
preferred stock. The number of shares to be issued for the participation
payment is calculated based on $12.00 per share.

                                      F-72

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

    Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2000 exclude the potential common shares from
stock options and warrants because to include such shares would have been
antidilutive. As of September 30, 2000, 3.1 million potential common shares
were outstanding.

 Accounting Pronouncements

   In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"), "Revenue Recognition in
Financial Statements." SAB 101 summarizes the SEC's view in applying generally
accepted accounting principles to selected revenue recognition issues. The
application of the guidance in SAB 101 (as amended by SAB 101A and SAB 101B)
will be required in the Company's fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2000. The
effects of applying this guidance, if any, will be reported as a cumulative
effect adjustment resulting from a change in accounting principle. Prime
Response does not anticipate that the implementation of SAB 101 will have a
material impact on its financial statements.

NOTE 4--OTHER ASSETS:

   During March 2000, Prime Response entered into an OEM software license
agreement with a provider of customer optimization technology. Prime Response
will pay royalties for all licenses sold that integrate the customer
optimization technology. Prime Response paid $1.0 million as an initial non-
refundable prepayment of these royalties. In addition, Prime Response received
a warrant to purchase 40,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of
$9.73 per share and a five-year term. Prime Response has calculated the fair
value of the shares underlying the warrant to be $276,000 using the Black
Scholes model. The $1.0 million paid has been recorded as a long term asset on
the balance sheet with $276,000 being allocated to the warrants and the
remainder will be recorded as royalty expense in cost of sales as license sales
are recognized. During the quarter ended September 30, 2000, $79,000 was
recognized and recorded as a cost of license sale.

   During July 2000, Prime Response entered into an OEM software license
agreement with a third party provider of enterprise portal software. Prime
Response will pay royalties for all licenses sold that integrate this third
party's enterprise portal software. Prime Response paid $0.8 million as an
initial non-refundable prepayment of these royalties. This $0.8 million has
been recorded as a long term asset at September 30, 2000 and will be recognized
as a cost of sales as license sales are recognized.

NOTE 5--LONG-TERM DEBT:

    On October 28, 1999, Prime Response entered into an agreement with Greyrock
Capital which provided for a term loan of $2.0 million which was received by
Prime Response upon execution of the agreement. The agreement also allowed
Prime Response to borrow up to $3.0 million against outstanding receivable
balances. During March 2000, Prime Response repaid the $2.0 million term loan.
The credit facility was terminated during June 2000.

   During January 2000, Prime Response entered into an agreement with Kite
Limited evidenced by a promissory note in the amount of $4.3 million for the
repurchase of 1,249,500 shares of redeemable common stock from a former
shareholder at $3.42 per share. Prime Response repaid the note in full during
March 2000, and recorded the shares as treasury stock.

NOTE 6--REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK:

 Conversion

   Upon the consummation of the IPO, the Series A, B and C preferred shares
were converted into a total of 6,324,000 shares of common stock. Each share of
Series A, B and C preferred stock converted into 3.1282, 0.7858 and 0.75
shares, respectively, of common stock.

                                      F-73

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

 Dividends

   Upon the consummation of the IPO, the holders of Series A and B preferred
stock received cumulative dividends in the amount of $3.59 and $0.51 per share,
respectively. Cumulative dividends on the Series A and B preferred stock were
$4.5 million and $1.0 million, respectively. All of the Series A dividends were
paid in 374,821 shares of common stock. Series B dividends were paid $0.9
million in cash and 6,661 in shares of common stock. The holders of Series C
preferred stock were not entitled to dividends.

 Participation Payment

   Upon the consummation of the IPO, the holders of Series A and C preferred
stock received, in addition to accrued dividends and the common stock
conversion feature, $20.52 and $3.00 per share, respectively, paid in 2,433,382
shares of common stock. The holders of Series B preferred stock received, in
addition to accrued dividends and the conversion feature, $6.00 per share which
was paid with $9.5 million in cash and 56,875 in shares of common stock.

NOTE 7--STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:

 Stock Options

   In connection with the grant of certain stock options to employees during
the nine months ended September 30, 2000, Prime Response recorded deferred
stock compensation of approximately $0.3 million, representing the difference
between the estimated fair market value of the common stock on measurement date
and the exercise price. Compensation related to options, which vest over time,
was recorded as a component of stockholders' equity and is being amortized over
the vesting periods of the related options. Prime Response recorded
compensation expense of approximately $0.2 million and $0.8 million during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2000, respectively, relating to the
amortization of deferred compensation recorded during 1999 and 2000, and the
acceleration of a former employees' options. Compensation expense is disclosed
as a non-cash expense in the consolidated Statement of Operations line items.

   During the three months ended September 30, 2000, Prime Response issued
40,000 stock options to members of its newly formed Marketing Advisory Board.
These options are immediately vested. In connection with this grant, the
Company recorded non-cash compensation expense of $0.3 million.

NOTE 8--COMPREHENSIVE INCOME:

   Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and other comprehensive
income. Other comprehensive income includes certain changes in equity that are
excluded from net income, such as translation adjustments.

 Redeemable Common Stock

   Andersen Consulting or its affiliate had the right to require Prime Response
to repurchase the 428,000 shares it purchased in December 1999 for $4.0
million. The put right terminated upon the IPO and accordingly these shares
were moved from redeemable common stock to common stock upon the IPO. In
addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2000, Prime Response
repurchased 1,249,500 shares of common stock from a former shareholder that had
the right to put these shares to Prime Response prior to September 30, 2000.
These shares were recorded as redeemable common stock at December 31, 1999.

 Warrants

   In connection with achieving designated sales targets, Andersen Consulting
vested in 10,500 and 31,500 shares of the Company's common stock underlying its
performance warrants during the three and nine months

                                      F-74

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

ended September 30, 2000, respectively. Using the Black Scholes model, Prime
Response calculated the fair value of the shares underlying the warrants to be
$37,000 and $176,000 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2000,
respectively. This amount is included as a non-cash sales and marketing expense
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2000.

NOTE 9--SEGMENT ANALYSIS:

   Prime Response earned all of its revenue from external customers. Prime
Response is organized into three segments, software licenses, services and
support and applications hosting, to reflect the key sales lines. The
distribution of revenues and total assets by geographic location is as follows
(in thousands):

                                       Three Months Ended September 30,
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2000                              1999
                         --------------------------------  -------------------------------
                                            Rest                             Rest
                          North              of             North             of
                         America    UK     World   Total   America    UK    World   Total
                         -------  -------  ------ -------  -------  ------- ------ -------

Revenues:
 Software licenses...... $ 1,647  $ 1,185  $  483 $ 3,315  $   351  $ 1,099 $  204 $ 1,654
 Services and support...     950    1,616     236   2,802      555      790    110   1,455
 Applications hosting...      --      821      --     821       --    1,095     --   1,095
                         -------  -------  ------ -------  -------  ------- ------ -------
  Total revenues........ $ 2,597  $ 3,622  $  719 $ 6,938  $   906  $ 2,984 $  314 $ 4,204
Gross profit:
 Software licenses...... $ 1,568  $ 1,185  $  483 $ 3,236  $   351  $ 1,099 $  204 $ 1,654
 Services and support...      51      555      31     637      (83)     177     47     141
 Applications hosting...      --      (22)     --     (22)      --      448     --     448
                         -------  -------  ------ -------  -------  ------- ------ -------
  Total gross profit.... $ 1,619  $ 1,719  $  514 $ 3,851  $   268  $ 1,724 $  251 $ 2,243
                         =======  =======  ====== =======  =======  ======= ====== =======

                                        Nine Months Ended September 30,
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                      2000                              1999
                         --------------------------------  -------------------------------
                                            Rest                             Rest
                          North              of             North             of
                         America    UK     World   Total   America    UK    World   Total
                         -------  -------  ------ -------  -------  ------- ------ -------

Revenues:
 Software licenses...... $ 6,409  $ 5,149  $2,098 $13,656  $   649  $ 3,935 $  695 $ 5,278
 Services and support...   2,510    4,213     718   7,441    1,503    2,893    313   4,709
 Applications hosting...      --    2,409      --   2,409       --    3,080     --   3,080
                         -------  -------  ------ -------  -------  ------- ------ -------
  Total revenues........ $ 8,919  $11,771  $2,816 $23,506  $ 2,152  $ 9,908 $1,008 $13,067
Gross profit:
 Software licenses...... $ 6,330  $ 5,149  $2,098 $13,577  $   649  $ 3,935 $  695 $ 5,278
 Services and support...    (394)   1,718     190   1,514      146    1,122    105   1,373
 Applications hosting...      --     (190)     --    (190)      --      992     --     992
                         -------  -------  ------ -------  -------  ------- ------ -------
  Total gross profit.... $ 5,936  $ 6,677  $2,288 $14,901  $   795  $ 6,049 $  800 $ 7,643
  Total assets(1)....... $44,319  $ 8,270  $2,219 $54,808  $13,481  $11,392 $  642 $25,515
                         =======  =======  ====== =======  =======  ======= ====== =======

- --------
(1) For 1999, the total asset numbers are as of December 31, 1999.

                                      F-75

                              PRIME RESPONSE, INC.

            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS--(Continued)

NOTE 10--RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

   During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2000, Prime Response
recorded revenue totaling $108,000 and $162,000, respectively, from a company
which is partly owned by a significant shareholder of Prime Response. At
September 30, 2000, $121,700 remained outstanding from this related party.

   During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2000, Prime Response
recorded revenue totaling $4,000 and $383,000, respectively, from a company
which is partly owned by a significant shareholder and which one of our
Directors holds a directorship position. At September 30, 2000, $84,000
remained outstanding from this related party.

                                      F-76

                                                                         ANNEX A

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

                                     among:

                           Chordiant Software, Inc.,
                            a Delaware corporation;

                           Puccini Acquisition Corp.,
                          a Delaware corporation; and

                             Prime Response, Inc.,
                             a Delaware corporation

                           -------------------------
                          Dated as of January 8, 2001

                           -------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

 SECTION 1. Description of Transaction..................................   A-1
      1.1   Merger of Merger Sub into the Company.......................   A-1
      1.2   Effect of the Merger........................................   A-1
      1.3   Closing; Effective Time.....................................   A-1
                  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Directors and
      1.4   Officers....................................................   A-2
      1.5   Conversion of Shares........................................   A-2
      1.6   Closing of the Company's Transfer Books.....................   A-3
      1.7   Exchange of Certificates....................................   A-3
      1.8   Tax Consequences............................................   A-4
      1.9   Accounting Consequences.....................................   A-4
      1.10  Further Action..............................................   A-4

 SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties of the Company...............   A-4
      2.1   Subsidiaries; Due Organization; Etc. .......................   A-4
      2.2   Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.....................   A-5
      2.3   Capitalization, Etc. .......................................   A-5
      2.4   SEC Filings; Financial Statements...........................   A-6
      2.5   Absence of Changes..........................................   A-7
      2.6   Title to Assets.............................................   A-8
      2.7   Receivables; Customers......................................   A-8
      2.8   Real Property; Equipment; Leasehold.........................   A-9
      2.9   Proprietary Assets..........................................   A-9
      2.10  Contracts...................................................  A-11
      2.11  Sale of Products; Performance of Services...................  A-13
      2.12  Liabilities.................................................  A-13
      2.13  Compliance with Legal Requirements..........................  A-13
      2.14  Certain Business Practices..................................  A-13
      2.15  Governmental Authorizations.................................  A-13
      2.16  Tax Matters.................................................  A-14
      2.17  Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans...................  A-15
      2.18  Environmental Matters.......................................  A-17
      2.19  Insurance...................................................  A-17
      2.20  Transactions with Affiliates................................  A-18
      2.21  Legal Proceedings; Orders...................................  A-18
                   Authority; Inapplicability of Anti-takeover Statutes;
      2.22  Binding Nature of Agreement.................................  A-18
      2.23  Section 203 of the DGCL Not Applicable......................  A-18
      2.24  No Existing Discussions.....................................  A-18
      2.25  Vote Required...............................................  A-19
      2.26  Non-Contravention; Consents.................................  A-19
      2.27  Fairness Opinion............................................  A-20
      2.28  Financial Advisor...........................................  A-20
      2.29  Full Disclosure.............................................  A-20

 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.....  A-20
      3.1   Due Organization; Subsidiaries; Etc. .......................  A-20
      3.2   Capitalization, Etc. .......................................  A-21
      3.3   SEC Filings; Financial Statements...........................  A-21
      3.4   Absence of Certain Changes or Events........................  A-22
      3.5   Proprietary Assets..........................................  A-22

                                      A-i

                                                                          Page
                                                                          ----

      3.6   Liabilities.................................................  A-22
      3.7   Legal Proceedings; Orders...................................  A-23
      3.8   Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement......................  A-23
      3.9   Vote Required...............................................  A-23
      3.10  Non-Contravention; Consents.................................  A-23
      3.11  Full Disclosure.............................................  A-24
      3.12  Fairness Opinion............................................  A-24
      3.13  Valid Issuance..............................................  A-24
      3.14  Compliance with Legal Requirements..........................  A-24

 SECTION 4. Certain Covenants of the Company and Parent.................  A-24
      4.1   Access and Investigation....................................  A-24
      4.2   Operation of the Company's Business.........................  A-25
      4.3   No Solicitation.............................................  A-27

 SECTION 5. Additional Covenants of the Parties.........................  A-28
      5.1   Registration Statement; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus....  A-28
      5.2   Company Stockholders' Meeting...............................  A-29
      5.3   Parent Stockholders' Meeting................................  A-29
      5.4   Regulatory Approvals........................................  A-30
      5.5   Stock Options and ESPP......................................  A-30
      5.6   Warrants....................................................  A-31
      5.7   Employee Benefits...........................................  A-32
      5.8   Indemnification of Officers and Directors...................  A-32
      5.9   Additional Agreements.......................................  A-33
      5.10  Disclosure..................................................  A-33
      5.11  Affiliate Agreements........................................  A-33
      5.12  Tax Matters.................................................  A-33
      5.13  Letter of the Company's Accountants.........................  A-34
      5.14  Resignation of Officers and Directors.......................  A-34
      5.15  Listing.....................................................  A-34
      5.16  Board of Directors..........................................  A-34
      5.17  MarketSwitch Corporation Warrant............................  A-34
      5.18  Expense Amounts in 2001.....................................  A-34

                Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Parent and Merger
 SECTION 6. Sub.........................................................  A-35
      6.1   Accuracy of Representations.................................  A-35
      6.2   Performance of Covenants....................................  A-35
      6.3   Effectiveness of Registration Statement.....................  A-35
      6.4   Stockholder Approval........................................  A-36
      6.5   Consents....................................................  A-36
      6.6   Agreements and Documents....................................  A-36
      6.7   HSR Act.....................................................  A-36
      6.8   Listing.....................................................  A-36
      6.9   No Restraints...............................................  A-36
      6.10  No Governmental Litigation..................................  A-36
      6.11  No Other Litigation.........................................  A-37
      6.12  MarketSwitch Warrant........................................  A-37

 SECTION 7. Conditions Precedent to Obligation of the Company...........  A-37
      7.1   Accuracy of Representations.................................  A-37
      7.2   Performance of Covenants....................................  A-38
      7.3   Effectiveness of Registration Statement.....................  A-38

                                      A-ii

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

      7.4   Stockholder Approval..........................................  A-38
      7.5   Documents.....................................................  A-38
      7.6   HSR Act.......................................................  A-38
      7.7   Listing.......................................................  A-38
      7.8   No Restraints.................................................  A-38

 SECTION 8. Termination...................................................  A-38
      8.1   Termination...................................................  A-38
      8.2   Effect of Termination.........................................  A-39
      8.3   Expenses; Termination Fees....................................  A-39

 SECTION 9. Miscellaneous Provisions......................................  A-40
      9.1   Amendment.....................................................  A-40
      9.2   Waiver........................................................  A-41
      9.3   No Survival of Representations and Warranties.................  A-41
      9.4   Entire Agreement; Counterparts................................  A-41
      9.5   Applicable Law; Jurisdiction..................................  A-41
      9.6   Disclosure Schedule...........................................  A-41
      9.7   Attorneys' Fees...............................................  A-41
      9.8   Assignability.................................................  A-41
      9.9   Notices.......................................................  A-42
      9.10  Cooperation...................................................  A-42
      9.11  Severability..................................................  A-42
      9.12  Construction..................................................  A-43

                                     A-iii

                                    EXHIBITS

 Exhibit A Certain Definitions

 Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation

 Exhibit C Form of Affiliate Agreement

                                      A-iv

                AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER AND REORGANIZATION

   This Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization ("Agreement") is made
and entered into as of January 8, 2001, by and among: Chordiant Software, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation ("Parent"); Puccini Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"); and Prime
Response, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Certain capitalized
terms used in this Agreement are defined in Exhibit A.

                                    Recitals

   A. Parent, Merger Sub and the Company intend to effect a merger of Merger
Sub into the Company in accordance with this Agreement and the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the "Merger"). Upon consummation of the Merger, Merger Sub
will cease to exist, and the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent.

   B. It is intended that the Merger qualify as a tax-free reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"). For financial reporting purposes, it is intended that the
Merger be accounted for as a "purchase".

   C. The respective boards of directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
have approved this Agreement and approved the Merger.

   D. In order to induce Parent to enter into this Agreement and to consummate
the Merger, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
certain stockholders of the Company are executing voting agreements in favor of
Parent pursuant to which such stockholders have agreed to vote not less than 40
percent of the Company Common Stock outstanding as of the date of this
Agreement in favor of the approval of the Merger and approval of this
Agreement.

                                   Agreement

   The parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, agree as
follows:

Section 1. Description of Transaction

   1. Merger of Merger Sub into the Company. Upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 1.3), Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, and the
separate existence of Merger Sub shall cease. The Company will continue as the
surviving corporation in the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation").

   1.2 Effect of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in
this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the "DGCL").

   1.3 Closing; Effective Time. The consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place at the offices
of Cooley Godward LLP, 3175 Hanover Street, Palo Alto, California, at 1:30
p.m., California time, on a date to be designated by Parent (the "Closing
Date"), which shall be as promptly as practical, but in no event later than the
fifth business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the last to be satisfied
or waived of the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 (other than those
conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions). Subject to the provisions of
this Agreement, a certificate of merger satisfying the applicable requirements
of the DGCL shall be duly executed by the Company and concurrently with or as
soon as practicable following the Closing delivered to the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware for filing. The Merger shall become effective upon the
filing of such certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware (the "Effective Time").

                                      A-1

   1.4 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Directors and Officers. Unless
otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time:

       (a) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
  shall be amended and restated immediately after the Effective Time to
  conform to Exhibit B;

       (b) the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and
  restated as of the Effective Time to conform to the Bylaws of Merger Sub as
  in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time; and

       (c) the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation
  immediately after the Effective Time shall be the respective individuals
  who are directors and officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the
  Effective Time.

   1.5 Conversion of Shares.

   (a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any further
action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any stockholder of the
Company:

       (i) any shares of Company Common Stock then held by the Company or any
  wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company (or held in the Company's treasury)
  shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no
  consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor;

       (ii) any shares of Company Common Stock then held by Parent, Merger
  Sub or any other wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent shall be canceled and
  retired and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered
  in exchange therefor;

       (iii) except as provided in clauses "(i)" and "(ii)" above and subject
  to Sections 1.5(b), 1.5(c) and 1.5(d), each share of Company Common Stock
  then outstanding shall be converted into the right to receive 0.60 of a
  share of Parent Common Stock; and

       (iv) each share of the common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of
  Merger Sub then outstanding shall be converted into one share of common
  stock of the Surviving Corporation.

   The fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock specified in Section
1.5(a)(iii) (as such fraction may be adjusted in accordance with this Section
1.5(b)) is referred to as the "Exchange Ratio."

   (b) If, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or Parent Common Stock are changed
into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split,
division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split,
consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar
transaction, then the Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted.

   (c) If any shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a repurchase option,
repurchase right, risk of forfeiture or other condition under any applicable
restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with the Company or
under which the Company has any rights, then the shares of Parent Common Stock
issued in exchange for such shares of Company Common Stock will also be
unvested and subject to the same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other
condition, and the certificates representing such shares of Parent Common Stock
may accordingly be marked with appropriate legends. The Company shall assign
such repurchase option or repurchase right to Parent and take all such other
action that may be necessary to ensure that, from and after the Effective Time,
Parent is entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or other right set
forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement.

   (d) No fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued in
connection with the Merger, and no certificates or scrip for any such
fractional shares shall be issued. Any holder of Company Common Stock who would
otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock
(after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to
such holder) shall, in lieu of such fraction of a share and,

                                      A-2

upon surrender of such holder's Company Stock Certificate(s) (as defined in
Section 1.6), be paid in cash the dollar amount (rounded to the nearest whole
cent), without interest, determined by multiplying such fraction by the closing
price of a share of Parent Common Stock on the Nasdaq National Market on the
date the Merger becomes effective.

   1.6 Closing of the Company's Transfer Books. At the Effective Time: (a) all
shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and
all holders of certificates representing shares of Company Common Stock that
were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have
any rights as stockholders of the Company; and (b) the stock transfer books of
the Company shall be closed with respect to all shares of Company Common Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. No further transfer of any
such shares of Company Common Stock shall be made on such stock transfer books
after the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, a valid certificate
previously representing any shares of Company Common Stock (a "Company Stock
Certificate") is presented to the Exchange Agent (as defined in Section 1.7) or
to the Surviving Corporation or Parent, such Company Stock Certificate shall be
canceled and shall be exchanged as provided in Section 1.7.

   1.7 Exchange of Certificates.

   (a) On or prior to the Closing Date, Parent shall designate a reputable bank
or trust company reasonably satisfactory to the Company to act as exchange
agent in the Merger (the "Exchange Agent"). As soon as practicable after the
Effective Time, Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent (i) certificates
representing the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to this
Section 1, and (ii) cash sufficient to make payments in lieu of fractional
shares in accordance with Section 1.5(d). The shares of Parent Common Stock and
cash amounts so deposited with the Exchange Agent, together with any dividends
or distributions received by the Exchange Agent with respect to such shares,
are referred to collectively as the "Exchange Fund."

   (b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the Exchange
Agent will mail to the record holders of Company Stock Certificates (i) a
letter of transmittal in customary form and containing such provisions as
Parent may reasonably specify (including a provision confirming that delivery
of Company Stock Certificates shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
Company Stock Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of such Company Stock
Certificates to the Exchange Agent), and (ii) instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of Company Stock Certificates in exchange for certificates
representing Parent Common Stock. Upon surrender of a Company Stock Certificate
to the Exchange Agent for exchange, together with a duly executed letter of
transmittal and such other documents as may be reasonably required by the
Exchange Agent or Parent, (1) the holder of such Company Stock Certificate
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a certificate representing
the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock that such holder has the
right to receive pursuant to the provisions of Section 1.5 (and cash in lieu of
any fractional share of Parent Common Stock), and (2) the Company Stock
Certificate so surrendered shall be canceled. Until surrendered as contemplated
by this Section 1.7(b), each Company Stock Certificate shall be deemed, from
and after the Effective Time, to represent only the right to receive shares of
Parent Common Stock (and cash in lieu of any fractional share of Parent Common
Stock) as contemplated by Section 1. If any Company Stock Certificate shall
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, Parent may, in its discretion and as a
condition to the issuance of any certificate representing Parent Common Stock,
require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Company Stock Certificate
to provide an appropriate affidavit and to deliver a bond (in such sum as
Parent may reasonably direct) as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against the Exchange Agent, Parent or the Surviving Corporation with respect to
such Company Stock Certificate.

   (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no
shares of Parent Common Stock (or certificates therefor) shall be issued in
exchange for any Company Stock Certificate to any Person who may be an
"affiliate" (as that term is used in Rule 145 under the Securities Act) of the
Company until such Person shall have delivered to Parent and the Company a duly
executed Affiliate Agreement as contemplated by Section 5.11.

                                      A-3

   (d) No dividends or other distributions declared or made with respect to
Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid
to the holder of any unsurrendered Company Stock Certificate with respect to
the shares of Parent Common Stock that such holder has the right to receive in
the Merger until such holder surrenders such Company Stock Certificate in
accordance with this Section 1.7 (at which time such holder shall be entitled,
subject to the effect of applicable escheat or similar laws, to receive all
such dividends and distributions, without interest).

   (e) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to holders
of Company Stock Certificates as of the date 180 days after the date on which
the Merger becomes effective shall be delivered to Parent upon demand, and any
holders of Company Stock Certificates who have not theretofore surrendered
their Company Stock Certificates in accordance with this Section 1.7 shall
thereafter look only to Parent for satisfaction of their claims for Parent
Common Stock, cash in lieu of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock and any
dividends or distributions with respect to Parent Common Stock.

   (f) Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall
be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable or otherwise
deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder or former holder of
Company Common Stock such amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld
therefrom under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law or
under any other applicable Legal Requirement. To the extent such amounts are so
deducted or withheld, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this
Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would
otherwise have been paid.

   (g) Neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to any
holder or former holder of Company Common Stock or to any other Person with
respect to any shares of Parent Common Stock (or dividends or distributions
with respect thereto), or for any cash amounts, delivered to any public
official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property law, escheat law or
similar Legal Requirement.

   1.8 Tax Consequences. For federal income tax purposes, the Merger is
intended to constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of
the Code. The parties to this Agreement hereby adopt this Agreement as a "plan
of reorganization" within the meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of
the United States Treasury Regulations.

   1.9 Accounting Consequences. For financial reporting purposes, the Merger is
intended to be accounted for as a "purchase."

   1.10 Further Action. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further
action is determined by Parent to be necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full
right, title and possession of and to all rights and property of Merger Sub and
the Company, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation and Parent
shall be fully authorized (in the name of Merger Sub, in the name of the
Company and otherwise) to take such action.

Section 2. Representations and Warranties of the Company

   The Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:

   2.1 Subsidiaries; Due Organization; Etc.

   (a) The Company has no Subsidiaries, except for the corporations identified
in Part 2.1(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule; and neither the Company
nor any of the Entities identified in Part 2.1(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule owns any capital stock of, or any equity interest of any nature in,
any other Entity, other than the Entities identified in Part 2.1(a)(ii) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule. (The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are
referred to collectively in this Agreement as the "Acquired Corporations.")
None of the Acquired Corporations has agreed or is obligated to make, or is
bound by any Contract under

                                      A-4

which it may become obligated to make, any future investment in or capital
contribution to any other Entity. None of the Acquired Corporations has, at any
time, been a general partner of, or has otherwise been liable for any of the
debts or obligations of, any general partnership, limited partnership or other
Entity.

   (b) Each of the Acquired Corporations is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
incorporation and has all necessary power and authority: (i) to conduct its
business in the manner in which its business is currently being conducted; (ii)
to own and use its assets in the manner in which its assets are currently owned
and used; and (iii) to perform its obligations under all Contracts by which it
is bound.

   (c) Each of the Acquired Corporations is qualified to do business and is in
good standing as a foreign corporation or other Entity, under the laws of all
jurisdictions where the nature of its business requires such qualification,
except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Acquired Corporations.

   2.2 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Company has delivered to
Parent accurate and complete copies of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws
and other charter and organizational documents of the respective Acquired
Corporations, including all amendments thereto.

   2.3 Capitalization, Etc.

   (a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: (i) 60,000,000
shares of Company Common Stock, of which 20,482,070 shares have been issued and
are outstanding as of the date of this Agreement; and (ii) 1,000,000 shares of
Company Preferred Stock, of which no shares are outstanding. Except as set
forth in Part 2.3(a)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company does
not hold any shares of its capital stock in its treasury. All of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock have been duly authorized and
validly issued, and are fully paid and nonassessable. As of the date of this
Agreement, there are no shares of Company Common Stock held by any of the other
Acquired Corporations. Except as set forth in Part 2.3(a)(i) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule: (i) none of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
is entitled or subject to any preemptive right, right of participation, right
of maintenance or any similar right under any provision of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws or any
agreement to which the Company is a party or is bound; (ii) none of the
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock is subject to any right of first
refusal in favor of the Company; and (iii) there is no Acquired Corporation
Contract relating to the voting or registration of, or restricting any Person
from purchasing, selling, pledging or otherwise disposing of (or granting any
option or similar right with respect to), any shares of Company Common Stock.
None of the Acquired Corporations is under any obligation, or is bound by any
Contract pursuant to which it may become obligated, to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any outstanding shares of Company Common Stock.

   (b) Part 2.3(b)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies each stock
option plan or similar plan with respect to which the Company or any
predecessor company, or any of the Company's Subsidiaries, has granted or may
in the future grant any stock options, and sets forth the number of shares of
Company Common Stock that, as of the date of this Agreement, are reserved for
future issuance upon the exercise of stock options granted and outstanding
under such plan. Stock options (including stock options granted pursuant to
stock option plans adopted by the Company, stock options granted pursuant to
stock option plans assumed by the Company in connection with any merger,
acquisition or similar transaction or otherwise issued or granted) pursuant to
which the Company is or may be required to issue shares of Company Common Stock
are referred to in this Agreement as "Company Options." As of the date of this
Agreement: (i) 120,000 shares of Company Common Stock are reserved for future
issuance pursuant to stock options granted and outstanding under the Company's
1999 Outside Director Stock Option Plan; (ii) 294,746 shares of Company Common
Stock are reserved for future issuance pursuant to stock options granted and
outstanding under the Company's 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan; and
(iii) 300,000 shares of Company Common Stock are reserved for future issuance
pursuant to the Company's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). As of the
date of this

                                      A-5

Agreement: (i) 80,000 Company Common Shares are subject to issuance pursuant to
the exercise of stock options granted and outstanding under the Company's 1999
Outside Director Stock Option Plan, of which 80,000 shares are currently
vested; (ii) 2,199,107 shares of Company Common Stock are subject to issuance
pursuant to the exercise of stock options granted and outstanding under the
Company's 1998 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, of which 599,058 shares are
currently vested; and (iii) no shares of Company Common Stock are subject to
issuance pursuant to the exercise of purchase rights granted under the ESPP.
Part 2.3(b)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the vesting
schedule applicable to all Company Options.

   (c) Part 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule identifies all options
and warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire Company Common Stock that are
outstanding as of the date of this Agreement and are held by Persons that are
not employees of any of the Acquired Corporations (collectively, the "Company
Warrants") and sets forth the following information with respect to each
Company Warrant: (i) the name of the holder of such Company Warrant; (ii) the
number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Warrant; (iii)
the exercise price of such Company Warrant; (iv) any conditions to the
exercisability of such Company Warrant; (v) the date on which such Company
Warrant expires; and (vi) the effect of the Merger on such Company Warrant. The
Company has delivered to Parent accurate and complete copies of the Company
Warrants and all Contracts relating thereto.

   (d) Except as set forth in Sections 2.3(a) and 2.3(b) above and in Parts
2.3(b) and 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule there is no: (i)
outstanding subscription, option, call, warrant or right (whether or not
currently exercisable) to acquire any shares of the capital