URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/743316/000109581101500299/0001095811-01-500299.txt

N GABRIEL DR
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087377600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 SAN GABRIEL DR
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94086

S-4/A

f69016a1s-4a.txt

AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-4

     AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON MARCH 6, 2001

                                                      REGISTRATION NO. 333-56126

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                           -------------------------

                                AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                       TO

                                    FORM S-4

                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
                           -------------------------

                        MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

DELAWARE                                                3674                                94-289096
(STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION                (PRIMARY STANDARD INDUSTRIAL                 (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)           CLASSIFICATION CODE NUMBER)               IDENTIFICATION NUMBER)

                             120 SAN GABRIEL DRIVE
                          SUNNYVALE, CALIFORNIA 94086
                                 (408) 737-7600
  (ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE, OF
                   REGISTRANT'S PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES)

                                JOHN F. GIFFORD
   CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                        MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.
                             120 SAN GABRIEL DRIVE
                          SUNNYVALE, CALIFORNIA 94086
                                 (408) 737-7600
 (NAME, ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE,
                             OF AGENT FOR SERVICE)

                                   COPIES TO:

                RICHARD CAPELOUTO, ESQ.                                  RONALD J. FRAPPIER, ESQ.
               SIMPSON THACHER & BARTLETT                                GREGORY J. SCHMITT, ESQ.
                  3330 HILLVIEW AVENUE                                  JENKENS & GILCHRIST, P.C.
              PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 94304                              1445 ROSS AVENUE, SUITE 3200
                     (650) 251-5000                                        DALLAS, TEXAS 75202
                                                                              (214) 855-4500

    Approximate date of commencement or proposed sale to the public: As soon as
practicable after the effective time of the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary
of the registrant with Dallas Semiconductor Corporation, which shall occur as
soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement and
the satisfaction of all conditions to the closing of such merger.
    If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box.  [ ]
    If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.  [ ] __________
    If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.  [ ] __________

                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           TITLE OF EACH CLASS                                     PROPOSED MAXIMUM      PROPOSED MAXIMUM
           OF SECURITIES TO BE                 AMOUNT TO BE       OFFERING PRICE PER    AGGREGATE OFFERING        AMOUNT OF
               REGISTERED                     REGISTERED(1)             SHARE                PRICE(2)        REGISTRATION FEE(3)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per
  share..................................       42,000,000               N/A              $2,129,807,934           $532,452
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)Based upon the estimated maximum number of shares of common stock, par value
   $0.001 per share, of the Registrant that may be issued pursuant to the
   merger.

(2)Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee required by
   Section 6(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and computed pursuant
   to Rule 457(f) and (c) under the Securities Act based on (i) $31.77, the
   average of the high and low per share sale prices of common stock, $0.02 par
   value per share, of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation on the New York Stock
   Exchange on March 5, 2001, (ii) the number of shares of Dallas Semiconductor
   Corporation common stock outstanding as of the close of business on February
   26, 2000, the most recent practicable date, and (iii) the estimated maximum
   number of options to acquire shares of common stock of Dallas Semiconductor
   Corporation that will be vested as of the merger of Dallas Semiconductor
   Corporation with a subsidiary of the Registrant.

(3)$517,882 of the Registration Fee was paid on or about February 20, 2001.

    THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR
DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL
FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION
STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNTIL THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT
SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION,
ACTING PURSUANT TO SAID SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                     DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION LOGO

                A MERGER PROPOSAL -- YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

                                 MARCH 6, 2001

To our Stockholders:

     We are pleased to invite you to attend a special meeting of stockholders of
Dallas Semiconductor Corporation, which we will hold at 8:30 a.m., local time,
on April 11, 2001, at our offices located at 4401 South Beltwood Parkway,
Dallas, Texas.

     At this important meeting, you will be asked to vote upon the merger of
Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. In the merger, each
share of your Dallas Semiconductor common stock will be exchanged for a fraction
of a share of Maxim common stock, with the fraction determined as follows:
     - if the average closing price of Maxim's common stock over the ten trading
       days ending the two trading days prior to the closing of the merger is
       equal to or greater than $61.00, then the fraction will be determined by
       dividing 40,000,000 by the number of fully-diluted shares of Dallas
       Semiconductor common stock outstanding under the treasury stock method;
     - if the average closing price of Maxim's common stock over the ten trading
       days ending the two trading days prior to the closing of the merger is
       equal to or less than $52.00, then the fraction will be determined by
       dividing 42,000,000 by the number of fully-diluted shares of Dallas
       Semiconductor common stock outstanding under the treasury stock method;
       and
     - if the average closing price of Maxim's common stock over the ten trading
       days ending the two trading days prior to the closing of the merger is
       greater than $52.00 but less than $61.00, then the fraction will be
       determined in the following manner: the numerator is derived by
       subtracting Maxim's average closing price during that period from $61.00,
       dividing the result by $9.00, multiplying that result by 2,000,000 and
       adding the total figure to 40,000,000; and the denominator is the number
       of fully-diluted shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock outstanding
       under the treasury stock method.
     Maxim shares are traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"MXIM." We urge you to obtain current market quotations for Maxim common stock
and our common stock prior to making any decision with respect to the merger. We
expect that the merger will be tax-free to you for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, except for cash received in place of fractional shares.
     YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND
THE MERGER WITH MAXIM AND UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL
AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER.

     YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. We cannot complete the merger unless the holders of
a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock vote to
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger. Whether or not you are
able to attend the meeting personally, please complete, sign and date the
enclosed proxy card and promptly return it in the accompanying envelope, which
requires no postage if mailed in the United States. You are, of course, welcome
to attend the meeting and vote in person, even if you have previously returned
your proxy card. If you fail to return your proxy card or fail to vote in person
at the meeting, it will have the same effect as a vote against the merger. Only
stockholders who hold their shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock as of
the close of business on February 26, 2001, will be entitled to vote at the
special meeting.

     THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS PROVIDES YOU WITH DETAILED
INFORMATION ABOUT THE MERGER. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ IT CAREFULLY,
PARTICULARLY THE SECTION DESCRIBING THE RISKS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER,
ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE MERGER" BEGINNING ON PAGE 18, AND THE
SECTION DESCRIBING THE RISKS RELATING TO MAXIM, ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS RELATING
TO MAXIM" BEGINNING ON PAGE 21.

     We look forward to your support in this important matter.

                                      Sincerely,

                                      Chao C. Mai,
                                      President and Chief Operating Officer
     NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES
COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE MAXIM SHARES TO BE ISSUED IN THE
MERGER OR DETERMINED IF THIS DOCUMENT IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

     This proxy statement/prospectus is dated March 6, 2001 and was first mailed
to stockholders on or about March 8, 2001.

                     Dallas Semiconductor Corporation Logo

                        DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                          4401 SOUTH BELTWOOD PARKWAY
                            DALLAS, TEXAS 75244-3292
                            ------------------------

                   NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

                          TO BE HELD ON APRIL 11, 2001

     A special meeting of stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation will
be held on April 11, 2001, at 8:30 a.m., local time, at our offices located at
4401 South Beltwood Parkway, Dallas, Texas.

     The special meeting will be conducted:

          1. To approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
     January 28, 2001, by and among Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., MI
     Acquisition Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Maxim, and Dallas
     Semiconductor Corporation, the merger of MI Acquisition Sub, Inc. with and
     into Dallas Semiconductor, pursuant to which Dallas Semiconductor will
     become a wholly owned subsidiary of Maxim, and the other transactions
     contemplated by the merger agreement; and

          2. To transact and conduct any other business properly brought before
     the meeting.

     A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the accompanying
proxy statement/prospectus. Approval and adoption of the merger agreement and
the merger requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the issued
and outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock. Holders of Dallas
Semiconductor common stock will not have dissenter's appraisal rights, or have
the right to demand payment for their shares under Delaware law, in connection
with the merger.

     Only those stockholders of record as of the close of business on February
26, 2001 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting or any
adjournments or postponements of the meeting.

     YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE "FOR" APPROVAL
AND ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER, AS DESCRIBED IN DETAIL IN
THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors,

                                          Marla K. Suggs,
                                          Secretary

March 6, 2001

Dallas, Texas

     WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE,
SIGN AND DATE THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND PROMPTLY RETURN IT IN THE ACCOMPANYING
ENVELOPE, WHICH REQUIRES NO POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES. YOU MAY
REVOKE YOUR PROXY AT ANY TIME BEFORE IT IS VOTED BY DELIVERY TO DALLAS
SEMICONDUCTOR OF A LATER-DATED PROXY OR A WRITTEN NOTICE OF REVOCATION OR BY
VOTING IN PERSON AT THE SPECIAL MEETING.

                      REFERENCE TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

     This proxy statement/prospectus "incorporates by reference" important
business and financial information about Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor that is
not included or delivered with this proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain
documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus without
charge by requesting them in writing or by telephone from Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor at the following addresses:

        Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.              Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
            120 San Gabriel Drive                       4401 South Beltwood Parkway
         Sunnyvale, California 94086                     Dallas, Texas 75244-3292
              Tel: 408-737-7600                              Tel: 972-371-4300
          Attn.: Investor Relations                      Attn.: Investor Relations

     IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST ANY DOCUMENTS, PLEASE DO SO BY APRIL 4, 2001
IN ORDER TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE SPECIAL MEETING.

     For a more detailed description of the information incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus and how you may obtain it, see
"Where You Can Find More Information" on page 73.

                               page 27. We encourage you to read
   that section carefully.

   You will receive cash payments in place of any fractional Maxim shares you
   would have otherwise received. Based on the number of Dallas Semiconductor
   and Maxim shares outstanding as of the record date, and assuming the average
   closing price of Maxim common stock is $56.24 during the ten-

   day trading period that is relevant to calculating the exchange ratio, the
   former stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor will own approximately 12.1% of
   Maxim after the merger.

Q: WILL I BE ABLE TO TRADE THE MAXIM COMMON STOCK THAT I RECEIVE IN THE MERGER?

A: Yes. The Maxim common stock you receive will be freely tradable, unless you
   are an affiliate of Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor. Maxim's common stock is
   listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "MXIM."

Q: WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO OUTSTANDING OPTIONS TO PURCHASE SHARES OF DALLAS
   SEMICONDUCTOR COMMON STOCK AS A RESULT OF THE MERGER?

A: Each outstanding option to purchase shares of Dallas Semiconductor common
   stock will be assumed by Maxim. The number of shares of Maxim common stock
   issuable upon the exercise of an assumed option will be equal to the number
   of shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock subject to the option
   multiplied by the exchange ratio and the exercise price per share will be
   equal to the existing option exercise price divided by the exchange ratio.

Q: WILL DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR STOCKHOLDERS RECOGNIZE A TAXABLE GAIN OR LOSS FOR
   UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES IN THE MERGER?

A: We expect that, if the merger is completed, you will not recognize gain or
   loss for United States federal income tax purposes, except with respect to
   the cash, if any, received instead of fractional shares of Maxim common
   stock. However, we strongly encourage you to consult your own tax advisor to
   determine your particular tax consequences.

Q: ARE THERE RISKS I SHOULD CONSIDER IN DECIDING WHETHER TO VOTE FOR THE MERGER
   AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER?

A: Yes. In evaluating the merger agreement and the merger, you should carefully
   read this proxy statement/prospectus and especially consider the factors
   discussed in the sections entitled "Risk Factors Relating to the Merger" on
   page 18 and "Risk Factors Relating to Maxim" on page 21.

Q: WHAT VOTE IS REQUIRED BY DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR STOCKHOLDERS TO ADOPT THE
   MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE MERGER?

A: The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding
   shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock on the record date is required to
   adopt the merger agreement and the merger.

Q: WHEN DO YOU EXPECT TO COMPLETE THE MERGER?

A: The merger will occur after approval of the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders
   is obtained at the special meeting and the other conditions to the merger,
   including regulatory approvals, are satisfied or waived. We are working to
   complete the merger as quickly as possible. We expect to complete the merger
   on or about April 11, 2001.

Q: ARE DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO APPRAISAL RIGHTS?

A: No. Under Delaware law, holders of Dallas Semiconductor stock do not have the
   right to an appraisal of the value of their shares of Dallas Semiconductor
   common stock in connection with the merger.

Q: HOW DO I VOTE?

A: You may vote by granting a proxy or, for shares held in street name, by
   submitting voting instructions to your broker or nominee. You may do this by
   signing your proxy card or, for shares held in street name, the voting
   instruction card included by your broker or nominee, and mailing it in the
   enclosed,

   postage prepaid and addressed envelope. You may also attend the special
   meeting and vote in person if you hold the shares directly in your name as
   the stockholder of record.

Q: CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE?

A: Yes. You may change your proxy instructions at any time prior to the vote at
   the special meeting. For shares held directly in your name, you may do this
   by delivering a later-dated proxy or by attending the special meeting and
   voting in person. A proxy may be revoked at any time before it is voted by
   giving written notice to Dallas Semiconductor's secretary prior to the vote
   at the special meeting or by execution of a later-dated proxy and giving that
   proxy to Dallas Semiconductor's secretary prior to the vote at the special
   meeting. For shares held beneficially by you, you may change your proxy
   instructions by submitting new instructions to your broker or nominee,
   provided that the change in instructions is received by your broker or
   nominee in sufficient time to permit your broker or nominee to execute a
   later-dated proxy and give it to Dallas Semiconductor's secretary prior to
   the vote at the special meeting.

Q: IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN "STREET NAME" BY MY BROKER, WILL MY BROKER VOTE MY
   SHARES FOR ME?

A: Your broker will vote your shares only if you provide instructions to your
   broker on how to vote. You should follow the directions provided by your
   broker regarding how to instruct your broker to vote your shares. If you
   don't give instructions to your broker, your shares will not be voted on the
   merger and will have the same effect as a vote against the merger. For a more
   complete description of voting shares held in "street name," see the section
   entitled "The Special Meeting" on page 25.

Q: WHAT DO I NEED TO DO NOW?

A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this
   proxy statement/prospectus, please complete, sign and date your proxy and
   return it in the enclosed envelope as soon as possible so that your shares
   may be represented at the special meeting.

Q: SHOULD I SEND IN MY DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW?

A: No. After we complete the merger, Maxim will send instructions explaining how
   to exchange your Dallas Semiconductor share certificates for Maxim share
   certificates and, if applicable, cash in place of any fractional shares. Do
   not send any Dallas Semiconductor share certificates until you receive these
   instructions.

Q: WHOM CAN I CALL WITH QUESTIONS?

A: If you have any questions about the merger or if you would like copies of any
   of the documents we refer to in this proxy statement/prospectus, you should
   call investor relations at Dallas Semiconductor at 972-372-4300 if the
   questions or documents relate to Dallas Semiconductor or call investor
   relations at Maxim at 408-331-4194 if the questions or documents relate to
   Maxim.

     YOU MAY ALSO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT MAXIM AND DALLAS
SEMICONDUCTOR FROM DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC AND BY FOLLOWING THE
INSTRUCTIONS IN THE SECTION ENTITLED "WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION" ON
PAGE 73.

                   SUMMARY OF THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

     We are sending this proxy statement/prospectus to Dallas Semiconductor
stockholders. This summary highlights selected information from this proxy
statement/prospectus and may not contain all the information that is important
to you. To better understand the merger, you should read this entire document
carefully, including the agreement and plan of merger attached as Annex A, the
stock option agreement attached as Annex B, the opinion of Robertson Stephens,
Inc. attached as Annex C, the form of affiliate pooling agreement attached as
Annex D and the other documents to which we refer. In addition, we incorporate
by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus important business and financial
information about Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor. You may obtain the information
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus without charge by
following the instructions in the section entitled "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 73. We have included page references parenthetically to
direct you to a more complete description of the topics presented in this
summary.

THE COMPANIES

MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.
120 San Gabriel Drive
Sunnyvale, California 94086
Tel: 408-737-7600

     Maxim is a worldwide leader in design, development and manufacture of
linear and mixed-signal integrated circuits, commonly referred to as analog
circuits. Maxim's circuits connect the real world and digital world by
detecting, measuring, amplifying, and converting real-world signals, such as
temperature, pressure or sound, into the digital signals necessary to computer
processing.

     Maxim is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.
In its fiscal year ended June 24, 2000, Maxim's sales were approximately $865
million.

DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION
4401 South Beltwood Parkway
Dallas, Texas 75244-3292
Tel: 972-371-4300

     Dallas Semiconductor manufactures specialty semiconductors focused in three
areas: communications, 1-Wire(R) and network computing, and mixed signal. More
particularly, Dallas Semiconductor combines proprietary fabrication and circuit
technologies to create innovative products, including the development of over
390 proprietary base products with over 2,000 variations over the course of its
history, that are sold to over 15,000 customers worldwide. Applications for
Dallas Semiconductor's products include battery management, broadband
telecommunications, wireless handsets, cellular base stations, secure Internet
communications, networking, servers, data storage and a wide variety of
industrial equipment.

     Dallas Semiconductor is a corporation organized under the laws of the State
of Delaware. In its fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, Dallas Semiconductor's
sales were approximately $517 million.

THE SPECIAL MEETING (SEE PAGE 25)

     The special meeting will be held on April 11, 2001, at 8:30 a.m., local
time, at the offices of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation, 4401 South Beltwood
Parkway, Dallas, Texas. Dallas Semiconductor stockholders will be asked:

     - to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger; and

     - to conduct any other business properly brought before the meeting.

RECORD DATE; VOTE REQUIRED (SEE PAGE 25)

     You can vote at the special meeting if you owned Dallas Semiconductor
common stock at the close of business on February 26, 2001. On that date, there
were 62,836,712 shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock outstanding and
entitled to vote. You can cast one vote for each share of Dallas Semiconductor
common stock you owned on that date. Approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger requires the favorable vote of the holders of a
majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common
stock on the record date.

     As of the record date, directors and executive officers of Dallas
Semiconductor and their affiliates, in the aggregate, held or had the right to
vote 2,066,061 shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock, representing
approximately 3.3% of the outstanding Dallas Semiconductor common stock.

MAXIM'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 33)

     Maxim believes that the merger will enable the combined company, with its
larger and more diversified portfolio of products and resources, to more
effectively compete and achieve a number of key strategic objectives. In
addition, Maxim believes that Dallas Semiconductor will benefit in both the long
and short term from Maxim's operating efficiencies, overseas manufacturing
capacity, its worldwide sales and applications organizations and marketing
capability, which should improve Dallas Semiconductor's financial performance
and operating margins.

DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 33)

     Dallas Semiconductor is proposing to merge with Maxim because it believes
that this combination will provide Dallas Semiconductor stockholders with the
opportunity to participate in a larger, more diversified company and that the
combination of the two companies will provide Dallas Semiconductor opportunities
for enhanced revenue growth resulting from combining diversified product
portfolios and accessing Maxim's sales channels to reach Maxim's broader
customer base. In addition, Dallas Semiconductor believes that the combined
company will benefit from Maxim's strong management, the complementary cultures
of the two companies and Maxim's commitment to growing the Dallas Semiconductor
business, all of which, when combined with the complementary nature of the two
companies' product lines, provided the best strategic fit for Dallas
Semiconductor. Dallas Semiconductor believes that these and other factors should
provide a greater opportunity for increased value for the stockholders of Dallas
Semiconductor than could be achieved on a stand-alone basis.

RECOMMENDATION OF THE DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR BOARD OF DIRECTORS (SEE PAGE 35)

     The Dallas Semiconductor board of directors has unanimously approved the
merger agreement and the merger and recommends that Dallas Semiconductor
stockholders vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
merger.

OPINION OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S FINANCIAL ADVISOR (SEE PAGE 35)

     Robertson Stephens, Inc., Dallas Semiconductor's financial advisor, has
given the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors a written opinion, dated
January 28, 2001, to the effect that as of the date of the opinion, the exchange
ratio in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to the Dallas
Semiconductor stockholders. The full text of the written opinion of Robertson
Stephens is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex C. We urge you
to read the opinion carefully in its entirety to understand the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken by Robertson Stephens in providing its opinion. The opinion of
Robertson Stephens is directed to the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors
and is not a recommendation to any stockholder with respect to any matter
relating to the merger.

THE MERGER (SEE PAGE 47)

     We propose that MI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
Maxim formed for the purpose of the merger, merge with and into Dallas
Semiconductor. As a result, Dallas Semiconductor will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Maxim.

     We have attached the merger agreement and the stock option agreement, which
are the legal documents that govern the merger, as Annex A and Annex B. We
encourage you to read these documents.

TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Exchange Ratio (see page 27)

     In the merger, each share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock will be
exchanged for a fraction of a share of Maxim common stock, as determined in
accordance with the merger agreement and as described in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger (see page 54)

     Maxim's and Dallas Semiconductor's obligations to complete the merger are
subject to satisfaction or waiver of closing conditions, including the
following:

     - approval by the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders;

     - the absence of any law, rule, regulation, injunction or order prohibiting
       the merger;

     - the accuracy in all material respects of the representations and
       warranties of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor and the fulfillment in all
       material respects of all of the agreements and covenants of Maxim and
       Dallas Semiconductor;

     - the qualification of the merger as a pooling of interests; and

     - the absence of a material adverse change with respect to Maxim or Dallas
       Semiconductor.

Non-Solicitation Covenant (see page 51)

     Dallas Semiconductor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to
initiate or engage in discussions with another party about a business
combination with the other party prior to the termination of the merger
agreement.

Termination (see page 55)

     The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger abandoned at any time
by either Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor, whether before or after the special
meeting, if:

     - Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor mutually agree to terminate the merger
       agreement;

     - the merger is not completed by June 30, 2001, other than as a result of
       the failure by the party proposing to terminate the merger agreement to
       perform its obligations;

     - a final and nonappealable order is entered enjoining or prohibiting the
       completion of the merger;

     - the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders fail to approve the merger
       agreement at the special meeting; or

     - the other party materially breaches its representations or agreements so
       that a closing condition would not be satisfied and the breach remains
       uncured 30 days following notice.

     In addition, Maxim may terminate the merger agreement if:

     - Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors withdraws or modifies in an
       adverse manner its recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger
       or approves or recommends another acquisition proposal;

     - Dallas Semiconductor breaches in any material respect the
       non-solicitation covenant;

     - Dallas Semiconductor fails to mail the proxy statement/prospectus or
       fails to include in the proxy statement/prospectus the approval and
       recommendation of its board of directors;

     - Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors fails to reaffirm publicly its
       approval and recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger after
       a written request from Maxim to do so following the announcement of
       another acquisition proposal; or

     - any third party acquires beneficial ownership of, or the right to
       acquire, 15% or more of the outstanding common stock of Dallas
       Semiconductor.

Termination Fee (see page 56)

     Dallas Semiconductor will pay Maxim a termination fee of $75 million if the
merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances.

Regulatory Matters (see page 45)

     The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. On
January 31, 2001, we filed the requisite Pre-Merger Notification and Report
Forms with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice.
The waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act was terminated on February
26, 2001.

Accounting Treatment (see page 41)

     The merger is intended to qualify for the pooling of interests method of
accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Nasdaq Listing (see page 48)

     Maxim will use its reasonable best efforts to list the Maxim shares to be
issued in the merger on the Nasdaq National Market.

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES (SEE PAGE 43)

     We have structured the merger so that Dallas Semiconductor stockholders who
exchange their shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock for shares of Maxim
common stock will not recognize gain or loss for United States federal income
tax purposes in connection with the merger, except for taxes payable because of
cash received by Dallas Semiconductor stockholders instead of fractional shares
of Maxim common stock.

     TAX MATTERS CAN BE COMPLICATED, AND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO
YOU WILL DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF YOUR OWN SITUATION. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN
TAX ADVISOR TO FULLY UNDERSTAND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO YOU.

INTERESTS OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE MERGER (SEE PAGE
41)

     When considering the recommendation of Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors, you should be aware that certain Dallas Semiconductor officers and
directors have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in
addition to, your interests as stockholders, including rights under stock-based
change of control and other arrangements. In addition, M.D. Sampels, currently a
director of Dallas

Semiconductor, will be elected to serve as a director on the Maxim board of
directors at the effective time of the merger and will be eligible for
compensation from Maxim for that service.

EFFECTS OF THE MERGER ON THE RIGHTS OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR STOCKHOLDERS (SEE
PAGE 47)

     The rights of Dallas Semiconductor stockholders who receive Maxim shares in
the merger will then be governed by Maxim's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, unless and until amended, and will continue to be governed by the
Delaware General Corporation Law.

NO DISSENTER'S APPRAISAL RIGHTS (SEE PAGE 45)

     Under Delaware law, stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor will not be
entitled to exercise dissenter's appraisal rights or to demand payment for their
shares in connection with the merger.

RESTRICTIONS ON THE ABILITY TO SELL MAXIM STOCK (SEE PAGE 45)

     All shares of Maxim common stock received by Dallas Semiconductor
stockholders in connection with the merger will be freely tradable, unless the
holder is considered an affiliate of either Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor under
the Securities Act of 1933. Shares of Maxim common stock held by affiliates may
only be sold pursuant to Rule 144 or 145 of the Securities Act or pursuant to a
registration statement or an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act, and are also subject to an affiliate pooling agreement,
described below.

COMPARATIVE MARKET PRICE INFORMATION (SEE PAGE 16)

     Maxim's common stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market. On January
26, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the public announcement of the
proposed merger, Maxim's common stock closed at $63.50 per share. On March 5,
2001, the last full trading day prior to the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, Maxim's common stock closed at $53.69 per share.

     Shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock are listed on the New York
Stock Exchange. On January 26, 2001, the last full trading day prior to the
public announcement of the proposed merger, Dallas Semiconductor's common stock
closed at $26.8125 per share. On March 5, 2001, the last full trading day prior
to the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Dallas Semiconductor's common
stock closed at $32.56 per share.

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (SEE PAGE 57)

     In connection with the merger, Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor entered into
a stock option agreement, dated as of January 28, 2001, under which Maxim has
the right, under certain circumstances, to purchase up to 14.9% of the issued
and outstanding shares of common stock of Dallas Semiconductor for $26.8125 per
share. Maxim may exercise the option at any time following the occurrence of an
event that entitles Maxim to receive the termination fee of $75 million under
the merger agreement. A copy of the stock option agreement is attached to this
proxy statement/prospectus as Annex B.

AFFILIATE POOLING AGREEMENT (SEE PAGE 59)

     In connection with the merger, each of Dallas Semiconductor's affiliates
has executed an affiliate pooling agreement. Under these agreements, Dallas
Semiconductor's affiliates have agreed not to make any sale or transfer of
either Dallas Semiconductor common stock or Maxim common stock that would cause
the merger not to be treated as a pooling of interests in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and the regulations of the SEC. A copy
of the form of affiliate pooling agreement is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex D.

          SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF MAXIM AND
              SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA
                       OF MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

     Set forth below is a summary of certain consolidated financial information
with respect to Maxim as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The
consolidated statement of operations and other data set forth below for the
years ended June 24, 2000, June 26, 1999, and June 27, 1998 and the consolidated
balance sheet data as of June 24, 2000 and June 26, 1999 have been derived from
Maxim's consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by Ernst &
Young LLP, independent auditors, and are incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations and other data
set forth below for the years ended June 30, 1997 and 1996 and the consolidated
balance sheet data as of June 27, 1998, and June 30, 1997 and 1996 have been
derived from Maxim's consolidated financial statements, which have been audited
by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, and are not incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected historical financial
data of Maxim as of and for the six months ended December 30, 2000 and December
25, 1999 has been derived from Maxim's unaudited financial statements, which are
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/ prospectus and include, in
the opinion of Maxim's management, all adjustments consisting of normal
recurring adjustments that Maxim considers necessary to present fairly the
results of operations and financial position of such interim periods. All share
and per share amounts have been restated to reflect all prior stock splits
through the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.

     The selected unaudited pro forma combined financial data give effect to the
proposed merger on a pooling of interests basis. The unaudited pro forma
combined financial data is based on the respective historical consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto, which are incorporated by reference
in this proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited pro forma combined balance
sheet assumes that the merger took place on December 30, 2000 and combines
Maxim's December 30, 2000 unaudited consolidated balance sheet with Dallas
Semiconductor's December 31, 2000 audited consolidated balance sheet. The
unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations assume that the merger
took place as of the beginning of the periods presented. Maxim's unaudited
consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended December 30, 2000
has been combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited consolidated statement
of operations for the six months ended December 31, 2000. Maxim's audited
consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2000 has
been combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited consolidated statement of
operations for the twelve months ended July 2, 2000. This combining methodology
includes the last two reported quarters of Dallas Semiconductor's fiscal year
ended January 2, 2000 and the first two reported quarters of its fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000. Maxim's consolidated statements of operations for the
fiscal years ended June 26, 1999 and June 27, 1998 have been combined with
Dallas Semiconductor's consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal
years ended January 2, 2000 and January 3, 1999, respectively. This presentation
has the effect of including Dallas Semiconductor's results of operations for the
six-month period ended January 2, 2000 in both the fiscal year ended January 2,
2000 and the unaudited twelve-month period ended July 2, 2000 included in the
unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations. The periods combined for
purposes of presenting the unaudited pro forma combined financial data are not
necessarily indicative of the periods expected to be combined after the date of
the closing of the merger.

     The unaudited pro forma combined financial data is presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the combined
financial position or results of operations of future periods or the results
that actually would have been realized had the entities been a single entity
during these periods. The unaudited pro forma combined financial data is derived
from the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements included elsewhere in
this proxy statement/prospectus and should be read in conjunction with those
statements and related notes. See "Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial
Statements."

      MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                         FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                        ---------------------------   -----------------------------------------------------------
                                        DECEMBER 30,   DECEMBER 25,    JUNE 24,     JUNE 26,    JUNE 27,    JUNE 30,    JUNE 30,
                                            2000           1999          2000         1999        1998        1997        1996
                                        ------------   ------------   ----------   ----------   ---------   ---------   ---------
                                        (UNAUDITED)    (UNAUDITED)

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
  DATA:
  Net sales...........................   $  590,199     $  381,774    $  864,924   $  606,965   $ 560,220   $ 433,710   $ 421,626
  Cost of goods sold..................   $  173,789     $  115,394    $  260,171   $  189,673   $ 183,724   $ 145,307   $ 146,253
  Gross margin %......................         70.6%          69.8%         69.9%        68.8%       67.2%       66.5%       65.3%
  Income from operations..............   $  270,546     $  173,258    $  385,392   $  276,768   $ 255,036   $ 198,945   $ 185,890
  Income from operations % of net
    sales.............................         45.8%          45.4%         44.6%        45.6%       45.5%       45.9%       44.1%
  Net income..........................   $  192,370     $  122,985    $  280,619   $  196,122   $ 178,144   $ 136,974   $ 123,345
  Earnings per share:
    Basic.............................   $     0.68     $     0.45    $     1.01   $     0.74   $    0.69   $    0.55   $    0.51
    Diluted...........................   $     0.60     $     0.39    $     0.88   $     0.64   $    0.59   $    0.47   $    0.43
  Shares used in per share
    calculation:
    Basic.............................      284,274        274,557       277,640      265,444     259,676     250,860     240,408
    Diluted...........................      321,298        314,799       317,832      304,118     301,322     291,508     283,708
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Working capital.....................   $  780,696     $  661,022    $  722,968   $  607,976   $ 377,723   $ 291,786   $ 176,182
  Total assets........................   $1,504,014     $1,150,448    $1,349,783   $1,022,314   $ 769,492   $ 556,386   $ 417,794
  Long-term liabilities...............   $   23,500     $   22,200    $   23,500   $   22,200   $   8,200   $   5,600   $   4,000
  Total stockholders' equity..........   $1,249,944     $  990,059    $1,117,832   $  879,216   $ 631,000   $ 465,565   $ 325,425
  Book value per common share.........   $     4.38     $     3.57    $     3.95   $     3.24   $    2.41   $    1.83   $    1.32
OTHER DATA:
  Net cash provided by (used in):
    Operating activities..............   $  392,766     $  201,566    $  483,813   $  306,247   $ 295,479   $ 187,080   $ 119,539
    Investment activities.............   $ (232,338)    $ (138,135)   $ (287,164)  $ (225,980)  $(211,397)  $(179,304)  $(106,491)
    Financing and other activities....   $ (153,783)    $  (69,396)   $ (177,718)  $  (62,880)  $ (85,905)  $ (49,497)  $  (7,731)
  Increase (decrease) in cash and cash
    equivalents.......................   $    6,645     $   (5,965)   $   18,931   $   17,387   $  (1,823)  $ (41,721)  $   5,317

 MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL
                                      DATA

                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                                                FISCAL YEARS ENDED
                                                             SIX MONTHS ENDED     -----------------------------------------------
                                                             DECEMBER 30, 2000    JUNE 24, 2000    JUNE 26, 1999    JUNE 27, 1998
                                                             -----------------    -------------    -------------    -------------

PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
  Net sales................................................     $  859,424         $1,311,235       $1,000,615        $903,039
  Cost of goods sold.......................................     $  302,827         $  474,804       $  379,981        $346,845
  Gross margin %...........................................           64.8%              63.8%            62.0%           61.6%
  Income from operations...................................     $  334,296         $  491,293       $  368,325        $330,684
  Income from operations % of net sales....................           38.9%              37.5%            36.8%           36.6%
  Net income...............................................     $  241,550         $  360,966       $  265,476        $234,000
  Earnings per share(1):
    Basic..................................................     $     0.75         $     1.15       $     0.88        $   0.79
    Diluted................................................     $     0.67         $     1.01       $     0.77        $   0.69
  Shares used in per share calculation(1):
    Basic..................................................        322,187            314,660          301,578         294,734
    Diluted................................................        361,408            357,403          342,797         338,840
  Dividends declared per share.............................     $    0.012         $    0.022       $    0.019        $  0.015
PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET DATA (END OF PERIOD):
  Working capital..........................................     $1,086,474
  Total assets.............................................     $2,241,059
  Long-term liabilities....................................     $   24,694
  Total stockholders' equity...............................     $1,835,005
  Book value per common share(2)...........................     $     5.67

- -------------------------

(1) The pro forma combined basic and diluted net income per share are computed
    by dividing pro forma combined net income by the pro forma combined weighted
    average number of common and common equivalent shares

    outstanding of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor for each period at an assumed
    exchange ratio of 0.6262 shares of Maxim common stock for each share of
    Dallas Semiconductor common stock. The actual exchange ratio will not be
    determined until the close of business on the date immediately prior to the
    effective time of the merger. See "The Merger -- What You Will Receive in
    the Merger."

(2) The pro forma combined book value per share is computed by dividing pro
    forma combined stockholders' equity by the pro forma number of shares of
    common stock outstanding at the end of the period at an assumed exchange
    ratio of 0.6262 shares of Maxim common stock for each share of Dallas
    Semiconductor common stock. The actual exchange ratio will not be determined
    until the close of business on the date immediately prior to the effective
    time of the merger. See "The Merger -- What You Will Receive in the Merger."

                SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
                            OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

     Set forth below is a summary of certain consolidated financial information
with respect to Dallas Semiconductor as of the dates and for the periods
indicated. The consolidated statement of operations and other data set forth
below for the year ended December 31, 2000 and the consolidated balance sheet
data as of December 31, 2000 have been derived from Dallas Semiconductor's
consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by KPMG LLP,
independent certified public accountants, and are incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations and
other data set forth below for the years ended January 2, 2000 and January 3,
1999 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of January 2, 2000 have been
derived from Dallas Semiconductor's consolidated financial statements, which
have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, and are
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus. The consolidated
statement of operations data and other data set forth below for the years ended
December 28, 1997 and December 29, 1996 and the consolidated balance sheet data
as of January 3, 1999, December 28, 1997 and December 29, 1996 have been derived
from Dallas Semiconductor's consolidated financial statements, which have been
audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, and are not incorporated in
this proxy statement/ prospectus. All share and per share amounts have been
restated to reflect all prior stock splits through the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

           DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                        FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                              ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              DECEMBER 31,    JANUARY 2,    JANUARY 3,    DECEMBER 28,    DECEMBER 29,
                                                  2000           2000          1999           1997            1996
                                              ------------    ----------    ----------    ------------    ------------

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
  Net sales.................................   $ 516,965      $ 390,207     $ 341,333      $ 368,212       $ 288,354
  Cost of goods sold........................   $ 247,400      $ 188,650     $ 162,418      $ 178,441       $ 157,056
  Gross margin %............................        52.1%          51.7%         52.4%          51.5%           45.5%
  Income from operations....................   $ 125,566      $  89,944     $  74,940      $  89,855       $  54,149
  Income from operations % of net sales.....        24.3%          23.1%         22.0%          24.4%           18.8%
  Net income................................   $  95,415      $  68,338     $  55,410      $  64,555       $  38,363
  Earnings per share:
    Basic...................................   $    1.58      $    1.18     $    0.99      $    1.19       $    0.72
    Diluted.................................   $    1.49      $    1.11     $    0.93      $    1.10       $    0.69
  Shares used in per share calculation:
    Basic...................................      60,241         57,704        55,986         54,412          52,916
    Diluted.................................      64,031         61,768        59,914         58,914          55,980
  Dividends declared per share..............   $    0.13      $    0.10     $    0.08      $    0.07       $    0.06
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Working capital...........................   $ 335,090      $ 283,494     $ 218,073      $ 184,155       $ 128,838
  Total assets..............................   $ 728,352      $ 568,292     $ 461,038      $ 417,142       $ 313,863
  Long-term liabilities.....................   $      --      $      --     $      --      $      --       $      --
  Total stockholders' equity................   $ 615,567      $ 500,742     $ 414,752      $ 351,057       $ 272,738
  Book value per common share...............   $   10.12      $    8.46     $    7.35      $    6.37       $    5.13
OTHER DATA:
  Net cash provided by (used in):
    Operating activities....................   $ 182,845      $ 140,349     $  87,814      $  97,238       $  63,603
    Investment activities...................   $(169,559)     $(122,353)    $ (92,680)     $(115,593)      $ (43,593)
    Financing and other activities..........   $  (1,209)     $  (5,129)    $   1,687      $   5,887       $  (1,493)
  Increase (decrease) in cash and cash
    equivalents.............................   $  12,077      $  12,867     $  (3,179)     $ (12,468)      $  18,517

                 COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

     The following table summarizes per share information for Maxim and Dallas
Semiconductor on a historical, pro forma combined and equivalent pro forma
combined basis. The following information should be read in conjunction with the
audited consolidated financial statements of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, the
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Maxim, the selected
historical consolidated financial data of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, the
selected pro forma combined financial data and the unaudited pro forma combined
financial statements included elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this
proxy statement/prospectus. The pro forma information is presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating
results or financial position that would have occurred if the merger had been
consummated as of the beginning of the periods presented, nor is it necessarily
indicative of the future operating results or financial position of the combined
companies.

                                     MAXIM

                                                      SIX MONTHS            FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                        ENDED        --------------------------------
                                                     DECEMBER 30,    JUNE 24,    JUNE 26,    JUNE 27,
                                                         2000          2000        1999        1998
                                                     ------------    --------    --------    --------

HISTORICAL PER COMMON SHARE DATA:
  Basic net income per share(1)....................     $0.68         $1.01       $0.74       $0.69
  Diluted net income per share(1)..................     $0.60         $0.88       $0.64       $0.59
  Book value per common share(2)...................     $4.38         $3.95       $3.24       $2.41

                              DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

                                               SIX MONTHS     TWELVE MONTHS       FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                 ENDED            ENDED        ------------------------
                                              DECEMBER 31,       JULY 2,       JANUARY 2,    JANUARY 3,
                                                  2000            2000            2000          1999
                                              ------------    -------------    ----------    ----------

HISTORICAL PER COMMON SHARE DATA:
  Basic net income per share(1)(4)..........    $ 0.81           $1.41           $1.18         $0.99
  Diluted net income per share(1)(4)........    $ 0.77           $1.32           $1.11         $0.93
  Book value per common share(2)............    $10.12           $9.29           $8.46         $7.35
  Dividends declared per share(3)(4)........    $ 0.065          $0.115          $0.100        $0.080

              PRO FORMA COMBINED AND EQUIVALENT PRO FORMA COMBINED

                                                     SIX MONTHS            FISCAL YEAR ENDED
                                                       ENDED        --------------------------------
                                                    DECEMBER 30,    JUNE 24,    JUNE 26,    JUNE 27,
                                                        2000          2000        1999        1998
                                                    ------------    --------    --------    --------

PRO FORMA COMBINED PER MAXIM COMMON SHARE DATA:
  Basic net income per share(5)(6)................    $0.75         $1.15        $0.88       $0.79
  Diluted net income per share(5)(6)..............    $0.67         $1.01        $0.77       $0.69
  Book value per common share(5)(7)...............    $5.67
  Dividends declared per share(5)(8)..............    $0.012        $0.022       $0.019      $0.015
EQUIVALENT PRO FORMA COMBINED PER DALLAS
  SEMICONDUCTOR COMMON SHARE DATA:
  Basic net income per share(5)(9)................    $0.47         $0.72        $0.55       $0.49
  Diluted net income per share(5)(9)..............    $0.42         $0.63        $0.48       $0.43
  Book value per common share(5)(9)...............    $3.55
  Dividends declared per share(5)(9)..............    $0.008        $0.014       $0.012      $0.009

- -------------------------
(1) The historical basic and diluted net income per share is computed by
    dividing net income for each respective period by the number of weighted
    average common and common equivalent shares outstanding during each
    respective period, restated to reflect all previous stock splits.

(2) The historical book value per share is computed by dividing total
    stockholders' equity at the end of each respective period by the number of
    common shares outstanding at the end of each respective period, restated to
    reflect all previous stock splits.

(3) The historical dividends declared per share is based upon historical
    dividends declared for each respective period, restated to reflect all
    previous stock splits.

(4) The historical basic and diluted net income per share and dividends declared
    per share for Dallas Semiconductor for the twelve months ended July 2, 2000
    includes the last two reported quarters of Dallas Semiconductor's fiscal
    year ended January 2, 2000 and the first two reported quarters of its fiscal
    year ended December 31, 2000. This presentation has the effect of including
    Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited results of operations and dividends
    declared per share for the six-month period ended January 2, 2000 in both
    the fiscal year ended January 2, 2000 and the twelve-month period ended July
    2, 2000.

(5) The unaudited pro forma combined and equivalent pro forma combined basic and
    diluted net income per Maxim common share data are based upon the unaudited
    pro forma combined net income divided by the unaudited pro forma combined
    weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding
    of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor for each respective period, at an assumed
    exchange ratio of 0.6262 shares of Maxim common stock for each share of
    Dallas Semiconductor common stock. The actual exchange ratio will not be
    determined until the close of business on the date immediately prior to the
    effective time of the merger. See "The Merger -- What You Will Receive in
    the Merger." The unaudited pro forma combined net income for the six months
    ended December 30, 2000 combines Maxim's net income for the six months ended
    December 30, 2000 with Dallas Semiconductor's net income for the six months
    ended December 31, 2000. Net income for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2000
    combines Maxim's net income for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2000 with
    Dallas Semiconductor's net income for the twelve months ended July 2, 2000.
    This combining methodology includes the last two reported quarters of Dallas
    Semiconductor's fiscal year ended January 2, 2000 and the first two reported
    quarters of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2000. Net income for the
    fiscal years ended June 26, 1999 and June 27, 1998 combines Maxim's net
    income for the fiscal years ended June 26, 1999 and June 27, 1998 with
    Dallas Semiconductor's net income for the fiscal years ended January 2, 2000
    and January 3, 1999, respectively. This presentation has the effect of
    including Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited results of operations for the
    six-month period ended January 2, 2000 in both the fiscal year ended January
    2, 2000 and the twelve-month period ended July 2, 2000 included in the
    unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations. The unaudited pro
    forma combined and equivalent pro forma combined book value per Maxim share
    data reflect Maxim's per share data as of December 30, 2000 and Dallas
    Semiconductor's per share data as of December 31, 2000. The unaudited pro
    forma combined and equivalent pro forma combined dividends declared per
    Maxim share data reflect Dallas Semiconductor's historical dividends
    declared per share data as described in (3) and (4) above.

(6) The unaudited pro forma combined basic and diluted net income per Maxim
    share is computed by dividing the unaudited pro forma combined net income
    for each respective period by the unaudited pro forma combined weighted
    average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding for each
    respective period.

(7) The unaudited pro forma combined book value per Maxim share is computed by
    dividing the unaudited pro forma combined stockholders' equity at the end of
    each respective period by the number of combined common shares outstanding
    at the end of the period, at an assumed exchange ratio of 0.6262 shares of
    Maxim common stock for each share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock. The
    actual exchange ratio will not be determined until the close of business on
    the date

    immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. See "The
    Merger -- What You Will Receive in the Merger."

(8) The unaudited pro forma combined dividends declared per Maxim share amounts
    are computed by dividing the historical dividends declared by Dallas
    Semiconductor by the unaudited pro forma combined weighted average basic
    shares outstanding for each respective period.

(9) The unaudited equivalent pro forma combined basic and diluted net income per
    Dallas Semiconductor share amounts, the unaudited equivalent pro forma book
    value per Dallas Semiconductor share amount, and the unaudited equivalent
    dividends declared per Dallas Semiconductor share amounts are calculated by
    multiplying the respective unaudited pro forma combined Maxim per share
    amounts by an assumed exchange ratio of 0.6262 shares of Maxim common stock
    for each share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock. The actual exchange
    ratio will not be determined until the close of business on the date
    immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. See "The
    Merger -- What You Will Receive in the Merger."

          COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

     Maxim common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol
"MXIM." The following table shows the high and low closing prices for a share of
Maxim common stock on the Nasdaq National Market, based on published financial
sources. The closing prices in the following table have been adjusted to reflect
all previous stock splits through the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.
Maxim has never paid a cash dividend since its inception and does not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

                                                               HIGH      LOW
                                                              ------    ------

Year Ended June 30, 1997
  First Quarter.............................................  $ 9.72    $ 5.16
  Second Quarter............................................  $12.06    $ 7.56
  Third Quarter.............................................  $14.16    $10.53
  Fourth Quarter............................................  $14.81    $11.38
Year Ended June 27, 1998
  First Quarter.............................................  $18.75    $13.97
  Second Quarter............................................  $19.10    $14.25
  Third Quarter.............................................  $21.00    $14.25
  Fourth Quarter............................................  $20.31    $13.81
Year Ended June 26, 1999
  First Quarter.............................................  $18.03    $13.60
  Second Quarter............................................  $22.47    $11.28
  Third Quarter.............................................  $27.50    $20.44
  Fourth Quarter............................................  $32.41    $24.60
Year Ended June 24, 2000
  First Quarter.............................................  $36.91    $30.13
  Second Quarter............................................  $47.94    $31.55
  Third Quarter.............................................  $73.69    $45.50
  Fourth Quarter............................................  $75.69    $50.31
Year Ended June 30, 2001
  First Quarter.............................................  $87.69    $62.19
  Second Quarter............................................  $85.06    $47.75
  Third Quarter through March 5, 2001(1)....................  $69.06    $46.13

- -------------------------

(1) March 5, 2001 was the last trading day prior to the date of this proxy
    statement/prospectus.

     Dallas Semiconductor common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol "DS." The following table shows the high and low closing prices
for a share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock on the New York Stock Exchange
and the cash dividend declared per share, based on published financial sources.
The closing prices and cash dividends declared per share in the following table
have been adjusted to reflect all previous stock splits through the date of this
proxy statement/prospectus.

                                                                           CASH DIVIDEND
                                                        HIGH      LOW        PER SHARE
                                                       ------    ------    -------------

Year Ended December 28, 1997
  First Quarter......................................  $13.50    $11.38       $0.0175
  Second Quarter.....................................  $20.50    $12.82       $0.0175
  Third Quarter......................................  $21.25    $16.41       $0.0175
  Fourth Quarter.....................................  $27.50    $17.75       $0.0175
Year Ended January 3, 1999
  First Quarter......................................  $25.00    $16.60       $0.0200
  Second Quarter.....................................  $19.35    $14.35       $0.0200
  Third Quarter......................................  $17.69    $13.07       $0.0200
  Fourth Quarter.....................................  $20.38    $11.63       $0.0200
Year Ended January 2, 2000
  First Quarter......................................  $21.00    $16.75       $0.0250
  Second Quarter.....................................  $25.50    $20.07       $0.0250
  Third Quarter......................................  $27.72    $23.81       $0.0250
  Fourth Quarter.....................................  $32.22    $25.32       $0.0250
Year Ended December 31, 2000
  First Quarter......................................  $45.06    $28.92       $0.0325
  Second Quarter.....................................  $46.50    $33.88       $0.0325
  Third Quarter......................................  $47.00    $31.38       $0.0325
  Fourth Quarter.....................................  $39.63    $21.88       $0.0325
Year Ended December 30, 2001
  First Quarter through March 5, 2001(1).............  $37.90    $24.19       $0.0325

- -------------------------

(1)March 5, 2001 was the last trading day prior to the date of this proxy
   statement/prospectus.

The following table sets forth the closing price per share of Maxim common stock
on the Nasdaq National Market and of Dallas Semiconductor common stock on the
New York Stock Exchange on January 26, 2001, the last full trading day prior to
the announcement of the merger agreement; on March 5, 2001, the last full
trading day before the date of this proxy statement/prospectus; and the
equivalent per share prices for Dallas Semiconductor common stock based on the
Maxim common stock prices multiplied by an assumed exchange ratio of 0.6262.

                                                                           ESTIMATED EQUIVALENT
                                      MAXIM        DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR    DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                   COMMON STOCK        COMMON STOCK          PER SHARE PRICE
                                   ------------    --------------------    --------------------

January 26, 2001.................     $63.50              $26.81                  $39.76
March 5, 2001....................     $53.69              $32.56                  $33.62

     The actual equivalent per share price of a share of Dallas Semiconductor
common stock that Dallas Semiconductor stockholders will receive if the merger
is completed may increase or decrease from that noted in the table above due to
continuous fluctuations in the per share price of Maxim common stock on the
Nasdaq National Market and changes in the number of fully-diluted shares of
Dallas Semiconductor common stock outstanding under the treasury stock method.
WE URGE DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR STOCKHOLDERS TO OBTAIN CURRENT MARKET QUOTATIONS
FOR MAXIM COMMON STOCK AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR COMMON STOCK PRIOR TO MAKING ANY
DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE MERGER. WE CANNOT GIVE ANY ASSURANCE AS TO THE
FUTURE PRICES OR MARKETS FOR MAXIM COMMON STOCK. Following the merger, Maxim
common stock will continue to be traded on the Nasdaq National Market, and there
will be no further market for Dallas Semiconductor common stock.

                      RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE MERGER

     By voting in favor of the merger agreement and the merger, you will be
choosing to invest in Maxim common stock. You should carefully consider the
following important factors, in addition to those discussed in the documents
that Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor have filed with the SEC, which are
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus, to determine
whether to vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger.

THE EXCHANGE RATIO WILL FLUCTUATE SO WE CANNOT PREDICT WITH COMPLETE ACCURACY
HOW MANY SHARES OF MAXIM COMMON STOCK YOU WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER.

     In the merger, each share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock will be
converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Maxim common stock
equal to the exchange ratio. The exchange ratio, or the number of shares of
Maxim common stock into which each share of Dallas Semiconductor stock will be
converted, will fluctuate depending on the average closing price of Maxim common
stock on the Nasdaq National Market for the ten consecutive trading days ending
on the trading day that is two trading days prior to the effective time of the
merger. The exchange ratio will also fluctuate depending on the number of
fully-diluted shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock outstanding as of the
close of business on the trading day immediately preceding the effective time of
the merger, which will be calculated using the treasury stock method. As a
result, until the close of business on the date immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger, the exchange ratio could fluctuate significantly,
which could affect the number of shares of Maxim common stock that you receive
in the merger.

THE VALUE OF EACH SHARE OF MAXIM COMMON STOCK YOU WILL RECEIVE COULD FLUCTUATE.

     The market price of Maxim shares has been, and may continue to be,
volatile. In addition to conditions that affect the market for stocks of
technology companies generally, factors such as those discussed under "Risk
Factors Relating to Maxim" as well as challenges associated with the integration
of Dallas Semiconductor's business may have a significant impact on the market
price of Maxim shares. These conditions could cause the price of Maxim shares to
fluctuate substantially over short periods. Moreover, the volatility of the
market price of Maxim's common stock directly affects the exchange ratio
calculation, as described in this proxy statement/prospectus. We discuss and
refer to other factors affecting the market price of Maxim shares under "Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" on page 73. For historical and
current market prices of Maxim shares, see "Summary of the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus -- Comparative Per Share Market Price and Dividend
Information" on page 16.

DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS HAVE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST THAT MAY
INFLUENCE THEM TO SUPPORT OR RECOMMEND THE MERGER.

     The officers and directors of Dallas Semiconductor participate in
arrangements that provide them with interests in the merger that are different
from, or are in addition to, yours. These interests include the following:

     - Maxim has agreed to cause the surviving corporation in the merger to
       indemnify each present and former Dallas Semiconductor officer and
       director against liabilities arising out of that person's services as an
       officer or director. Maxim will also cause the surviving corporation to
       maintain officers' and directors' liability insurance to cover any such
       liability for six years. Maxim guarantees these obligations.

     - Certain unvested options of officers and directors of Dallas
       Semiconductor will vest at the effective time of the merger, pursuant to
       previously existing arrangements.

     - Each non-employee director of Dallas Semiconductor will receive other
       benefits related to the change of control of Dallas Semiconductor equal
       to ten times his existing annual directors' fees, or $500,000 in the
       aggregate for each director, pursuant to arrangements that were put in
       place in 1993.

     - Certain officers and employee directors of Dallas Semiconductor will
       receive payments under their change of control agreements.

     - The right of Dallas Semiconductor officers who participate in the Dallas
       Semiconductor Executive Deferred Compensation Plan to receive a
       distribution of the shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock held in
       the plan trust will accelerate at the effective time of the merger,
       pursuant to the terms previously established for the plan.

     - M.D. Sampels, currently a director of Dallas Semiconductor, will be
       elected to serve as a director on the Maxim board of directors at the
       effective time of the merger and will be eligible for compensation from
       Maxim for that service.

     As a result of these interests, these officers and directors could be more
likely to support or recommend to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders the approval
of the merger agreement and the merger than if they did not have these
interests. Dallas Semiconductor stockholders should consider whether these
interests may have influenced these officers and directors to support or
recommend the approval of the merger agreement and the merger. For a more
complete description of these interests, see "The Merger -- Interests of Dallas
Semiconductor Officers and Directors in the Merger" beginning on page 41.

MAXIM MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY INTEGRATING DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S OPERATIONS AND
ATTRACTING AND RETAINING EMPLOYEES OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR.

     There can be no guarantee that Maxim's management will be able to
successfully integrate Dallas Semiconductor's employees and operations following
the merger, and there is the risk that Maxim will be unable to retain all of
Dallas Semiconductor's key employees for a number of reasons, including the risk
that the cultures of the companies will not blend. Similarly, prospective
employees of Dallas Semiconductor may experience uncertainty about their future
role with Dallas Semiconductor or Maxim. This may adversely affect the ability
of Maxim to attract and retain key management, engineering, sales, marketing and
technical personnel. In addition, Maxim's limited experience in business
acquisitions may limit Maxim's ability to plan for, and manage, the integration
of the two companies. There also can be no assurance that any contemplated
operating benefits from the merger will be realized.

THE INTEGRATION OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR WILL REQUIRE SUBSTANTIAL TIME AND EFFORT
OF KEY MANAGERS OF MAXIM, WHICH COULD DIVERT THE ATTENTION OF THOSE MANAGERS
FROM OTHER MATTERS.

     Maxim's performance is substantially dependent on the continued services
and on the performance of its senior management, who have many years of
experience and specialized expertise in its business. The merger will place
significant demands on Maxim's senior management, as they attempt to introduce
Maxim's operating and management processes and methods at Dallas Semiconductor,
and reduce the amount of time and resources they may otherwise be able to
allocate to Maxim's business.

THE MERGER MAY CAUSE DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CUSTOMERS TO DELAY OR DEFER PURCHASING
DECISIONS.

     Uncertainty regarding the merger may cause customers of Dallas
Semiconductor to delay or defer purchasing decisions. Any delay or deferral in
purchasing decisions by Dallas Semiconductor's customers could have a material
adverse effect on Dallas Semiconductor's business, regardless of whether or not
the merger is ultimately completed. There also can be no assurance that
customers of each of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim will continue their current
buying patterns without regard to the proposed merger.

THE PRICE OF MAXIM COMMON STOCK MAY BE AFFECTED BY FACTORS DIFFERENT FROM THOSE
AFFECTING THE PRICE OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR COMMON STOCK.

     Upon completion of the merger, holders of Dallas Semiconductor common stock
will become holders of Maxim common stock. Maxim's business differs from that of
Dallas Semiconductor, and Maxim's results of operations, as well as the price of
Maxim common stock, may be affected by factors different

from those affecting Dallas Semiconductor's results of operations and the price
of Dallas Semiconductor common stock. For a discussion of Maxim's and Dallas
Semiconductor's businesses and factors to consider in connection with their
businesses, see Dallas Semiconductor's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2000 and Maxim's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended June 24, 2000, which are incorporated by reference in this
proxy statement/prospectus.

FAILURE TO COMPLETE THE MERGER COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S
OPERATIONS.

     If the merger is not completed, Dallas Semiconductor may be subject to a
number of material risks, including the following:

     - if the merger agreement is terminated under specific circumstances,
       Dallas Semiconductor will be required to pay Maxim a termination fee of
       $75 million;

     - if the merger agreement is terminated under specific circumstances, the
       stock option granted to Maxim by Dallas Semiconductor will become
       exercisable;

     - the price of Dallas Semiconductor common stock may decline to the extent
       that the current market price of Dallas Semiconductor common stock
       reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed;

     - costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and fairness
       opinion fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed; and

     - Maxim could require Dallas Semiconductor to repurchase the stock option
       or shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock it acquired under the
       stock option, resulting in additional costs to Dallas Semiconductor,
       subject to the limitation that the total economic benefit to Maxim
       resulting from specified terminations of the merger agreement not exceed
       $75 million.

     Further, if the merger agreement is terminated and Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors determines to seek another merger or business combination, it
is not certain that it will be able to find another party willing to pay an
equivalent or more attractive price than that which would have been paid in the
merger. In addition, if the merger agreement is terminated and Maxim exercises
its option to purchase Dallas Semiconductor common stock, Dallas Semiconductor
would not be able to account for future transactions as a pooling of interests
business combination, which could adversely affect Dallas Semiconductor's
ability to enter into another merger or business combination.

                         RISK FACTORS RELATING TO MAXIM

MAXIM'S FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS ARE SUBJECT TO UNCERTAINTIES.

     The semiconductor market has historically been cyclical and subject to
significant economic downturns at various times. After a period of increasing
demand that extended through fiscal 2000, more recently the semiconductor
industry, including the portions in which Maxim participates, has been
experiencing decreased demand. It is unclear whether this decrease, as it
relates to Maxim, is attributable principally to certain customers' having
over-ordered in prior periods so that they now have more inventory on hand than
they have a current need for or whether the decline has more fundamental and
potentially longer-lasting bases. Maxim's ability to achieve future revenue
growth depends on whether, and the extent to which, demand for its products
increases and reflects real end-user demand, and whether customer cancellations
and delays of outstanding orders increase.

THE COMPLEXITY OF MAXIM'S BUSINESS AND THE UNPREDICTABILITY OF THE MARKETS IT
SERVES MAY IMPACT ITS QUARTERLY RESULTS.

     Maxim's ability to realize its quarterly revenue goals and projections is
affected to a significant extent by its ability to match inventory and current
production mix with the product mix required to fulfill orders on hand and
orders received within a quarter for delivery in that quarter. This issue, which
has been one of the distinguishing characteristics of the analog integrated
circuit industry, results from the very large number of individual parts offered
for sale and the very large number of customers combined with limitations on
Maxim's and its customers' ability to forecast orders accurately and relatively
lengthy manufacturing cycles. Because of this extreme complexity in Maxim's
business, no assurance can be given that Maxim will achieve a match of inventory
on hand, production units and shippable orders sufficient to realize quarterly
revenue goals.

     In addition, in certain markets where end-user demand may be particularly
volatile and difficult to predict, such as notebook computers and telephones,
some Maxim customers place orders that require Maxim to manufacture product and
have it available for shipment, even though the customer is unwilling to make a
binding commitment to purchase all, or even any, of the product. At any given
time this situation could affect a portion of Maxim's 90-day backlog. As a
result, in any quarterly fiscal period, Maxim is subject to the risk of
cancellation of orders leading to a sharp fall-off of sales and backlog.
Further, those orders may be for products that meet the customer's unique
requirements so that those cancelled orders would, in addition, result in an
inventory of unsaleable products, and consequent inventory write-offs. Because
of lengthy manufacturing cycles for certain of the products subject to these
uncertainties, the amount of unsaleable product could be substantial. Maxim
routinely estimates inventory reserves required for such product. Actual results
may differ from these reserve estimates, and such differences may be material to
Maxim's financial condition, gross margins and results of operations.

IF MAXIM IS UNABLE TO INTRODUCE NEW PRODUCTS, DEVELOP NEW PROCESS TECHNOLOGIES
AND PENETRATE NEW MARKETS, ITS FUTURE SUCCESS MAY BE THREATENED.

     Maxim's future success will continue to depend on its continued ability to
introduce new products and to develop new process technologies. Semiconductor
design and process technology are subject to rapid technological change,
requiring a high level of expenditures for research and development. Design and
process development for the analog portion of the market in which Maxim
participates are particularly challenging. The success of new product
introductions is dependent on several factors, including proper new product
selection, timely product introduction, achievement of acceptable production
yields and market acceptance. From time to time, Maxim has not fully achieved
its new product introduction and process development goals. There can be no
assurance that Maxim will successfully develop or implement new process
technologies or that new products will be introduced on a timely basis or
receive substantial market acceptance.

     In addition, Maxim's growth is dependent on its continued ability to
penetrate new markets where Maxim has limited experience and competition is
intense. There can be no assurance that the markets being served by Maxim will
continue to grow, that Maxim's existing and new products will meet the
requirements of such markets, that Maxim's products will achieve customer
acceptance in such markets, that competitors will not force prices to an
unacceptably low level or take market share from Maxim or that Maxim can achieve
or maintain profitability in these markets.

MAXIM'S MANUFACTURING FACILITIES AND PROCESSES ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS THAT MAY
IMPACT ITS RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

     The fabrication of integrated circuits is a highly complex and precise
process. Minute impurities, contaminants in the manufacturing environment,
difficulties in the fabrication process, defects in the masks used in the wafer
manufacturing process, manufacturing equipment failures, wafer breakage, or
other factors can cause a substantial percentage of wafers to be rejected or
numerous die on each wafer to be nonfunctional. Maxim has from time to time
experienced lower-than-expected production yields, which have delayed product
shipments and adversely affected gross margins. There can be no assurance that
Maxim will not experience a decrease in manufacturing yields or that Maxim will
be able to maintain acceptable manufacturing yields in the future.

     The number of shippable die per wafer for a given product is critical to
Maxim's results of operations. To the extent Maxim does not achieve acceptable
manufacturing yields or experiences delays in its wafer fabrication, assembly or
final test operations, its results of operations could be adversely affected.
During periods of decreased demand, fixed wafer fabrication costs could have an
adverse effect on Maxim's financial condition, gross margins and results of
operations.

     Maxim is currently in the process of expanding its wafer manufacturing
capacity at its existing wafer manufacturing facilities in order to meet
increased customer demand for its products. Should Maxim be unsuccessful in
completing this expansion on time or should customer demand decrease and Maxim
no longer need the additional capacity, Maxim's financial position and results
of operation could be adversely impacted.

     Maxim manufactures over 95% of its wafer production requirements
internally. Given the nature of Maxim's products, it would be difficult to
arrange for independent manufacturing facilities to supply these products. Any
prolonged inability to utilize one of Maxim's manufacturing facilities as a
result of fire, natural disaster, unavailability of electric power or otherwise,
would have a material adverse effect on Maxim's results of operations.

COMPETITION COULD REDUCE MAXIM'S MARKET SHARE AND DECREASE ITS PROFIT MARGINS.

     Maxim experiences intense competition from a number of companies, some of
which have significantly greater financial, manufacturing, technical and
marketing resources than Maxim and intellectual property rights to which Maxim
is not privy. To the extent that Maxim's proprietary products become more
successful, competitors will offer second source products for some of those
products, possibly causing some erosion of profit margins. Although foreign
manufacturers have not played a major role in the markets from which Maxim
currently derives the bulk of its revenue, some possess the necessary technical
and financial capabilities to participate in these markets, and there can be no
assurance that significant foreign competition will not develop in the future.

MAXIM'S DEPENDENCE ON INDEPENDENT DISTRIBUTORS AND SALES REPRESENTATIVES MAY
IMPACT ITS BUSINESS.

     A significant portion of Maxim's sales is realized through independent
electronics distributors and independent sales representatives that are not
under the control of Maxim. A larger percentage of the sales of Dallas
Semiconductor are through such channels. These independent sales organizations
generally represent product lines offered by several companies and thus could
reduce their sales efforts applied to Maxim's products or terminate their
representation of Maxim. Payment terms for foreign distributors are
substantially longer, either according to contract or by practice, than for U.S.
customers. The inability to

collect open accounts could adversely affect Maxim's results of operations. In
fiscal 1999, Maxim initiated its own distribution activities in the U.S. It is
uncertain how Maxim's independent distributors will react to this change.
Termination of a significant distributor, whether at Maxim's or the
distributor's initiative, could be disruptive to Maxim's current business. If
Maxim were unable to find suitable replacements, terminations by significant
distributors or representatives could have a material adverse impact on Maxim.

MAXIM'S DEPENDENCE ON INDEPENDENT FOUNDRIES AND SUBCONTRACTORS AND ON ITS
PHILIPPINES TEST FACILITY MAY IMPACT MAXIM'S BUSINESS AND RELATIONSHIPS WITH ITS
CUSTOMERS.

     Although Maxim has an internal capability to fabricate most of its wafers,
Maxim remains dependent on outside silicon foundries for a small but important
portion of its wafer fabrication. None of the foundries currently used by Maxim
is affiliated with Maxim. As is typical in the semiconductor industry, from time
to time Maxim has experienced disruptions in the supply of processed wafers from
these foundries due to quality problems, failure to achieve satisfactory
electrical yields and capacity limitations. Procurement from foundries is done
by purchase order and long-term contracts. If these foundries are unable or
unwilling to produce adequate supplies of processed wafers conforming to Maxim's
quality standards, Maxim's business and relationships with its customers for the
limited quantities of products produced by these foundries would be adversely
affected. Finding alternate sources of supply or initiating internal wafer
processing for these products would not be economically feasible.

     Maxim relies on subcontractors located in the Philippines, Malaysia,
Thailand and South Korea to separate wafers into individual integrated circuits
and package them. Maxim performs final testing for almost all of its products at
a facility owned by Maxim in the Philippines. In the past, South Korea and the
Philippines have experienced political disorders, labor disruptions and natural
disasters. Although Maxim has been affected by these problems, none has
materially affected Maxim's revenues or costs to date. However, similar problems
in the future, or more aggravated consequences of current problems, could affect
deliveries to Maxim of assembled, tested product, possibly resulting in
substantial delayed or lost sales and/or increased expense.

THE AVAILABILITY OF MATERIALS, SUPPLIES AND SUBCONTRACT SERVICES MAY IMPACT
MAXIM'S ABILITY TO ACHIEVE ITS MANUFACTURING AND REVENUE PLANS.

     Over the past few years, the semiconductor industry has experienced a very
large expansion of fabrication capacity and production worldwide. As a result of
increasing demands from semiconductor manufacturers, availability of certain
basic materials and supplies, such as polysilicon, silicon wafers, lead frames
and molding compounds, and of subcontract services, such as epitaxial growth and
ion implantation, and assembly of integrated circuits into packages, have, from
time to time, been in short supply, and may be expected to come into short
supply again if overall industry demand increases. Maxim devotes continuous
efforts to maintain availability of all required materials, supplies and
subcontract services. However, Maxim does not have long-term agreements
providing for all of these materials, supplies and services, and shortages could
occur as a result of capacity limitations or production constraints on suppliers
that could have materially adverse effects on Maxim's ability to achieve its
planned production.

     In addition, suppliers of semiconductor manufacturing equipment are
sometimes unable to deliver test and/or fabrication equipment to a schedule that
meets Maxim's requirements. Delays in delivery of equipment needed for planned
growth could adversely affect Maxim's ability to achieve its manufacturing and
revenue plans in the future.

MAXIM'S ABILITY TO PROTECT ITS PROPRIETARY INFORMATION MAY IMPACT ITS BUSINESS
AND REVENUES.

     Maxim relies primarily upon know-how, rather than on patents, to develop
and maintain its competitive position. There can be no assurance that others
will not develop or patent similar technology or reverse engineer Maxim's
products or that the confidentiality agreements upon which Maxim relies will be
adequate to protect its interests. Other companies have obtained patents
covering a variety of

semiconductor designs and processes, and Maxim might be required to obtain
licenses under some of these patents or be precluded from making and selling the
infringing products, if such patents are found to be valid. There can be no
assurance that Maxim would be able to obtain licenses, if required, upon
commercially reasonable terms.

DEFENDING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS MAY BE EXPENSIVE AND DISRUPT
MAXIM'S BUSINESS.

     Maxim is subject to various legal proceedings and other similar claims that
involve possible infringement of patent or other intellectual property rights of
third parties. Maxim is currently a defendant in a lawsuit brought by Linear
Technology Corporation in which Linear alleges that Maxim has willfully
infringed Linear's patent relating to control circuits and methods for
maintaining high efficiencies over broad current ranges in a switching regulator
circuit. Linear seeks unspecified actual and treble monetary damages and a
permanent injunction against Maxim. In addition, from time to time, Maxim
receives notices that its products or processes may be infringing the
intellectual property rights of others.

     If one or more of Maxim's products or processes were determined to infringe
any intellectual property rights, Maxim might be enjoined by a court from
further manufacture and/or sale of the affected products. Maxim would then need
to obtain a license from the holders of the rights and/or to reengineer Maxim's
products or processes in such a way as to avoid the alleged infringement. In any
of those cases, there can be no assurance that Maxim would be able to obtain any
necessary license on commercially reasonable terms or that Maxim would be able
to reengineer its products or processes to avoid infringement. An adverse result
in litigation arising from such a claim could involve an injunction to prevent
the sales of a material portion of Maxim's products, a reduction or the
elimination of the value of related inventories and the assessment of a
substantial monetary award for damages related to past sales.

FOREIGN LEGISLATION AND FLUCTUATIONS IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE MAY IMPACT MAXIM'S
REVENUES.

     Many of the materials and manufacturing steps in Maxim's products are
supplied by foreign companies or by Maxim's operations abroad, such as its test
operations in the Philippines. Approximately 57% of Maxim's net revenues and 45%
percent of Dallas Semiconductor's net revenues in fiscal 2000 were from foreign
customers. Accordingly, both manufacturing and sales of Maxim's products may be
adversely affected by political or economic conditions abroad. In addition,
various forms of protectionist trade legislation have been proposed in the
United States and certain foreign countries. A change in current tariff
structures or other trade policies could adversely affect Maxim's foreign
manufacturing or marketing strategies. Currency exchange fluctuations could also
increase the cost of components manufactured abroad and the cost of Maxim's
products to foreign customers or decrease the costs of products from Maxim's
foreign competitors.

IF ONE OR MORE OF MAXIM'S KEY EMPLOYEES WERE TO LEAVE, IT COULD EXPERIENCE
DIFFICULTIES IN REPLACING THEM AND MAXIM'S OPERATING RESULTS COULD SUFFER.

     Maxim's success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service
of its president, John F. Gifford, its other executive officers and key
management and technical personnel, particularly its experienced engineers, and
on its ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.
The competition for these employees is very intense. The loss of the services of
Mr. Gifford or several of Maxim's executive officers could have a material
adverse effect on Maxim. In addition, there could be a material adverse effect
on Maxim should the turnover rates for engineers and other key personnel
increase significantly or should Maxim be unable to continue to attract
qualified personnel.

                              THE SPECIAL MEETING

     This proxy statement/prospectus is furnished in connection with the
solicitation of proxies from Dallas Semiconductor stockholders for use at the
Dallas Semiconductor special meeting in connection with our proposed merger.
This proxy statement/prospectus is also furnished to Dallas Semiconductor
stockholders as a prospectus in connection with the issuance of Maxim shares in
the merger. This proxy statement/prospectus and accompanying form of proxy are
first being mailed to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders on or about March 8,
2001.

TIME AND PLACE; PURPOSES

     The special meeting will be held on April 11, 2001, at 8:30 a.m., at the
offices of Dallas Semiconductor, 4401 South Beltwood Parkway, Dallas, Texas. At
the special meeting, Dallas Semiconductor stockholders will be asked to vote on
the proposal to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger and to
conduct any other business as may properly come before the special meeting.

RECORD DATE

     Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors established the close of business
on February 26, 2001 as the record date to determine which of its stockholders
are entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the special meeting. At the
close of business on the record date, 62,836,712 shares of Dallas Semiconductor
common stock were outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting, and
were held by approximately 450 record holders. The shares of Dallas
Semiconductor common stock constitute the only outstanding class of Dallas
Semiconductor securities. Each share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock is
entitled to one vote on the merger agreement and the merger.

QUORUM

     The presence at the special meeting, either in person or by proxy, of a
majority of the shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock outstanding on the
record date is necessary to constitute a quorum to transact business at the
special meeting. If a quorum is not present, it is expected that the special
meeting will be adjourned or postponed in order to solicit additional proxies.

     Abstentions and "broker non-votes" will be counted for the purpose of
determining whether a quorum is present. Broker non-votes are shares held by
brokers or nominees on behalf of customers that are represented at the meeting
but with respect to which the broker or nominee has not been instructed how to
vote. Brokers holding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock in street name
for customers are prohibited from voting those customers' shares regarding the
merger agreement and the merger in the absence of specific instructions from
those customers.

VOTE REQUIRED

     Approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding
shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock on the record date. Failure to vote,
abstentions and broker non-votes will not be deemed to be cast either "FOR" or
"AGAINST" the merger agreement and the merger. However, because approval and
adoption of the merger agreement and the merger requires the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Dallas
Semiconductor common stock on the record date, failure to vote, abstentions and
broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote "AGAINST" the merger
agreement and the merger. Votes may be cast at the special meeting in person or
by proxy by stockholders of record and by voting instruction by beneficial
owners.

     Dallas Semiconductor's directors and executive officers owned, as of the
record date, 2,066,061 shares of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock, which
represented 3.3% of the outstanding shares.

PROXIES

     Shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock represented by properly
executed proxies, if the proxies are received in time and are not revoked, will
be voted in accordance with instructions indicated on the proxies. Except for
the broker non-votes, if no instructions are indicated, these proxies will be
voted "FOR" approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the merger, and as
determined by the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors as to any other matter
that may properly come before the special meeting. In the event that a quorum is
not present at the time the special meeting is convened, or if for any other
reason Dallas Semiconductor believes that additional time should be allowed for
the solicitation of proxies, Dallas Semiconductor may postpone the special
meeting to a later date or time or may adjourn the special meeting with or
without a vote of stockholders.

     Any Dallas Semiconductor stockholder who executes and returns a proxy may
revoke it at any time prior to the voting of proxies by giving written notice to
Dallas Semiconductor's corporate secretary by executing a later-dated proxy or
by attending the special meeting and voting in person.

     All written notices of revocation and other communications with respect to
the revocation of proxies should be addressed to Dallas Semiconductor
Corporation, 4401 South Beltwood Parkway, Dallas, Texas, 75244, Attention:
Secretary. A proxy appointment will not be revoked by death or incapacity of the
Dallas Semiconductor stockholder executing the proxy unless, before the shares
are voted, notice of such death or incapacity is filed with Dallas
Semiconductor's corporate secretary or other person responsible for tabulating
votes on Dallas Semiconductor's behalf.

     Your attendance at the special meeting will not by itself constitute
revocation of your proxy. Your proxy will be revoked if you elect to vote in
person at the special meeting. If you instructed your broker to vote your shares
of Dallas Semiconductor common stock, you must follow the broker's directions in
order to change your vote.

SOLICITATION OF PROXIES AND EXPENSES

     Dallas Semiconductor will pay the cost of soliciting proxies. In addition
to solicitation by mail, Dallas Semiconductor's officers and employees, without
additional remuneration, may solicit proxies by telephone, fax, telegram or in
person. Arrangements will also be made with brokerage houses and other nominees
and fiduciaries for forwarding solicitation material to the beneficial owners of
stock held of record by those persons, and Dallas Semiconductor will reimburse
those custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses. Dallas Semiconductor has retained Mellon Investor Services, LLC to
assist in the solicitation of proxies for a customary fee, plus reimbursement of
expenses.

                                   THE MERGER

STRUCTURE OF THE MERGER

     In accordance with the merger agreement and Delaware law, MI Acquisition
Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Maxim formed for the purpose of the
merger, will merge with and into Dallas Semiconductor. Dallas Semiconductor will
be the surviving corporation in the merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary
of Maxim. In the merger, each share of common stock, par value $0.02 per share,
of Dallas Semiconductor outstanding as of the time of the merger will be
converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Maxim common stock
equal to the exchange ratio described in the merger agreement.

     The merger will become effective when a certificate of merger is filed with
the Secretary of State of Delaware or at such other time as will be specified in
the certificate of merger. The effective time of the merger will occur as soon
as practicable after the last of the conditions in the merger agreement has been
satisfied or waived. We expect the merger to occur on or about April 11, 2001.

WHAT YOU WILL RECEIVE IN THE MERGER

     In the merger, each share of your Dallas Semiconductor common stock will be
exchanged for a fraction of a share of Maxim common stock, with the fraction
determined as follows:

     - if the average closing price of Maxim's common stock over the ten trading
       days ending the two trading days prior to the closing of the merger is
       equal to or greater than $61.00, then the fraction will be determined by
       dividing 40,000,000 by the number of fully-diluted shares of Dallas
       Semiconductor common stock outstanding;

     - if the average closing price of Maxim's common stock over the ten trading
       days ending the two trading days prior to the closing of the merger is
       equal to or less than $52.00, then the fraction will be determined by
       dividing 42,000,000 by the number of fully-diluted shares of Dallas
       Semiconductor common stock outstanding; and

     - if the average closing price of Maxim's common stock over the ten trading
       days ending the two trading days prior to the closing of the merger is
       greater than $52.00 but less than $61.00, then the fraction will be
       determined in the following manner: the numerator is derived by
       subtracting Maxim's average closing price during that period from $61.00,
       dividing the result by $9.00, multiplying that result by 2,000,000 and
       adding the total figure to 40,000,000; and the denominator is the number
       of fully-diluted shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock outstanding.

     The number of fully-diluted shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock
outstanding will be calculated as of the close of business on the trading day
immediately preceding the effective time of the merger. This calculation will be
made using the treasury stock method as follows:

     - determine the number of outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor's
       common stock less all treasury shares;

     - add to that number all shares of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock
       issuable upon the exercise of dilutive stock options, warrants or other
       rights, of any kind; and

     - using the trading price of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock at the
       close of business on the trading day immediately preceding the effective
       time of the merger, subtract from the total determined above all shares
       of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock purchasable in the market with the
       proceeds Dallas Semiconductor would have received had all dilutive
       outstanding stock options, warrants or other rights been exercised at
       that time. These proceeds will be adjusted to take into account the
       income tax consequences that would have arisen from this exercise, had it
       in fact occurred, using a 35% effective income tax rate.

     No fractional Maxim shares will be issued in the merger, and cash equal to
the value of any fraction of a share will be paid in place thereof. All shares
of Dallas Semiconductor common stock held in the treasury of Dallas
Semiconductor or by Maxim or MI Acquisition Sub will be canceled.

     The following is an illustration of implied exchange ratios assuming an
average closing price of Maxim common stock between $100 and $15. For each
average closing price an implied exchange ratio has been determined based on (1)
the number of outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock and
options to purchase Dallas Semiconductor common stock outstanding as of February
26, 2001 and (2) a calculation of the number of fully-diluted Dallas
Semiconductor shares of common stock that would have been outstanding on
February 26, 2001, calculated using an implied price per share of Dallas
Semiconductor common stock derived from the relevant average closing price and
the exchange ratio formula contained in the merger agreement. The 0.6262 assumed
exchange ratio used to prepare the unaudited pro forma combined financial
statements contained in this proxy statement/prospectus was calculated using an
assumed average closing price for Maxim of $56.24, which was the average closing
price of Maxim common stock during the ten trading days ending on February 27,
2001, and applying the methodology described in this paragraph to determine the
number of fully-diluted shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock outstanding
under the treasury stock method.

     The number of outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock and
options to purchase shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock are subject to
change between February 26, 2001 and the effective time of the merger. In
addition, the actual closing price of Dallas Semiconductor common stock on the
last trading day before the effective time of the merger, which is the price
that will be used to determine the number of outstanding shares of Dallas
Semiconductor common stock using the treasury stock method, is likely to be
different from the implied share price derived from the average closing price of
Maxim common stock during the ten trading days ending on the trading day that is
two trading days prior to the effective time of the merger, which is the trading
period that will be used to determine the numerator used to calculate the
exchange ratio as described above. AS A RESULT, THE ACTUAL EXCHANGE RATIO
DETERMINED PURSUANT TO THE MERGER

AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO VARY FROM THE IMPLIED EXCHANGE RATIOS SET FORTH BELOW AND
THE ASSUMED EXCHANGE RATIO USED TO PREPARE THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.

 MAXIM                MAXIM                MAXIM                MAXIM                MAXIM
AVERAGE   IMPLIED    AVERAGE   IMPLIED    AVERAGE   IMPLIED    AVERAGE   IMPLIED    AVERAGE   IMPLIED
CLOSING   EXCHANGE   CLOSING   EXCHANGE   CLOSING   EXCHANGE   CLOSING   EXCHANGE   CLOSING   EXCHANGE
 PRICE     RATIO      PRICE     RATIO      PRICE     RATIO      PRICE     RATIO      PRICE     RATIO
- -------   --------   -------   --------   -------   --------   -------   --------   -------   --------

$100.00    0.5985     83.00     0.6018     66.00     0.6067     49.00     0.6439     32.00     0.6545
  99.50    0.5986     82.50     0.6019     65.50     0.6069     48.50     0.6443     31.50     0.6547
  99.00    0.5987     82.00     0.6020     65.00     0.6071     48.00     0.6446     31.00     0.6549
  98.50    0.5988     81.50     0.6022     64.50     0.6073     47.50     0.6449     30.50     0.6551
  98.00    0.5988     81.00     0.6023     64.00     0.6075     47.00     0.6453     30.00     0.6554
  97.50    0.5989     80.50     0.6024     63.50     0.6077     46.50     0.6456     29.50     0.6556
  97.00    0.5990     80.00     0.6025     63.00     0.6079     46.00     0.6459     29.00     0.6559
  96.50    0.5991     79.50     0.6027     62.50     0.6081     45.50     0.6463     28.50     0.6561
  96.00    0.5992     79.00     0.6028     62.00     0.6082     45.00     0.6467     28.00     0.6564
  95.50    0.5993     78.50     0.6029     61.50     0.6084     44.50     0.6470     27.50     0.6566
  95.00    0.5994     78.00     0.6031     61.00     0.6087     44.00     0.6474     27.00     0.6569
  94.50    0.5994     77.50     0.6032     60.50     0.6105     43.50     0.6478     26.50     0.6572
  94.00    0.5995     77.00     0.6033     60.00     0.6123     43.00     0.6482     26.00     0.6575
  93.50    0.5996     76.50     0.6035     59.50     0.6142     42.50     0.6486     25.50     0.6578
  93.00    0.5997     76.00     0.6036     59.00     0.6160     42.00     0.6490     25.00     0.6581
  92.50    0.5998     75.50     0.6037     58.50     0.6178     41.50     0.6494     24.50     0.6584
  92.00    0.5999     75.00     0.6039     58.00     0.6197     41.00     0.6498     24.00     0.6588
  91.50    0.6000     74.50     0.6040     57.50     0.6215     40.50     0.6503     23.50     0.6591
  91.00    0.6001     74.00     0.6042     57.00     0.6234     40.00     0.6507     23.00     0.6595
  90.50    0.6002     73.50     0.6043     56.50     0.6252     39.50     0.6512     22.50     0.6599
  90.00    0.6003     73.00     0.6045     56.00     0.6271     39.00     0.6517     22.00     0.6603
  89.50    0.6004     72.50     0.6046     55.50     0.6290     38.50     0.6520     21.50     0.6607
  89.00    0.6005     72.00     0.6048     55.00     0.6308     38.00     0.6523     21.00     0.6612
  88.50    0.6006     71.50     0.6049     54.50     0.6327     37.50     0.6525     20.50     0.6616
  88.00    0.6007     71.00     0.6051     54.00     0.6346     37.00     0.6527     20.00     0.6621
  87.50    0.6008     70.50     0.6052     53.50     0.6365     36.50     0.6529     19.50     0.6626
  87.00    0.6009     70.00     0.6054     53.00     0.6384     36.00     0.6530     19.00     0.6632
  86.50    0.6010     69.50     0.6056     52.50     0.6403     35.50     0.6532     18.50     0.6638
  86.00    0.6011     69.00     0.6057     52.00     0.6422     35.00     0.6534     18.00     0.6644
  85.50    0.6012     68.50     0.6059     51.50     0.6424     34.50     0.6535     17.50     0.6647
  85.00    0.6014     68.00     0.6061     51.00     0.6427     34.00     0.6537     17.00     0.6649
  84.50    0.6015     67.50     0.6062     50.50     0.6430     33.50     0.6539     16.50     0.6651
  84.00    0.6016     67.00     0.6064     50.00     0.6433     33.00     0.6541     16.00     0.6654
  83.50    0.6017     66.50     0.6066     49.50     0.6436     32.50     0.6543     15.50     0.6656
                                                                                     15.00     0.6659

EXCHANGE OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR MAXIM STOCK CERTIFICATES

     When the merger is completed, Maxim will mail to Dallas Semiconductor
stockholders a letter of transmittal and instructions for use in surrendering
Dallas Semiconductor stock certificates in exchange for Maxim stock
certificates. When you deliver your Dallas Semiconductor stock certificates to
the transfer agent along with a properly executed letter of transmittal and any
other required documents, your Dallas Semiconductor stock certificates will be
canceled and you will receive Maxim stock certificates representing the number
of full shares of Maxim common stock to which you are entitled under the merger
agreement.

     You will receive payment in cash, without interest, in place of any
fractional shares of Maxim common stock which would have been otherwise issuable
to you as a result of the merger based on the average closing price of Maxim
common stock for the ten consecutive trading days ending on the trading day that
is two trading days prior to the effective time of the merger. Maxim will only
issue a Maxim stock certificate or a check in place of a fractional share in a
name other than that in which a surrendered Dallas Semiconductor stock
certificate is registered if you present the exchange agent with all documents
required to show and effect the unrecorded transfer of ownership and show that
you paid any applicable stock transfer taxes or that such transfer taxes were
not applicable.

     PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT YOUR DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR STOCK CERTIFICATES FOR
EXCHANGE UNLESS AND UNTIL YOU RECEIVE THE TRANSMITTAL INSTRUCTIONS AND A FORM OF
LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL FROM THE TRANSFER AGENT.

     You will not be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions on
Dallas Semiconductor common stock after the merger is completed. If there is any
dividend or other distribution on Maxim common stock with a record date after
the merger and a payment date prior to the date you surrender your Dallas
Semiconductor stock certificates in exchange for Maxim stock certificates, you
will receive the dividend or distribution with respect to the whole shares of
Maxim common stock issued to you promptly after they are issued.

BACKGROUND OF THE MERGER

     On November 16, 2000, Mr. C.V. Prothro, age 58, the founder, chairman of
the board and chief executive officer of Dallas Semiconductor died suddenly. At
a meeting of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors on November 18, 2000, the
Interim Office of the Chief Executive was formed, with its members being the
non-employee directors of Dallas Semiconductor -- Richard L. King, M.D. Sampels
and Carmelo J. Santoro. The Interim Office of the Chief Executive was created to
seek out and evaluate all available alternatives to replace the leadership lost
as a result of Mr. Prothro's death.

     While no determination had been made as to any specific alternative, on or
about November 20, 2000, Mr. Sampels, with the concurrence of the Dallas
Semiconductor board of directors, identified several semiconductor companies
with strong management and leadership that might be candidates for a strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor. The first call made by Mr.
Sampels was to Mr. Jack Gifford, the chairman of the board and chief executive
officer of Maxim. Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford determined that there might be
some interest on the part of both parties in exploring the possibility of a
strategic business combination. They scheduled a meeting at Maxim's offices for
December 7, 2000. Prior to the meeting, Mr. Sampels provided Mr. Gifford certain
background information regarding Dallas Semiconductor.

     On December 6, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone. Mr.
Gifford informed Maxim's board of directors of his discussions with Mr. Sampels
and reviewed the current status and the background of a possible strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor. Members of Maxim's senior
management provided an overview of Dallas Semiconductor's business, operations,
financial results, financial condition and prospects. Mr. Gifford advised
Maxim's board of directors that he would report further following a meeting with
Dallas Semiconductor representatives.

     On December 7, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Alan Hale, Dallas Semiconductor's
chief financial officer, met with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of
directors and senior management at Maxim's offices. A general discussion of the
semiconductor industry and of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim ensued. At the
conclusion of the meeting, both parties indicated further interest in exploring
the possibility of a strategic business combination and agreed to schedule a
follow-up meeting.

     Mr. Sampels also received inquiries from other semiconductor companies.
These inquiries were reported to Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors and
Mr. Sampels, with the concurrence of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors,
followed up on these inquiries. From this time up to the execution of the
definitive merger agreement, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale met with certain of these
companies to discuss in general terms the possibility of a strategic business
combination with Dallas Semiconductor. Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors
was kept apprised of the nature of these discussions. These discussions,
however, remained general and exploratory in nature and definitive terms of a
possible transaction were not discussed.

     On December 8, 2000, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors met. The
current status of the company was discussed, and Mr. Sampels updated Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors on the discussions that had taken place with
Maxim and another potential candidate he had contacted, as well as interest
expressed by others in a possible strategic business combination. After
discussing the options and alternatives available to Dallas Semiconductor with
respect to its future management and direction, Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors unanimously authorized Mr. Sampels to proceed with discussions, which
thereafter included several telephone conversations between Mr. Sampels and Mr.
Gifford.

     On December 11, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone to
discuss the progress of Mr. Gifford's discussions with representatives of Dallas
Semiconductor. Mr. Gifford reported the results of those discussions and was
instructed by Maxim's board of directors to continue discussing the possibility
of a strategic business combination with Dallas Semiconductor.

     On December 14, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale met at the offices of Maxim
with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of directors and senior
management. The parties continued to discuss the relative merits of a strategic
business combination between Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim.

     On December 18, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale, together with Mr. Richard
King, a director of Dallas Semiconductor, met with representatives of Robertson
Stephens, Inc. The parties generally discussed valuations of companies in the
semiconductor industry and the potential engagement of Robertson Stephens to
render a fairness opinion.

     On December 18, 2000, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors met by
telephone. Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale updated Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors on the ongoing discussions with Maxim and on their meeting with
Robertson Stephens. Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors authorized Mr.
Sampels and Mr. Hale to continue their discussions with Maxim.

     On December 18, 2000, Maxim's board of directors met by telephone. Mr.
Gifford reported on developments regarding the possible strategic business
combination with Dallas Semiconductor. Maxim's board of directors and members of
Maxim's senior management discussed the business, operations, financial results,
financial condition and prospects of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim. Maxim's
board of directors instructed Mr. Gifford and Maxim's senior management to
continue discussions with Dallas Semiconductor.

     On December 19, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Hale again met at the offices of
Maxim with Mr. Gifford and members of Maxim's board of directors and senior
management. Legal representatives of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor were also
present. At that meeting, various structures and exchange ratios for a possible
strategic business combination were discussed. The parties did not reach any
agreement on the possible terms of a transaction. Mr. Gifford instructed his
representatives and legal counsel to begin preliminary due diligence of Dallas
Semiconductor.

     Between December 19, 2000 and December 24, 2000, Mr. Sampels had numerous
conversations with Mr. Gifford and Mr. Kip Hagopian, a Maxim director,
concerning the potential terms of a strategic business combination of Maxim and
Dallas Semiconductor. During this period, both Maxim's board of directors and
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors were regularly kept apprised of the
discussions between the Maxim representatives and Dallas Semiconductor's legal
counsel. On December 24, 2000, Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford reached a tentative
understanding as to the potential exchange ratio that they would find mutually
acceptable under which Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor might effect a strategic
business combination, subject to the approval of their respective boards of
directors. Mr. Sampels and Mr. Gifford instructed the representatives of Maxim
and respective legal counsel of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim to expand their
due diligence of the other party and commence the drafting of definitive
documentation.

     At a meeting of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors held on December
27, 2000, Mr. Sampels explained in detail the tentative understanding reached
with Mr. Gifford. After discussion, the members of Dallas Semiconductor's board
of directors, each of whom had been in regular contact with Mr. Sampels
regarding the discussions with Maxim, indicated their belief that the proposed
transaction had the potential to bring to Dallas Semiconductor the required
leadership to maximize stockholder value and, therefore, was in the best
interests of Dallas Semiconductor and its stockholders. Accordingly, Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors authorized Mr. Sampels to proceed with the
negotiation and preparation of a definitive agreement documenting the proposed
transaction with Maxim, subject to further review and approval by Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors.

     On December 28, 2000, Maxim retained Thomas Weisel Partners to evaluate the
fairness, to Maxim's stockholders, of the terms of any proposed strategic
business combination with Dallas Semiconductor.

     From December 27, 2000 through January 9, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor, Maxim
and their respective legal counsel met repeatedly to negotiate the terms of a
definitive agreement and perform due diligence of the other party. Due to market
conditions, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors, at a meeting held on
January 10, 2001, determined that it was not prepared to proceed with the
proposed strategic business combination at the proposed exchange ratio. Mr.
Sampels telephoned Mr. Gifford to convey the position of Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors. The parties terminated discussions at that time.

     Over the next twelve days, the trading prices of Maxim's and Dallas
Semiconductor's common stock changed significantly. On January 22, 2001, Mr.
Sampels contacted Mr. Gifford and indicated Dallas Semiconductor's interest in
renewing discussions about a potential strategic business combination. Mr.
Gifford explained that Maxim remained interested in pursuing a transaction with
Dallas Semiconductor on the terms and at the exchange ratio previously
discussed, and negotiations between the parties recommenced.

     From January 23, 2001 through the execution of the definitive merger
agreement, Maxim and its legal counsel and Dallas Semiconductor and its legal
counsel continued their due diligence of each other, and met and participated by
telephone in a series of negotiations finalizing the terms of the merger
agreement, the stock option agreement and the related agreements. These
negotiations covered all aspects of the transaction, which included, among other
items, the representations and warranties made by the parties, the restrictions
on the conduct of their businesses, the terms of the non-solicitation covenant,
the termination sections, the provisions regarding payment of the termination
fee and the consequences of termination and the operation of the stock option
agreement. On January 28, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor executed an engagement
letter with Robertson Stephens, engaging them for the purpose of evaluating the
fairness of the merger, from a financial point of view, to Dallas
Semiconductor's stockholders.

     On January 28, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors held a
special meeting by telephone beginning at 4:00 p.m., Central Standard Time.
During the meeting, representatives of Jenkens & Gilchrist advised Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors regarding its fiduciary duties to the
stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor. Representatives of Jenkens & Gilchrist
reviewed and discussed with Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors the terms
of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the other related
agreements. Representatives of Robertson Stephens made a presentation to Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors regarding the financial analyses it had
performed with respect to Maxim, Dallas Semiconductor and the possible strategic
business combination. Following the presentation, Robertson Stephens rendered an
oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated as
of January 28, 2001, that the exchange ratio provided in the merger agreement
was fair to the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor, from a financial point of
view. Following a continued discussion of the terms of the merger agreement, as
well as the board of directors' duties to the stockholders, Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors unanimously approved the final terms of the
merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the related agreements and
unanimously resolved to recommend that the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders
approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger.

     On January 28, 2001, Maxim's board of directors met beginning at 3:00 p.m.,
Central Standard Time, in Dallas, Texas. At this meeting, a representative of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett discussed Maxim's board of directors' fiduciary
duties when considering the proposed strategic business combination and reviewed
the terms of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the related
agreements. Representatives of Thomas Weisel Partners presented to Maxim's board
of directors a summary of its financial analyses related to the proposed
transaction. Upon completing its deliberations, Maxim's board of directors, by
unanimous vote, approved the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and
the related agreements and the transactions contemplated by those agreements.

     The merger agreement and related transaction documents were signed on
January 28, 2001 and Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor jointly announced the merger
on January 29, 2001.

MAXIM'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Maxim believes that the merger will enable the combined company, with its
larger and more diversified portfolio of products and resources, to more
effectively compete and achieve a number of key strategic objectives. In
addition, Maxim believes that as a subsidiary of Maxim, Dallas Semiconductor has
the potential to achieve improved operating and financial results. In
particular:

     - Dallas Semiconductor brings to Maxim ten product lines that complement
       Maxim's. These new product lines will provide Maxim with additional
       market diversification and a new customer base, including that of mobile
       networking.

     - Dallas Semiconductor has a team of over 300 engineers who, Maxim
       believes, will increase in productivity as part of the Maxim team and
       will help further expand Maxim's product lines. It is anticipated that
       Dallas Semiconductor's rate of product development should also benefit
       from Maxim's proprietary methods and manufacturing techniques.

     - Maxim believes that Dallas Semiconductor will benefit in both the long
       and short term from Maxim's operating efficiencies, overseas
       manufacturing capacity, its worldwide sales and applications
       organizations and marketing capability, which should improve Dallas
       Semiconductor's financial performance and operating margins.

DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S REASONS FOR THE MERGER

     Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors has determined that the terms of
the merger agreement and the merger are fair to, and in the best interest of,
Dallas Semiconductor and its stockholders. Accordingly, Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the merger
and unanimously recommends that you vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger
agreement and the merger. In reaching its decision, Dallas Semiconductor's board
of directors identified several potential benefits of the merger, which include:

     - the potential for accelerated revenue growth resulting from combining the
       companies' diversified product portfolios;

     - the ability of Dallas Semiconductor, as part of Maxim, to increase
       distribution of its products by accessing Maxim's sales channels to reach
       Maxim's broader customer base;

     - Maxim's strong management, the complementary cultures of the two
       companies and Maxim's commitment to growing Dallas Semiconductor's
       business, all of which, when combined with the complementary nature of
       the two companies' product lines, provided the best strategic fit for
       Dallas Semiconductor;

     - the likelihood that the merger will result in a combined company with
       greater financial, technological and human resources to develop new
       products or acquire new technologies, and greater sales and marketing
       resources to help promote and sell Dallas Semiconductor products; and

     - the trend toward increasing consolidation in, and the highly competitive
       nature of, the market in which Dallas Semiconductor operates and the
       competitive benefits of combining with a larger, more diversified company
       such as Maxim.

     In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and the merger and
to recommend that the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor approve and adopt the
merger agreement and the merger, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors
considered a number of factors, including the following:

     - the information and presentations by Dallas Semiconductor's management
       and Robertson Stephens regarding the financial condition, cash flows and
       results of operations of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim, on both a
       historical and prospective basis;

     - information relating to the business, assets, management, competitive
       position, operating performance and prospects of each of Dallas
       Semiconductor and Maxim, including the prospects of Dallas Semiconductor
       if it were to continue as an independent company;

     - current industry, market and economic conditions;

     - the possibility of strategic alternatives to the merger for enhancing
       long-term stockholder value, including the possibility of other potential
       strategic transactions;

     - historical market prices, trading information and volatility with respect
       to Dallas Semiconductor shares and Maxim shares;

     - the opinion of Robertson Stephens, that, as of January 28, 2001, the
       exchange ratio was fair to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders, other than
       Maxim or its subsidiaries, from a financial point of view;

     - the $39.13 per share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock implied by the
       exchange ratio, based on the closing prices of Maxim's and Dallas
       Semiconductor's common stock on January 26, 2001, which represented:

       - a 68% premium over the closing price of Dallas Semiconductor common
         stock on the 30th trading day prior to the public announcement of the
         merger; and

       - a 46% premium over the closing price of Dallas Semiconductor common
         stock on January 26, 2001, the last trading day prior to the public
         announcement of the merger;

     - the amount and form of consideration to be received by stockholders of
       Dallas Semiconductor in the merger in light of comparable transactions;

     - the opportunity for Dallas Semiconductor's stockholders to participate,
       as stockholders of Maxim after the merger, in a larger, more diversified
       company, including participation in the value that may be created through
       combining the businesses of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim;

     - the fact that the increase or the decrease in the aggregate value of the
       Maxim common stock to be received by all Dallas Semiconductor
       stockholders will be somewhat limited by the pricing mechanism in the
       merger agreement;

     - the arm's-length negotiations between Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim and
       their advisors, including that the negotiations resulted in the ability
       of Dallas Semiconductor to provide information to, and negotiate with, a
       third party that might make an unsolicited acquisition proposal and of
       the ability of Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors to withdraw its
       recommendation of the merger agreement and the merger if a superior
       acquisition proposal is made;

     - Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors' belief, after review of the
       termination fee payable by Dallas Semiconductor with its legal counsel,
       that the amount of the termination fee would not meaningfully impair the
       possibility of a competing transaction;

     - the other terms and conditions of the merger agreement and the stock
       option agreement, including the limited number of closing conditions,
       that provide increased certainty that the merger will be completed; and

     - the fact that the merger is intended to be a tax-free exchange to
       stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor.

     Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors also considered the risks
described under the caption "Risk Factors Relating to the Merger" beginning on
page 18 as potentially negative factors in its evaluation of the merger, as well
as the following potentially negative factors:

     - The merger is subject to the closing conditions described under the
       caption "The Merger Agreement -- Conditions to the Completion of the
       Merger" beginning on page 54, and, if the

       merger is not completed for any reason, Dallas Semiconductor may be
       subject to a number of material risks, including, among other things, the
       following:

       - Dallas Semiconductor may be required to pay Maxim a termination fee of
         $75 million;

       - the price of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock may decline to the
         extent that the current market price of Dallas Semiconductor's common
         stock reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed;
         and

       - costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting and fairness
         opinion fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed.

     - If the merger agreement is terminated and Dallas Semiconductor's board of
       directors determines to seek a merger or business combination with a
       party other than Maxim, Dallas Semiconductor cannot assure you that
       Dallas Semiconductor will be able to find a partner willing to provide
       its stockholders with a value equivalent to or more attractive than the
       value they would have received in the merger with Maxim.

     Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors, however, believed that these
negative factors were outweighed by the potential advantages of the merger.

     The discussion of the information and factors considered by Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors includes the material factors considered by
Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors in reaching its conclusions and
recommendations, but is not meant to be exhaustive. In light of the variety of
factors considered in reaching its determination, Dallas Semiconductor's board
of directors did not find it practical to, and did not, quantify or otherwise
assign relative weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its
conclusions and recommendations. In addition, individual members of Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors may have given different weights to different
factors.

RECOMMENDATION OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     After careful consideration, Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors
unanimously determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the merger are
fair to, and in the best interests of, Dallas Semiconductor and its
stockholders. Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors has unanimously approved
the merger agreement and the merger and unanimously recommends that its
stockholders vote FOR approval and adoption of the merger agreement and the
merger.

OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR TO DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

     Under a letter agreement dated January 28, 2001, Dallas Semiconductor
engaged Robertson Stephens to render an opinion as to the fairness of the
exchange ratio, from a financial point of view, to Dallas Semiconductor's
stockholders.

     In connection with the evaluation and approval by Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors of the merger agreement and the merger, Robertson Stephens
delivered a written opinion, dated January 28, 2001, that as of such date and
based on the matters considered and the limitations on the review undertaken
described in the opinion, the exchange ratio was fair, from a financial point of
view, to the holders of Dallas Semiconductor common stock. Robertson Stephens
has consented to the use of its opinion in this proxy statement/prospectus, and
the full text of this opinion is attached as Annex C to this proxy
statement/prospectus. No limitations were imposed by Dallas Semiconductor's
board of directors on Robertson Stephens with respect to the investigations made
or procedures followed by it in furnishing its opinion. The exchange ratio was
determined through negotiations between the managements of Dallas Semiconductor
and Maxim. Robertson Stephens was not asked by Dallas Semiconductor to propose
or recommend, and did not propose or recommend, any specific exchange ratio for
the merger.

     You should consider the following when reading the discussion of the
opinion of Robertson Stephens in this document:

     - We urge you to read carefully the entire opinion of Robertson Stephens,
       which is set forth in Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus and is
       incorporated by reference.

     - The following description of the Robertson Stephens opinion is qualified
       by reference to the full opinion attached as Annex C to this proxy
       statement/prospectus. The full opinion sets forth, among other things,
       the assumptions made by Robertson Stephens, the matters it considered and
       the limitations on the review undertaken.

     - The Robertson Stephens opinion is provided for the information of Dallas
       Semiconductor's board of directors in connection with its evaluation of
       the merger. The Robertson Stephens opinion is not intended to be and does
       not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of Dallas
       Semiconductor as to how such stockholder should vote, or take any other
       action, with respect to the merger. This opinion may not be summarized,
       described or referred to or furnished to any party except with Robertson
       Stephens' express prior written consent.

     - Robertson Stephens' opinion does not address the relative merits of the
       merger and the other business strategies that the Dallas Semiconductor
       board of directors has considered or may be considering, nor does it
       address the decision of the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors to
       proceed with the merger.

     It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect the
conclusion expressed in the Robertson Stephens opinion and that Robertson
Stephens disclaims any undertaking or obligation to advise any person of any
change in any matter affecting its opinion which may come or be brought to its
attention after the date of its opinion. Its opinion is limited to the fairness,
from a financial point of view and as of January 28, 2001, to the holders of
Dallas Semiconductor common stock, of the exchange ratio.

     In connection with the preparation of its opinion, Robertson Stephens has,
among other things:

     - reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
       business and financial information of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim;

     - reviewed certain publicly available estimates of research analysts
       relating to Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim;

     - held discussions with the respective managements of Dallas Semiconductor
       and Maxim concerning the businesses, past and current operations,
       financial condition and future prospects of both Dallas Semiconductor and
       Maxim, independently and combined, including discussions with the
       managements of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim concerning their views
       regarding the strategic rationale for the merger;

     - reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in a draft, dated
       January 26, 2001, of the merger agreement;

     - reviewed the stock price and trading history of Dallas Semiconductor
       common stock and Maxim common stock;

     - compared the financial performance of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim and
       the prices and trading activity of Dallas Semiconductor common stock and
       Maxim common stock with that of certain other publicly traded companies
       comparable with Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim;

     - compared the financial terms of the merger with the financial terms, to
       the extent publicly available, of other transactions that it deemed
       relevant;

     - reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Maxim's earnings per
       share;

     - participated in discussions among representatives of Dallas Semiconductor
       and Maxim and their financial and legal advisors; and

     - made such other studies and inquiries, and reviewed such other data, as
       it deemed relevant.

     In its review and analysis, and in arriving at its opinion, Robertson
Stephens assumed and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to it, including information furnished
to it orally or otherwise discussed with Robertson Stephens by the managements
of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim, or publicly available and neither attempted
to verify, nor assumed responsibility for verifying, any of such information.
Robertson Stephens relied upon the assurances of the managements of Dallas
Semiconductor and Maxim that they were not aware of any facts that would make
such information inaccurate or misleading. Furthermore, Robertson Stephens did
not obtain or make, or assume any responsibility for obtaining or making, any
independent evaluation or appraisal of the properties, assets or liabilities,
contingent or otherwise, of Dallas Semiconductor or Maxim, nor was Robertson
Stephens furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal.

     With respect to the financial forecasts and projections, and the
assumptions and bases on which they are founded, for Maxim and Dallas
Semiconductor, including projections with respect to operations of the combined
companies following the merger, that Robertson Stephens reviewed, Robertson
Stephens assumed that:

     - these forecasts and projections were reasonably prepared in good faith on
       the basis of reasonable assumptions;

     - these forecasts reflected the best currently available estimates and
       judgments of the managements of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor;

     - these forecasts reflected the best currently available estimates and
       judgments of the managements of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor as to the
       future financial condition and performance of Dallas Semiconductor and
       Maxim; and

     - Robertson Stephens further assumed that such projections and forecasts
       would be realized in the amounts and in the time periods estimated.

     The Robertson Stephens opinion is based on market, economic and other
conditions as they existed or were disclosed to Robertson Stephens and could be
evaluated as of the date of the Robertson Stephens opinion and made available to
Robertson Stephens on that date. In addition, Robertson Stephens assumed that:

     - the merger will be consummated upon the terms set forth in the draft
       agreement without material alteration, including, among other things,
       that the merger will be accounted for as a pooling of interests business
       combination in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
       principles;

     - the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the
       Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and

     - the historical financial statements of each of Dallas Semiconductor and
       Maxim reviewed by Robertson Stephens have been prepared and fairly
       presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
       principles consistently applied.

     Robertson Stephens expressed no opinion as to:

     - the value of any employee agreement or other arrangement entered into in
       connection with the merger;

     - any tax or other consequences that might result from the merger; or

     - what the value of Maxim common stock will be when issued to Dallas
       Semiconductor's stockholders pursuant to the merger or the price at which
       the shares of Maxim common stock that are issued pursuant to the merger
       may be traded in the future. The Robertson Stephens opinion does not
       address the relative merits of the merger and the other business
       strategies that the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors has
       considered or may be considering, nor does it address the decision of the
       Dallas Semiconductor board of directors to proceed with the merger.

     The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by
Robertson Stephens in connection with rendering its opinion. The summary of the
financial analyses is not a complete description of all of the analyses
performed by Robertson Stephens. Certain of the information in this section is
presented in tabular form.

     IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND BETTER THE FINANCIAL ANALYSES PERFORMED BY ROBERTSON
STEPHENS, THESE TABLES MUST BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE TEXT OF EACH SUMMARY. THE
ROBERTSON STEPHENS OPINION IS BASED ON THE TOTALITY OF THE VARIOUS ANALYSES THAT
IT PERFORMED, AND NO PARTICULAR PORTION OF THE ANALYSES HAS ANY MERIT STANDING
ALONE.

Comparable Company Analysis

     Using publicly available information, Robertson Stephens analyzed, among
other things, the trading multiples of selected publicly traded large and
diversified semiconductor companies, including:

     - Analog Devices

     - National Semiconductor

     - Texas Instruments

     - STMicroelectronics

     - Intersil Holdings

     - Infineon Technologies

     - Fairchild Semiconductor

     - ON Semiconductor

     As set forth in the following table, applying a range of multiples for
these companies for calendar year 2000 to 2002 revenue or net income publicly
available estimates for Dallas Semiconductor resulted in the following range of
implied equity values:

            IMPLIED CALENDAR YEAR DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR EQUITY VALUE
                          (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS)

 REVENUE    MULTIPLE RANGE   IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
 -------    --------------   --------------------

   2000      2.7x - 6.0x      1$,648 - $3,354
   2001      2.5x - 5.0x      1$,576 - $2,900

NET INCOME  MULTIPLE RANGE   IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
- ----------  --------------   --------------------

   2000     15.0x - 30.0x     1$,431 - $2,862
   2001     15.0x - 30.0x     1$,368 - $2,736
   2002     12.5x - 25.0x     1$,401 - $2,803

The above implied equity reference ranges compared to an equity value of
approximately $2,540 million as implied by the exchange ratio based on the
closing price of Maxim common stock on January 26, 2001.

Selected Precedent Transaction Analysis

     Robertson Stephens analyzed the adjusted aggregate value paid or proposed
to be paid in selected public to public precedent transactions for semiconductor
companies and public and private precedent transactions for companies in the
analog integrated circuit industry, including:

     - Public to Public Semiconductor Precedent Transactions:
       - Xircom/Intel
       - TelCom Semiconductor/Microchip Technology
       - Galileo Technology/Marvell Technology
       - MMC Networks/Applied Micro Circuits

       - Quantum Effect Devices/PMC Sierra
       - Burr-Brown/Texas Instruments
       - Maker Communications/Conexant
       - DSP Communications/Intel
       - Unitrode Corp./Texas Instruments
       - Level One Communications/Intel
       - VLSI/Phillips Electronics
       - SEEQ Technology/LSI Logic Corporation
       - Benchmarq Microelectronics/Unitrode

     - Analog Integrated Circuit Precedent Transactions:
       - Burr-Brown/Texas Instruments
       - Unitrode Corp./Texas Instruments
       - Motorola (Semi. Components Group)/Texas Pacific Group
       - Unisem/International Rectifier
       - TelCom Semiconductor/Microchip Technology
       - Micro Linear's PM/Fairchild Semiconductor
       - KOTA Microcircuits/Fairchild Semiconductor
       - Cherry Semiconductor/ON Semiconductor
       - USAR/Semtech
       - Calogic/Sipex
       - Power Trends/Texas Instruments
       - Harris Corp (Semiconductor)/Intersil Corp.
       - Linfinity Microelectronics/Microsemiconductor
       - IC Works/Cypress
       - Samsung (Power Devices)/Fairchild Semiconductor
       - BKC Semiconductors/Microsemi
       - Raytheon Semiconductor Unit/Fairchild Semiconductor
       - Edge Semiconductor/Semtech

     Robertson Stephens compared, among other things, the aggregate value in
these transactions as a multiple of LTM, last twelve months, and NTM, next
twelve months, revenue and net income. Applying these multiples to Dallas
Semiconductor's LTM and NTM revenue and net income respectively, resulted in the
following range of implied equity values.

 AGGREGATE VALUE OVER REVENUE MULTIPLE APPLIED TO DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR REVENUE
                          (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS)

                      REVENUE                        MULTIPLE RANGE    IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
                      -------                        --------------    --------------------

LTM REVENUE........................................     3.0x - 6.0x      $1,803 - $3,354
NTM REVENUE........................................     2.5x - 5.0x      $1,576 - $2,900

                    NET INCOME                       MULTIPLE RANGE    IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
                    ----------                       --------------    --------------------

LTM NET INCOME.....................................   20.0x - 50.0x      $1,908 - $4,770
NTM NET INCOME.....................................   15.0x - 40.0x      $1,368 - $3,648

     The above implied equity reference ranges compared to an equity value of
approximately $2,540 million as implied by the exchange ratio based on the
closing price of Maxim common stock on January 26, 2001.

     Robertson Stephens also analyzed such adjusted market consideration paid as
a premium paid to the share price of the target the day prior to and one month
prior to the announcement of the transaction of the selected private precedent
transactions listed above. As set forth in the following table, Robertson

Stephens applied a range of premiums paid to the Dallas Semiconductor day prior
and one month prior stock price.

                          (DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS)

                    STOCK PRICE                      PREMIUM RANGE    IMPLIED EQUITY VALUE
                    -----------                      -------------    --------------------

1 DAY PRIOR........................................  25.0% - 50.0%      $2,131 - $2,557
1 MONTH PRIOR......................................  40.0% - 80.0%      $2,069 - $2,660

     The above implied equity reference ranges compared to an equity value of
approximately $2,540 million as implied by the exchange ratio based on the
closing price of Maxim common stock on January 26, 2001.

     No company, transaction or business used in the comparable company analysis
or the selected precedent transaction analysis is identical to Dallas
Semiconductor, Maxim or the merger. Accordingly, an analysis of the results of
the foregoing is not entirely mathematical; rather it involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics and other factors and trends that could affect the acquisition,
public trading and other values of the comparable companies or the business
segment, company or transactions to which they are compared.

Pro Forma Merger Analysis

     Robertson Stephens analyzed the impact of the merger on the earnings of the
combined company for fiscal year 2001 and 2002 based on the publicly available
estimates for Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim. Without taking into account
certain synergies that the combined company may realize in its operations, the
results of this analysis suggested that the merger is accretive to Maxim
earnings per share, "EPS," in fiscal year 2001 and 2002. The following table
summarizes the results of this analysis:

Fiscal year 2001 estimated EPS accretion....................  8.8%
Fiscal year 2002 estimated EPS accretion....................  6.6%

     The actual results achieved by the combined company may vary from projected
results and such variations may be material.

     While the foregoing summary describes the analysis and factors that
Robertson Stephens deemed material in its presentation to the Dallas
Semiconductor board of directors, it is not a comprehensive description of all
analyses and factors considered by Robertson Stephens. The preparation of a
fairness opinion is a complex process that involves various determinations as to
the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis to the
particular circumstances. Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its
opinion, Robertson Stephens did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made qualitative judgments as to
the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly,
Robertson Stephens believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and
that selecting portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it,
without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion. Several
analytical methodologies were employed and no one method of analysis should be
regarded as critical to the overall conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens.
Each analytical technique has inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature
of the available information may further affect the value of particular
techniques. The conclusion reached by Robertson Stephens is based on all
analyses and factors taken as a whole and also on application of Robertson
Stephens' own experience and judgment. This conclusion may involve significant
elements of subjective judgment and qualitative analysis. Robertson Stephens
therefore gives no opinion as to the value or merit standing alone of any one or
more parts of the analysis it performed. In performing its analyses, Robertson
Stephens made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general
business and other conditions and matters, and industry and transaction trends,
many of which are beyond the control of Dallas Semiconductor or Robertson
Stephens. Any estimates contained in these analyses are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future

results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
suggested by these analyses. Accordingly, analyses relating to the value of
businesses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which
these businesses actually may be sold in the future, and these estimates are
inherently subject to uncertainty. Furthermore, no opinion is being expressed as
to the prices at which shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock may be traded
at any future time. In the ordinary course of business, Robertson Stephens acts
as a market maker and broker in the publicly traded securities of Dallas
Semiconductor and Maxim and receives customary compensation in connection
therewith. In the ordinary course of business, Robertson Stephens actively
trades in the equity and derivative securities of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim
for its own account and for the accounts of its customers and, accordingly, may
at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

     Dallas Semiconductor engaged Robertson Stephens under a letter agreement
dated January 28, 2001. The agreement provides that, for its services, Robertson
Stephens is entitled to receive a customary fee, which was payable upon the
delivery of its opinion. In addition, Dallas Semiconductor has agreed to
indemnify Robertson Stephens for certain liabilities that may arise out of the
engagement. The terms of the fee arrangement with Robertson Stephens were
negotiated at arm's-length between Dallas Semiconductor and Robertson Stephens,
and the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors was aware of these fee
arrangements. Robertson Stephens was retained based on Robertson Stephens'
experience in connection with mergers and acquisitions and in securities
valuations generally, as well as Robertson Stephens' investment banking
relationship and familiarity with Dallas Semiconductor. Robertson Stephens has
provided investment banking services to Dallas Semiconductor from time to time,
including acting as a lead underwriter for its initial public offering.
Robertson Stephens may in the future provide investment banking or other
financial advisory services to the Dallas Semiconductor or Maxim.

     Robertson Stephens is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm. As part of its investment banking business, Robertson Stephens is
frequently engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary
distributions of securities, private placements and other purposes.

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

     The merger is intended to qualify for the pooling of interests method of
accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under
this method of accounting, Maxim's stockholders and Dallas Semiconductor's
stockholders will be deemed to have combined their existing voting common stock
interests in the merger. Accordingly, the book value of the assets, liabilities
and stockholders' equity of each of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, as reported
on their consolidated balance sheets, will be carried over to the consolidated
balance sheet of the combined company. No goodwill will be created. The combined
company will be able to include in its consolidated income the consolidated
income of both companies for the entire fiscal year in which the merger occurs,
and prior years' income statements will be restated to include the combined
results of operations of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor for all prior periods
reported.

INTERESTS OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE MERGER

     When considering the recommendation of Dallas Semiconductor's board of
directors, you should be aware that some of Dallas Semiconductor's officers and
directors have interests in the merger that are different from, or are in
addition to, yours. Dallas Semiconductors' board of directors was aware of these
interests and considered them, among other things, in approving the merger
agreement and the merger. These interests are described below.

     Director and Officer Indemnification and Insurance. Pursuant to the merger
agreement, for six years after the effective time of the merger, Maxim will
cause Dallas Semiconductor, as the surviving corporation, to provide customary
indemnification to Dallas Semiconductor's present and former directors and
officers for claims brought as a result of actions or omissions occurring prior
to the effective time of the merger. Maxim has guaranteed these obligations to
the extent they are unsatisfied by the surviving

corporation or by directors' and officers' liability insurance. For six years
after the effective time of the merger, Maxim will cause Dallas Semiconductor,
as the surviving corporation, to maintain in effect the coverage provided by
Dallas Semiconductor's current directors' and officers' liability insurance
policies with respect to matters or events occurring before the effective time
of the merger, unless the cost of such insurance exceeds 1.5 times the most
recent annual premium paid by Dallas Semiconductor, in which case Maxim will be
obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage reasonably available for
a cost not exceeding such amount.

     Accelerated Vesting of Stock Options. All unvested stock options held by
the executive officers and directors of Dallas Semiconductor that were granted
pursuant to the Dallas Semiconductor 1993 Officer and Director Stock Option Plan
will vest and become exercisable upon the effectiveness of the merger. All
unvested stock options held by the non-employee directors of Dallas
Semiconductor that were granted pursuant to the Dallas Semiconductor 1987 Stock
Option Plan will also vest and become exercisable upon the effectiveness of the
merger.

     Other Non-Employee Director Arrangements. In December 1993, Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors adopted non-employee director arrangements
pursuant to which each non-employee director would be entitled to a payment of
ten times his or her annual retainer once his or her service as a director of
Dallas Semiconductor ends for any reason following a change in control of Dallas
Semiconductor. As a result of this arrangement, M.D. Sampels, Richard L. King
and Carmelo J. Santoro will each receive a payment of $500,000 at the effective
time of the merger.

     Change in Control Agreements and Transitional Employment Agreements. On May
20, 1999, Dallas Semiconductor entered into change in control agreements with
Chao C. Mai, currently its President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael L.
Bolan, currently its Vice President, Marketing and Product Development, and Alan
P. Hale, currently its Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Under
these agreements, as amended to date, upon the occurrence of a change in control
of Dallas Semiconductor, each of these officers is entitled to receive certain
benefits, including the following:

     - a lump sum severance payment equal to 299% of his annual compensation,
       which is defined to include base salary, annual bonus and deferred
       compensation account balances, in effect at the time of the change in
       control;

     - immediate vesting of all incentives, awards and other benefits previously
       made available to him by Dallas Semiconductor, including options granted
       under the Dallas Semiconductor 1987 Stock Option Plan;

     - a lump sum payment, payable in shares of common stock of Dallas
       Semiconductor, equal to any amounts due him under any of Dallas
       Semiconductor's deferred compensation plans, as if he was fully vested
       under the plan; and

     - lifetime coverage for him and his spouse under Dallas Semiconductor's
       health, dental, disability, accident and life insurance.

In addition, upon the change in control of Dallas Semiconductor, these
executives are entitled to certain retirement benefits under these agreements.

     Prior to the execution of the merger agreement, these agreements were
amended to remove any entitlement to payments intended to compensate the
executives for the imposition of any excise tax under the Internal Revenue Code.
Prior to the effective time of the merger, these agreements will be further
amended in the following manner:

     - The aggregate amount owed to Mr. Mai as a result of the completion of the
       merger will be reduced by $1,007,728. Subject to Mr. Mai's continued
       employment with the surviving corporation after the merger, he will be
       paid a bonus of $553,864 on the one year anniversary of the merger,
       unless he is earlier terminated by the surviving corporation, dies or is
       disabled, in which case he will receive the bonus payment upon
       termination, death or disability.

     - The aggregate amount owed to Mr. Bolan as a result of the completion of
       the merger will be reduced by $793,846. Subject to Mr. Bolan's continued
       employment with the surviving corporation after the merger, he will be
       paid a bonus of $396,923 on the one year anniversary of the merger,
       unless he is earlier terminated by the surviving corporation, dies or is
       disabled, in which case he will receive the bonus payment upon
       termination, death or disability.

     - The aggregate amount owed to Mr. Hale as a result of the completion of
       the merger will be reduced by $498,462. Subject to Mr. Hale's continued
       employment with the surviving corporation after the merger, he will be
       paid a bonus of $249,231 on the one year anniversary of the merger,
       unless he is earlier terminated by the surviving corporation, dies or is
       disabled, in which case he will receive the bonus payment upon
       termination, death or disability.

     Deferred Compensation Plan Distributions. At the effective time of the
merger, participants, including the officers covered by the change in control
agreements, in Dallas Semiconductor's Executive Deferred Compensation Plan will
be entitled to receive distributions of their accounts under the plan, payable
in shares of common stock of Dallas Semiconductor, pursuant to the terms
previously established under the plan. Three of Dallas Semiconductors' executive
officers are participants in the plan and will be entitled to those
distributions.

     Maxim Board Seat. M.D. Sampels, a non-employee director of Dallas
Semiconductor, will join Maxim's board of directors following the effectiveness
of the merger, until his successor is duly elected or appointed and qualified or
until Mr. Sampels' earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with
Maxim's certificate of incorporation and bylaws. As a non-employee director of
Maxim, Mr. Sampels will be eligible to receive the compensation paid to other
non-employee directors of Maxim.

     Directorships of the Surviving Corporation. Richard L. King and Carmelo J.
Santoro, directors of Dallas Semiconductor, will serve as directors of the
surviving corporation for a transition period which will expire 90 days after
the public announcement by Maxim of at least 30 days of combined operations of
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor.

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

     The following summary discusses the material United States federal income
tax consequences of the merger to holders of Dallas Semiconductor common stock.
The discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(Code), applicable Treasury regulations under the Code and administrative
rulings and judicial authority as of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus. These laws may change, possibly retroactively, and any
change could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. This discussion
assumes that you hold your shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock as
capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. This discussion
does not address all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may
be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, or if you are
subject to special rules, such as treatment under the United States federal
income tax laws, including if you are:

     - not a citizen or resident of the United States;

     - a financial institution;

     - a tax-exempt organization;

     - an insurance company;

     - a dealer in securities;

     - a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder who received your shares under Dallas
       Semiconductor's equity-based compensation plans or otherwise as
       compensation, or through a tax-qualified retirement plan; or

     - a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder who holds Dallas Semiconductor shares
       as part of a hedge, straddle, constructive sale or conversion
       transaction.

     This discussion does not address any consequences arising under the laws of
any state, locality or foreign jurisdiction or under federal laws other than the
United States federal income tax laws.

     Based upon representations contained in representation letters provided by
Maxim, MI Acquisition Sub and Dallas Semiconductor, and on certain customary
factual assumptions, all of which must continue to be true and accurate in all
material respects as of the effective time of the merger, it is the opinion of
Jenkens & Gilchrist, a Professional Corporation, counsel to Dallas
Semiconductor, that the material United States federal income tax consequences
of the merger are:

     - the merger will be treated for federal income tax purposes as a
       reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;

     - no gain or loss will be recognized for federal income tax purposes by
       holders of Dallas Semiconductor shares who exchange their Dallas
       Semiconductor shares solely for Maxim shares pursuant to the merger;

     - the aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Maxim shares received in the
       merger by a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder, treating fractional share
       interests in Maxim shares as having been issued to such holder in the
       merger and then redeemed for cash, will be the same as the aggregate
       adjusted tax basis of the Dallas Semiconductor shares surrendered in the
       merger;

     - the holding period of the Maxim shares received by a Dallas Semiconductor
       stockholder in the merger will include the period during which such
       holder held the Dallas Semiconductor shares surrendered in the merger;
       and

     - cash received by a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder in place of a
       fractional share interest in the Maxim shares will result in the
       recognition of gain or loss for federal income tax purposes, measured by
       the difference between the amount of cash received and the portion of the
       tax basis of the Dallas Semiconductor share allocable to this fractional
       share interest. This gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will
       be long-term capital gain or loss if the Dallas Semiconductor
       stockholder's holding period in the fractional Maxim share interest is
       more than one year at the effective time of the merger and such share was
       held as a capital asset.

     The respective obligations of the parties to complete the merger are
conditioned on the receipt by Dallas Semiconductor of an opinion of Jenkens &
Gilchrist, on the closing date of the merger, that the merger will be treated
for federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code. See "The Merger Agreement -- Conditions to the
Completion of the Merger" beginning on page 54. The opinion will be based upon
customary assumptions, covenants and representations, including those contained
in representation letters of Maxim, MI Acquisition Sub and Dallas Semiconductor
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such tax counsel. Although the
merger agreement allows Dallas Semiconductor to waive this condition to closing,
Dallas Semiconductor currently does not anticipate doing so. If Dallas
Semiconductor does waive this condition, Dallas Semiconductor will inform you of
this decision and ask you to vote on the merger taking this into consideration.
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor have not and will not seek any ruling from the
Internal Revenue Service regarding any matters relating to the merger, and as a
result, there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not
disagree with or challenge any of the conclusions described in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

     Reporting Requirements. A holder of Dallas Semiconductor shares receiving
Maxim shares as a result of the merger will be required to retain records and
file with its United States federal income tax return a statement setting forth
facts relating to the merger.

     Backup Withholding. Certain non-corporate Dallas Semiconductor stockholders
may be subject to backup withholding at a 31% rate on cash payments received in
place of a fractional share interest in the Maxim shares. Backup withholding
will not apply, however, to a Dallas Semiconductor stockholder who:

     - furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that
       such holder is not subject to backup withholding on the substitute Form
       W-9 or successor form included in the letter of transmittal to be
       delivered to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders;

     - provides a certification of foreign status on Internal Revenue Service
       Form W-8 or successor form; or

     - is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

     THE PRECEDING DISCUSSION DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OR
DISCUSSION OF ALL POTENTIAL TAX EFFECTS RELEVANT TO THE MERGER. DALLAS
SEMICONDUCTOR STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE
SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING TAX RETURN REPORTING
REQUIREMENTS, THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND OTHER
APPLICABLE TAX LAWS AND THE EFFECT OF ANY PROPOSED CHANGES IN THE TAX LAWS.

REGULATORY MATTERS

     The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules promulgated under
that act by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which prevent some transactions
from being completed until required information and materials are furnished to
the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Federal
Trade Commission and the waiting periods end or expire. On January 31, 2001, we
filed the requisite Pre-Merger Notification and Report Forms with the Federal
Trade Commission and the Department of Justice and the waiting period was
terminated on February 26, 2001. The Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice, the Federal Trade Commission and others may challenge the merger on
antitrust grounds either before or after expiration of the applicable waiting
periods. Accordingly, at any time before or after the completion of the merger,
the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, the Federal Trade
Commission or others could take action under the antitrust laws as they deem
necessary or desirable in the public interest, including, without limitation,
seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or permitting completion subject
to regulatory concessions or conditions. We cannot assure you that a challenge
to the merger will not be made or that, if made, it will not prevail.

NO DISSENTER'S APPRAISAL RIGHTS

     Under Delaware law, stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor will not be
entitled to exercise dissenter's appraisal rights or to demand payment for their
shares in connection with the merger.

RESTRICTIONS ON THE ABILITY TO SELL MAXIM STOCK

     The Maxim shares to be issued to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders in the
merger have been registered under the Securities Act. Upon issuance, these
shares may be traded freely and without restriction by those stockholders not
deemed to be affiliates of Dallas Semiconductor, as that term is defined under
the Securities Act. An "affiliate" of Dallas Semiconductor, as defined by the
rules promulgated under the Securities Act, is a person who directly or
indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with Dallas Semiconductor. Any transfer of Maxim shares
after the merger by an affiliate of Dallas Semiconductor must be one permitted
by the resale provisions of Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act, or
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, in the case of persons who become
affiliates of Maxim, or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act. These
restrictions are expected to apply to the directors, executive officers and
holders of 10% or more of the Dallas Semiconductor shares, as well as to certain
other related individuals or entities.

     Dallas Semiconductor has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause
each of its affiliates to deliver to Maxim a written agreement that such person
will not dispose of any Maxim shares in violation of the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act. A copy of the form
of affiliate pooling agreement is attached as Annex D to this proxy
statement/prospectus.

     This proxy statement/prospectus does not cover resales of Maxim shares to
be received by the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor in the merger, and no
person is authorized to make any use of this proxy statement/prospectus in
connection with any such resale.

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

     In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, Dallas
Semiconductor amended its rights agreement with Mellon Investors Services, LLC,
as rights agent, to provide that:

     - each of Maxim and MI Acquisition Sub is considered to be an "exempt
       person," as that term is defined in the rights agreement, solely for
       purposes of completing the specific transactions described in the merger
       agreement or the stock option agreement;

     - neither Maxim nor MI Acquisition Sub will become an "acquiring person,"
       as that term is defined in the rights agreement, solely as a result of
       the execution, delivery or performance of the merger agreement or the
       stock option agreement; and

     - neither the execution, delivery or performance of the merger agreement or
       the stock option agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions
       contemplated by the merger agreement or the stock option agreement, will
       give rise to a "distribution date," as defined in the rights agreement,
       nor entitle any rights holder to acquire any securities of Maxim or
       Dallas Semiconductor.

     Dallas Semiconductor has agreed that the rights agreement will be
terminated immediately prior to the effective time of the merger without any
consideration being payable with respect to any outstanding rights issued under
the rights agreement.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

     The following is a description of the material terms of the merger
agreement but does not purport to describe all the terms of the merger
agreement. The full text of the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and
the form of affiliate pooling agreement are attached as Annex A, Annex B and
Annex D to this proxy statement/prospectus and are incorporated in this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference. Dallas Semiconductor stockholders are urged
to read the merger agreement, the stock option agreement and the form of
affiliate pooling agreement in their entirety.

THE MERGER

     Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, MI Acquisition
Sub will merge with and into Dallas Semiconductor at the effective time of the
merger. The separate corporate existence of MI Acquisition Sub will cease.
Dallas Semiconductor will be the surviving corporation in the merger and will
continue its corporate existence as a wholly owned subsidiary of Maxim and will
continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

     Effective Time. Dallas Semiconductor, MI Acquisition Sub, and Maxim will
complete the merger by filing a certificate of merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware as soon as practicable following the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions to the merger. The date and time the certificate of
merger is filed or another later time specified in the certificate of merger is
the effective time of the merger.

     Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. The merger agreement provides that
the restated certificate of incorporation of Dallas Semiconductor will be the
certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation, and the bylaws of MI
Acquisition Sub will be the bylaws of the surviving corporation.

     Directors and Officers. The merger agreement provides that the directors of
MI Acquisition Sub immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, along
with Richard L. King and Carmelo J. Santoro, who are currently non-employee
directors of Dallas Semiconductor, will be the initial directors of the
surviving corporation, and that the officers of Dallas Semiconductor immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger will be the initial officers of the
surviving corporation.

CONVERSION OR CANCELLATION OF DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR SHARES AND OPTIONS IN THE
MERGER

     Conversion of Shares and Options. The merger agreement provides that, at
the effective time of the merger and without any action on the part of MI
Acquisition Sub, Dallas Semiconductor, or the holders of any of the securities
of Dallas Semiconductor:

     - each share of your Dallas Semiconductor common stock will be exchanged
       for a fraction of a share of Maxim common stock, as previously described
       in this proxy statement/prospectus;

     - all outstanding options to purchase Dallas Semiconductor common stock,
       whether vested or unvested, will be assumed by Maxim at the effective
       time of the merger. Each outstanding option will be subject to the same
       terms and conditions set forth in the option plan and form of option
       agreement under which it was issued, except that each outstanding option
       will be exercisable solely for that number of whole shares of Maxim
       common stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Dallas
       Semiconductor common stock for which the option was exercisable
       multiplied by the exchange ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole
       number of shares of Maxim common stock, and the per-share exercise price
       per share for the shares of Maxim common stock issuable upon exercise of
       the assumed option will be equal to the quotient determined by dividing
       the exercise price per share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock at
       which the option was exercisable immediately prior to the effective time
       of the merger by the exchange ratio and rounding the resulting exercise
       price up to the nearest whole cent; and

     - each share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock held in the treasury of
       Dallas Semiconductor or owned by Maxim or MI Acquisition Sub will be
       canceled and retired without any conversion or payment made with respect
       to such share.

     Fractional Shares. No fractional Maxim shares will be issued in the merger.
In place of any fractional Maxim shares, each holder of Dallas Semiconductor
shares who would otherwise have been entitled to a fraction of a Maxim share
will be paid an amount in cash, rounded down to the nearest cent and without
interest, equal to the product of the fractional part of a share of Maxim common
stock multiplied by the average closing price of Maxim common stock for the ten
consecutive trading days ending on the trading day that is two trading days
prior to the effective time of the merger.

     Exchange of Certificates in the Merger. Maxim will designate a bank or
trust company to act as transfer agent for Dallas Semiconductor stockholders to
receive the Maxim shares and any cash payable in place of any fractional
interests in Maxim shares to which Dallas Semiconductor stockholders become
entitled as provided in the merger agreement, and will deposit Maxim shares and
cash sufficient to make all required payments under the merger agreement with
the transfer agent. Promptly after the effective time of the merger, the
transfer agent will mail to each holder of record of certificates that
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger represented outstanding
shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock a letter of transmittal and
instructions for use in surrendering of certificates. We request that you not
surrender your certificates for exchange until you receive the letter of
transmittal and instructions. No dividends or other distributions declared or
made after the effective time of the merger with respect to Maxim shares will be
paid to the holder of record of any unsurrendered certificate. However, upon
surrender of the certificate, the holder of record will be paid, without
interest, any dividends or distributions with a record date after the effective
time but a payment date between the effective time of the merger and the time of
surrender. No transfers of shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock will be
made after the effective time of the merger.

NASDAQ LISTING

     Maxim has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Maxim
shares to be issued in the merger and upon exercise of the Dallas Semiconductor
options to be assumed by Maxim to be approved for listing on the Nasdaq National
Market, subject to official notice of issuance. This approval is a condition to
the obligations of the parties to complete the merger.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     Representations and Warranties by Dallas Semiconductor. The merger
agreement includes various representations and warranties by Dallas
Semiconductor to Maxim, including, among others, representations and warranties
as to:

     - corporate organization, good standing and power and authority of Dallas
       Semiconductor and its subsidiaries;

     - the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Dallas Semiconductor and
       its subsidiaries;

     - capitalization of Dallas Semiconductor and its subsidiaries;

     - power and authority of Dallas Semiconductor to execute and deliver the
       merger agreement and to perform its obligations under, and to complete
       the transactions contemplated by, the merger agreement, including
       approval of the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors;

     - no conflict of the merger with organizational documents, laws and orders,
       and required consents and authorizations of governmental entities and
       third parties;

     - material agreements;

     - compliance with applicable organizational documents, laws and agreements
       and possession and validity of necessary government permits;

     - Dallas Semiconductor's financial statements and reports filed with the
       SEC and compliance with SEC rules and regulations;

     - conduct by Dallas Semiconductor and its subsidiaries of business in the
       ordinary course and consistent with past practice since December 31, 2000
       and the absence of any event or development since that date which would
       reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Dallas
       Semiconductor or prevent or materially impair Dallas Semiconductor's
       performance under the merger agreement;

     - undisclosed liabilities;

     - litigation;

     - Dallas Semiconductor's employee benefit plans;

     - employment and labor matters;

     - accuracy of information in the registration statement and this proxy
       statement/prospectus;

     - tax matters;

     - environmental matters;

     - intellectual property matters;

     - insurance matters;

     - restrictions on the merger;

     - qualification of the merger as a pooling of interests;

     - qualification of the merger as a tax-free reorganization;

     - brokers and finders employed by Dallas Semiconductor;

     - interested party transactions;

     - opinion delivered by Dallas Semiconductor's financial advisor; and

     - amendment of Dallas Semiconductor's rights plan so that the merger will
       not trigger the rights under the rights plan and that the rights plan
       will terminate immediately prior to the effective time of the merger.

     Representations and Warranties by Maxim and MI Acquisition Sub. The merger
agreement also includes various representations and warranties by Maxim and MI
Acquisition Sub to Dallas Semiconductor, including, among others,
representations and warranties as to:

     - corporate organization, good standing and power and authority of Maxim
       and MI Acquisition Sub;

     - the certificates of incorporation and bylaws of Maxim and MI Acquisition
       Sub;

     - capitalization of Maxim and MI Acquisition Sub;

     - power and authority of Maxim and MI Acquisition Sub to execute and
       deliver the merger agreement and to perform their obligations under, and
       to complete the transactions contemplated by, the merger agreement;

     - no conflict of the merger with organizational documents, laws and orders
       and required consents and authorizations of governmental entities and
       third parties;

     - compliance with applicable organizational documents, laws and agreements
       and possession and validity of necessary government permits;

     - Maxim's financial statements and reports filed with the SEC and
       compliance with SEC rules and regulations;

     - conduct by Maxim and its subsidiaries of business in the ordinary course
       and consistent with past practice since September 30, 2000 and the
       absence since that date of any event or development which would
       reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Maxim or
       materially impair Maxim's performance under the merger agreement;

     - undisclosed liabilities;

     - litigation;

     - environmental matters;

     - accuracy of information in the registration statement and this proxy
       statement/prospectus;

     - brokers and finders employed by Maxim;

     - qualification of the merger as a pooling of interests;

     - tax matters; and

     - intellectual property matters.

CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

     Conduct of Business of Dallas Semiconductor Pending the Merger. Dallas
Semiconductor has agreed to conduct its business in the ordinary course
consistent with past practice and to use its reasonable best efforts to preserve
substantially intact its business organization, and to keep available the
services of its current officers, consultants and employees and to preserve its
current relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees and others
having significant business relations with Dallas Semiconductor. Dallas
Semiconductor has agreed that, with certain exceptions, it will not do, and will
not permit any of its subsidiaries to do, any of the following without the prior
written consent of Maxim, which consent, in certain instances, cannot be
unreasonably withheld or delayed:

     - amend its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or equivalent
       organizational documents;

     - issue any shares of capital stock, or any options or other rights to
       acquire any shares of capital stock in Dallas Semiconductor or any of its
       subsidiaries;

     - other than regular quarterly dividends of $0.0325 per share in accordance
       with past practice, declare or pay any dividend in respect of Dallas
       Semiconductor's capital stock;

     - split, combine or reclassify any of Dallas Semiconductor's capital stock;

     - amend the terms of or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit
       any subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any Dallas
       Semiconductor securities or any securities of its subsidiaries;

     - sell, transfer or encumber any of the assets of Dallas Semiconductor or
       any of its subsidiaries, other than in the ordinary course of business;

     - acquire any corporation or other entity or any business organization or
       division;

     - incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or assume or guarantee the
       obligations of any person;

     - make any loans or enter into any financial commitments, other than in the
       ordinary course of business;

     - make any material capital expenditures, other than in the ordinary course
       of business;

     - hire or terminate any employee or consultant, other than in the ordinary
       course of business;

     - increase the compensation or fringe benefits payable to directors or
       officers or increase the salary or wages of employees who are not
       officers, other than in the ordinary course of business;

     - make any loans to, or grant any bonus, severance or termination pay not
       required under existing severance plans to, or enter into any employment
       or severance agreements with, any director, officer or other employee or
       establish or amend any employee benefit program;

     - change any accounting policies or procedures;

     - enter into, modify or terminate material agreements within certain
       specified limits;

     - make or change any material tax election, other than an election in the
       ordinary course of business, file any amended tax return, settle or
       compromise any income tax liability, agree to an extension of a statute
       of limitations, enter into any closing agreement relating to any tax or
       surrender any right to claim a tax refund;

     - settle any litigation for a cost of more than $250,000 or that would
       impose any injunctive or similar order on Dallas Semiconductor or any of
       its subsidiaries;

     - pay, discharge or satisfy any liabilities or obligations, other than in
       the ordinary course of business;

     - engage in or amend any transaction with any of the directors or other
       affiliates of Dallas Semiconductor or its subsidiaries or any of their
       affiliates or family members; or

     - fail to use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain its
       insurance.

     Conduct of Business of Maxim Pending the Merger. Maxim has agreed to
conduct and cause the business of each of its subsidiaries to be conducted only
in the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice
and in compliance with applicable laws. Maxim has agreed not to declare or pay
any dividend or split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock prior to
the effective time of the merger without the prior written consent of Dallas
Semiconductor.

NON-SOLICITATION COVENANT

     The merger agreement provides that neither Dallas Semiconductor nor any of
its affiliates, including their directors, officers, employees, representatives
or agents, will, directly or indirectly:

     - solicit, facilitate, initiate, entertain, knowingly encourage or take any
       action to solicit, facilitate, initiate, entertain or knowingly
       encourage, any inquiries or communications or the making of any proposal
       or offer that constitutes or may constitute an Acquisition Proposal; or

     - participate or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, or provide
       any information to or take any other action with the intent to facilitate
       the efforts of, any person concerning any possible Acquisition Proposal
       or any inquiry or communication that might reasonably be expected to
       result in an Acquisition Proposal.

     However, Dallas Semiconductor may comply with its obligations under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, Dallas Semiconductor may engage in
discussions or negotiations with, or provide information to, any person in
response to an unsolicited bona fide written Acquisition Proposal by that
person, to the extent that:

     - the terms of the non-solicitation covenant have not been violated;

     - the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors by majority vote concludes,
       in good faith, after consultation with its outside counsel, that such
       action is necessary in order to fulfill its fiduciary duties under
       applicable law, and provides prior written notice to Maxim of its
       decision to so engage or provide information; and

     - prior to providing any information or data to that person, the Dallas
       Semiconductor board of directors receives an executed confidentiality
       agreement from that person on terms no less favorable to Dallas
       Semiconductor than those in place with Maxim.

     The Dallas Semiconductor board of directors will promptly notify Maxim of
any such proposal, including the name of the person and the material terms and
conditions of any proposals or offers. Dallas

Semiconductor will keep Maxim informed, on a current basis, of the status and
terms of any proposals or offers and the status of any such discussions or
negotiations.

     "Acquisition Proposal" means any inquiry, proposal or offer relating to:

     - any merger, consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation or other direct
       or indirect business combination involving Dallas Semiconductor or any
       material subsidiary; or

     - the issuance or acquisition of shares of capital stock or other equity
       securities of Dallas Semiconductor or any material subsidiary
       representing 15% or more of the outstanding capital stock of Dallas
       Semiconductor or such material subsidiary or any tender or exchange offer
       that, if consummated, would result in any person beneficially owning
       shares of capital stock or other equity securities of Dallas
       Semiconductor or any material subsidiary representing 15% or more of the
       outstanding capital stock of Dallas Semiconductor or such material
       subsidiary, or the sale, lease, exchange, license, or other disposition
       of any significant portion of the business or assets of Dallas
       Semiconductor or any material subsidiary.

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

     Stockholders' Meeting. Dallas Semiconductor's board of directors has agreed
to recommend that its stockholders approve the merger agreement and the merger
and to take all reasonable and lawful action to solicit and obtain stockholder
approval. The Dallas Semiconductor board of directors may withdraw or modify its
recommendation of the merger in a manner adverse to Maxim only if:

     - Dallas Semiconductor receives a Superior Proposal; and

     - Dallas Semiconductor has notified Maxim of the Superior Proposal at least
       two business days in advance of Dallas Semiconductor's intention to
       effect the withdrawal or modification.

     "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide Acquisition Proposal which Dallas
Semiconductor's board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation
with its outside counsel and investment advisors, taking into account all
relevant factors, to be more favorable to the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders
than the merger with Maxim.

     Access to Information; Confidentiality. Dallas Semiconductor will provide
Maxim and its representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to
all of Dallas Semiconductor's properties, books, contracts, commitments and
records, and will give Maxim all information concerning its business,
properties, books, contracts, commitments, records and personnel as Maxim may
reasonably request. In addition, Dallas Semiconductor will make available to
Maxim appropriate individuals for discussion of the business, properties and
personnel of Dallas Semiconductor as Maxim may reasonably request. Maxim will
keep all such information confidential. All requests for access will be
requested through and coordinated with Messrs. Alan Hale and M.D. Sampels.

     Reasonable Best Efforts. Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor will each use
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do, or
cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other party in doing, all
things necessary to consummate the merger. Maxim will not be required to take
any action to obtain antitrust clearance that might result in a limitation of
the benefit expected to be derived by Maxim as a result of the merger or might
adversely affect Dallas Semiconductor or Maxim.

     Employee Benefits. For five years following the merger, no salaried
employee of Dallas Semiconductor will be terminated without 90 days notice.
After the merger, employees of Dallas Semiconductor at the effective time of the
merger will be eligible to participate in the employee benefit plans of Maxim to
the same extent as any similarly situated employee of Maxim located in the same
country, except to the extent that the on-site management of the surviving
corporation determines to provide such employees the same benefits that they
currently have.

     Employees will be allowed credit for their service with Dallas
Semiconductor and its subsidiaries for purposes of vesting and participation
only with respect to the employee benefit plans in which those

employees are entitled to participate following the effective time of the
merger. Maxim has agreed that, after the effective time of the merger, Dallas
Semiconductor's employees may participate in the employee stock purchase plan
sponsored by Maxim, subject to the terms and conditions of Maxim's employee
stock purchase plan, and service with Dallas Semiconductor will be treated as
service with Maxim for determining eligibility of Dallas Semiconductor's
employees under Maxim's employee stock purchase plan.

     Dallas Semiconductor will terminate its 401(k) plan, effective as of the
day immediately preceding the effective time of the merger, unless Maxim
provides written notice to Dallas Semiconductor prior to the effective time of
the merger that the 401(k) plan will not be terminated. Employees will be
eligible to participate in a 401(k) plan sponsored by Maxim.

     Pooling; Reorganization. Neither Maxim nor Dallas Semiconductor will take
any action that could prevent the merger from being treated for financial
accounting purposes as a pooling of interests, and each of Maxim and Dallas
Semiconductor will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain an executed
affiliate pooling agreement from its respective affiliates regarding compliance
with Rule 145 under the Securities Act and the requirements for pooling of
interests accounting treatment.

     Notification of Certain Matters

     - Each of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim must promptly notify the other if
       any representation or warranty made by that party in the merger agreement
       becomes untrue in any material respect and of any failure by that party
       to satisfy in any material respect any condition or agreement under the
       merger agreement.

     - Each of Dallas Semiconductor and Maxim must give the other prompt notice
       of any communication from a person alleging that this person's consent is
       required in connection with the merger, any communication from any
       governmental authority in connection with the merger, any litigation that
       relates to the merger and any change that could reasonably be expected to
       have a material adverse effect on the ability of either Maxim or Dallas
       Semiconductor to consummate the merger.

     - Dallas Semiconductor must notify Maxim within one business day of any
       indication it receives from any engineer or key employee that he or she
       may terminate his or her employment with Dallas Semiconductor.

     Listing on the Nasdaq National Market. Maxim will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause the Maxim common stock to be issued in the merger and upon
exercise of the Dallas Semiconductor options to be assumed in the merger to be
approved for listing on the Nasdaq National Market.

     Public Announcements. Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor will consult with, and
obtain the approval of, the other party before issuing any press release or
other public announcement with respect to the merger or the merger agreement.

     Takeover Laws. Dallas Semiconductor and the Dallas Semiconductor board of
directors will take all necessary actions to eliminate or minimize the effects
of any form of anti-takeover statute, regulation, charter provision or contract
that becomes applicable to the merger, the merger agreement or the stock option
agreement.

     Directors and Officers Indemnification and Insurance. For six years after
the effective time of the merger, Maxim will cause Dallas Semiconductor to
continue to indemnify Dallas Semiconductor's directors and officers for actions
and omissions made in their official capacities and occurring prior to the
effective time of the merger. For six years after the merger, Maxim will cause
Dallas Semiconductor to maintain in effect the amount of coverage provided under
Dallas Semiconductor's directors' and officers' liability insurance policies
with respect to matters occurring before the merger, provided that the cost of
such insurance does not exceed 150% of the most recent annual premium paid by
Dallas Semiconductor. In the event the premium exceeds that amount, Maxim must
cause Dallas Semiconductor to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage
reasonably available for a cost not exceeding such amount. Maxim

unconditionally guarantees these obligations to the extent that they are not
satisfied by Dallas Semiconductor as the surviving corporation or by its
directors' and officers' liability coverage.

     Rights Agreement. The Dallas Semiconductor board of directors will take all
action necessary in order to render its rights agreement inapplicable to the
merger, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the stock
option agreement and will not take any action under the rights agreement to
facilitate an Acquisition Proposal.

     Section 16 of Securities Exchange Act. The boards of directors of Maxim
and/or Dallas Semiconductor, as applicable, will adopt a resolution so that the
assumption of outstanding employee options held by Dallas Semiconductor insiders
and the receipt by Dallas Semiconductor insiders of Maxim common stock in
exchange for Dallas Semiconductor common stock pursuant to the merger will be
exempt transactions for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act.

     Maxim Board Seat. When the merger is completed, the number of directors on
Maxim's board of directors will be increased by one and M.D. Sampels, currently
a director of Dallas Semiconductor, will be elected to serve as a director on
Maxim's board of directors until the next annual stockholders' meeting of Maxim
or such time as his successor will have been duly elected or appointed and
qualified.

CONDITIONS TO THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER

     Each party's obligation to effect the merger is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of various conditions, which include the following:

     - the registration statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy
       statement/prospectus is a part, will have been declared effective by the
       SEC and no stop order suspending its effectiveness will have been issued;

     - the merger agreement will have been approved and adopted by the
       affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and
       outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock;

     - the shares of Maxim common stock issuable to Dallas Semiconductor
       stockholders will have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq National
       Market, subject to official notice of issuance;

     - all applicable waiting periods or approvals under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
       Act and foreign competition laws will have expired, been terminated or
       been received;

     - no laws and no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
       injunction, or other order issued by any court or other governmental
       entity will be in effect that would make the merger illegal or would
       otherwise prohibit the consummation of the merger on substantially the
       same terms as contemplated in the merger agreement;

     - the representations and warranties of the other party contained in the
       merger agreement which are qualified as to material adverse effect will
       be true in all respects and the representations and warranties which are
       not qualified as to material adverse effect will be true in all respects,
       except where the failure in any case to be true would not, individually
       or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse
       effect;

     - the other party will have performed its agreements required by the merger
       agreement and the stock option agreement on or before the closing of the
       merger, except where failure to perform will not result in any material
       effect that is adverse to either Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor;

     - as to Maxim only, Maxim will have received evidence that all necessary
       approvals of governmental authorities and other third parties have been
       obtained, except where failure to obtain the approvals would not result
       in a material adverse effect;

     - as to Maxim only, Maxim will have received a letter from Maxim's
       independent auditors regarding their concurrence with Maxim management's
       conclusions that the merger will qualify for pooling of interests
       accounting;

     - as to Maxim only, each person required to execute a Dallas Semiconductor
       affiliate pooling agreement will have done so;

     - as to Maxim only, the change in control agreements of each of Messrs.
       Alan P. Hale, Michael L. Bolan and Chao C. Mai will be amended in the
       manner provided in the merger agreement to reduce the amounts payable to
       them upon consummation of the merger and to provide for a payment to them
       in consideration for their continued services to the surviving
       corporation with certain qualifications;

     - as to Dallas Semiconductor only, Dallas Semiconductor will have received
       a written opinion of Jenkens & Gilchrist, its legal counsel, to the
       effect that the merger will constitute a reorganization within the
       meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code; and

     - as to Dallas Semiconductor only, Maxim will have made arrangements for
       the payment at the effective time of the merger of certain agreed upon
       obligations to the extent not satisfied by Dallas Semiconductor prior to
       the effective time of the merger.

TERMINATION

     The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger abandoned at any time
by either Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor, whether before or after the special
meeting, if:

     - Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor mutually agree to terminate the merger
       agreement;

     - the merger is not completed by June 30, 2001, other than as a result of
       the failure by the party proposing to terminate the merger agreement to
       perform its obligations;

     - a final and nonappealable order is entered enjoining or prohibiting the
       completion of the merger;

     - the Dallas Semiconductor stockholders fail to approve the merger
       agreement at the special meeting; or

     - the other party materially breaches its representations or agreements so
       that a closing condition would not be satisfied and the breach remains
       uncured 30 days following notice.

     In addition, Maxim may terminate the merger agreement if:

     - the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors withdraws or modifies in an
       adverse manner its recommendation of the merger or approves or recommends
       another Acquisition Proposal;

     - Dallas Semiconductor breaches in any material respect the
       non-solicitation covenant;

     - Dallas Semiconductor fails to mail this proxy statement/prospectus or
       fails to include in this proxy statement/prospectus the approval and
       recommendation of its board of directors;

     - the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors fails to publicly reaffirm
       its approval and recommendation of the merger after a written request
       from Maxim to do so following the announcement of another Acquisition
       Proposal; or

     - any third party acquires beneficial ownership of or the right to acquire
       15% or more of the outstanding shares of Dallas Semiconductor common
       stock.

     Effect of Termination. The merger agreement provides that, upon
termination, the merger agreement will become void, other than those sections of
the merger agreement that expressly survive the termination, and neither Maxim
nor Dallas Semiconductor will have any liability to the other except for any
termination fee that may become payable by Dallas Semiconductor and except that
no party will be relieved from liability for any breach of the merger agreement
prior to its termination.

TERMINATION FEE

     Dallas Semiconductor will pay to Maxim a $75 million termination fee if any
of the following events occur:

     - Maxim terminates the merger agreement due to:

       - the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors withdrawing or modifying in
         an adverse manner its recommendation of the merger or approving or
         recommending another Acquisition Proposal;

       - Dallas Semiconductor's material breach of the non-solicitation
         covenant;

       - Dallas Semiconductor's failure to mail the proxy statement/prospectus
         or failure to include in the proxy statement/prospectus the approval
         and recommendation of its board of directors; or

       - the Dallas Semiconductor board of director's failure to publicly
         reaffirm its approval and recommendation after a written request from
         Maxim to do so following the announcement of another Acquisition
         Proposal.

     - While an Acquisition Proposal for Dallas Semiconductor has been publicly
       announced or communicated to the Dallas Semiconductor board of directors,
       the merger agreement is terminated due to the material breach of the
       merger agreement by Dallas Semiconductor, the failure to obtain the
       Dallas Semiconductor stockholder approval or the acquisition by any third
       party of beneficial ownership of or the right to acquire 15% or more of
       the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of
       Dallas Semiconductor, and within 12 months after such termination, Dallas
       Semiconductor enters into an agreement with respect to an alternative
       Acquisition Proposal or consummates an alternative Acquisition Proposal.

AMENDMENT; WAIVER

     The merger agreement may be amended by written agreement of Maxim and
Dallas Semiconductor at any time prior to the effective time of the merger,
except that after approval of the merger by the Dallas Semiconductor
stockholders, no amendment may be made that would reduce the amount or change
the type of consideration into which each share of Dallas Semiconductor common
stock shall be converted on consummation of the merger.

     The merger agreement provides that any party to the merger agreement may:
(1) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts
of the other parties to the merger agreement; (2) waive any inaccuracies in the
representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement; and (3) waive
compliance with any of the agreements and conditions contained in the merger
agreement.

                        AGREEMENTS RELATED TO THE MERGER

     This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes the stock option
agreement entered into by Dallas Semiconductor in connection with the merger
agreement and the affiliate pooling agreements entered into, or to be entered
into, between Dallas Semiconductor and its affiliates. The stock option
agreement and the form of affiliate pooling agreement are attached at Annex B
and Annex D. While we believe that this description covers the material terms of
these agreements, this summary may not contain all of the information that is
important to you. We encourage you to read these agreements in their entirety.

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

     In connection with the merger agreement, Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor
entered into a stock option agreement under which Dallas Semiconductor granted
to Maxim an irrevocable option to purchase, in whole or in part, an aggregate of
up to 9,259,002 shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock at a price of
$26.8125 per share, exercisable as described below.

When the Option May Be Exercised

     Maxim may exercise the option at any time following the date on which it
becomes entitled to receive a termination fee of $75 million under the merger
agreement. The right of Maxim to exercise the option expires on the first to
occur of:

     - the completion of the merger;

     - twelve months following the date on which the option first became
       exercisable;

     - written notice of termination of the stock option agreement by Maxim; or

     - the termination of the merger agreement, as long as no event has occurred
       or could occur during a specified future period that would entitle Maxim
       to a termination fee under the merger agreement, in which case the option
       shall not expire until the earlier to occur of (1) 15 business days from
       the date on which the termination fee under the merger agreement becomes
       unconditionally payable and (2) the expiration of such future period.

Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization and Substitute Option

     The number and kind of securities subject to the stock option agreement and
the exercise price will be adjusted for any change in the number of issued and
outstanding shares of common stock or other change in capitalization of Dallas
Semiconductor. Accordingly, Maxim will receive, upon exercise of the option, the
number and class of shares or other securities or property that Maxim would have
received if the option had been exercised immediately before the event or record
date for the event, as applicable. In addition, if additional shares of common
stock of Dallas Semiconductor become outstanding after January 28, 2001, the
total number of shares of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock subject to the
option will be automatically increased to 14.9% of its issued and outstanding
common stock, excluding any shares previously issued upon exercise of the
option.

     In the event that Dallas Semiconductor enters into any agreement:

     - to consolidate with or merge into any person other than Maxim, and Dallas
       Semiconductor will not be the continuing or surviving corporation in the
       consolidation or merger;

     - to permit any person, other than Maxim, to merge into Dallas
       Semiconductor in a transaction in which the outstanding shares of common
       stock of Dallas Semiconductor will be changed into cash, securities or
       any other property;

     - to enter into any merger with or into any person in which the outstanding
       shares of common stock of Dallas Semiconductor will, after the merger,
       represent less than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the
       merged company; or

     - to sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to
       any person other than Maxim;

then, in each case, the agreement governing the transaction must contain a
provision that the option granted under the stock option agreement will upon
completion of the transaction be converted into a substitute option with
substantially identical terms.

Repurchase at the Option of Maxim

     After the option becomes exercisable, Maxim has the right to require Dallas
Semiconductor to repurchase the option, in whole or in part, and any shares
acquired upon exercise of the option at any time. The repurchase price for any
such repurchase will equal:

     - the excess of the market/offer price referred to below over the exercise
       price times the number of shares with respect to which the option has not
       been exercised; and

     - the market/offer price multiplied by the number of shares purchased by
       Maxim upon exercise of the option.

     The term "market/offer price" is defined in the stock option agreement to
mean the highest of:

     - the highest price per share at which a tender offer or exchange offer for
       Dallas Semiconductor's common stock has been made; or

     - the highest closing price for shares of Dallas Semiconductor's common
       stock for the six months prior to the exercise of the repurchase right by
       Maxim.

Repurchase at the Option of Dallas Semiconductor

     If Maxim has purchased shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock pursuant
to the stock option agreement, then Dallas Semiconductor may, between six and
twelve months after the option originally became exercisable, repurchase those
shares. The repurchase price for any such purchase will equal the number of
shares to be repurchased multiplied by the market/offer price referred to above.

Right of First Refusal

     The stock option agreement provides that Dallas Semiconductor shall have a
right of first refusal with respect to any significant sale by Maxim of shares
of Dallas Semiconductor's common stock purchased by Maxim pursuant to the stock
option agreement, other than sales to Maxim's affiliates or in registered
offerings.

Registration Rights

     The stock option agreement provides Maxim demand and piggyback registration
rights with respect to all shares purchased by Maxim under the stock option
agreement.

Profit Limitation

     The stock option agreement provides that in no event will the actual or
imputed profit made by Maxim on the actual or hypothetical disposition of the
shares of common stock of Dallas Semiconductor for which the option is
exercisable, together with any termination fees paid to Maxim under the merger
agreement, exceed, in the aggregate, $75 million.

     In addition, the option may not be exercised for a number of shares that
would result in a "notional total profit," as defined below, together with any
termination fees paid to Maxim under the merger agreement, of more than $75
million. If exercise of the option would otherwise result in the notional total
profit exceeding that amount, Maxim, in its discretion, may take any of several
actions so that the notional total profit does not exceed $75 million.

     For purposes of the stock option agreement, "total profit" means the
aggregate amount, before taxes, of:

     - any amounts received by Maxim upon repurchase of the option by Dallas
       Semiconductor;

     - the excess of (1) amounts received by Maxim upon repurchase by Dallas
       Semiconductor of shares of its common stock purchased by Maxim under the
       stock option agreement over (2) the exercise price paid for such shares
       by Maxim; and

     - the excess of (1) the net cash received by Maxim for third-party, arm's
       length sales of Dallas Semiconductor common stock purchased by Maxim
       under the stock option agreement over (2) the exercise price paid for
       such shares of Dallas Semiconductor common stock.

     For purposes of the stock option agreement, "notional total profit" with
respect to any number of shares Maxim proposes to purchase under the option
means the total profit on the proposed purchase date assuming that those shares
were purchased and, together with all other shares received upon exercise of the
option and held by Maxim and its affiliates as of that date, were sold for cash
at the closing market price for Dallas Semiconductor's common stock as of the
close of business on the preceding trading day, less customary brokerage
commissions.

Assignment

     The stock option agreement may not be assigned by either of the parties
without the prior written consent of the other party.

Effect of Stock Option Agreement

     The stock option agreement is intended to increase the likelihood that the
merger will be completed on the terms set forth in the merger agreement and to
compensate Maxim for the efforts undertaken and the expenses and losses incurred
by it if the merger is not completed. The stock option, if exercised, may
prevent a third party from completing a pooling of interests transaction with
Dallas Semiconductor for a period of two years and could make any business
combination with a third party more expensive than would otherwise be the case.

     Consequently, the stock option agreement may discourage persons who might
be interested in acquiring all or a significant interest in Dallas Semiconductor
before completion of the merger from considering or proposing an acquisition,
even if those persons were prepared to offer higher consideration per share of
Dallas Semiconductor common stock than the consideration implicit in the merger.

AFFILIATE POOLING AGREEMENT

     In connection with the merger, each of Dallas Semiconductor's affiliates
has executed an affiliate pooling agreement. Under these agreements Dallas
Semiconductor affiliates have agreed not to make any sale or transfer of either
Dallas Semiconductor common stock or Maxim common stock that would cause the
merger not to be treated as a pooling of interests in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and the regulations of the SEC.

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The following unaudited pro forma combined financial statements give effect
to the proposed merger of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor on a pooling of
interests basis. The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are based
on the respective historical consolidated financial statements and the
accompanying notes of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, which are incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited pro forma combined
balance sheet assumes that the merger took place on December 30, 2000 and
combines Maxim's December 30, 2000 unaudited consolidated balance sheet with
Dallas Semiconductor's December 31, 2000 consolidated balance sheet. The
unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations assume that the merger
took place as of the beginning of the periods presented. Maxim's unaudited
consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended December 30, 2000
has been combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited consolidated statement
of operations for the six months ended December 31, 2000. Maxim's consolidated
statement of operations for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2000 has been
combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited consolidated statement of
operations for the twelve months ended July 2, 2000. This combining methodology
includes the last two reported quarters of Dallas Semiconductor's fiscal year
ended January 2, 2000 and the first two reported quarters of its fiscal year
ended December 31, 2000. Maxim's consolidated statements of operations for the
fiscal years ended June 26, 1999 and June 27, 1998 have been combined with
Dallas Semiconductor's consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal
years ended January 2, 2000 and January 3, 1999, respectively. This presentation
has the effect of including Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited results of
operations for the six-month period ended January 2, 2000 in both the fiscal
year ended January 2, 2000 and the twelve-month period ended July 2, 2000
included in the unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations. The
periods combined for purposes of presenting the unaudited pro forma combined
statements of operations are not necessarily indicative of the periods expected
to be combined after the date of the closing of the merger.

     The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements are based on the
estimates and assumptions set forth in the notes to such statements. The pro
forma adjustments made in connection with the development of the pro forma
information are preliminary and have been made solely for purposes of developing
such pro forma information for illustrative purposes necessary to comply with
the disclosure requirements of the SEC. The unaudited pro forma combined
financial statements do not purport to be indicative of the results of
operations for future periods or the combined financial position or the results
that actually would have been realized had the entities been a single entity
during these periods.

     Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor estimate that they will incur direct
transaction costs of approximately $25.1 million associated with the merger,
which are expected to be charged to operations in the fiscal quarter in which
the merger is consummated. There can be no assurance that Maxim will not incur
additional charges in subsequent quarters to reflect costs associated with the
merger.

     These unaudited pro forma combined financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and the
related notes thereto of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, which are incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.

                         MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

                                                              DALLAS
                                           MAXIM           SEMICONDUCTOR      PRO FORMA         PRO FORMA
                                     DECEMBER 30, 2000   DECEMBER 31, 2000   ADJUSTMENTS*        COMBINED
                                     -----------------   -----------------   ------------       ----------

ASSETS
Current Assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents........     $   59,702           $ 29,160          $                $   88,862
  Short-term investments...........        697,569            223,435                              921,004
  Accounts receivable, net.........        127,420             81,673                              209,093
  Inventories......................         63,451             81,084                              144,535
  Deferred tax assets..............         51,393             24,166             8,693(3,6)        84,252
  Income tax refund receivable.....          6,500                 --                                6,500
  Other current assets.............          5,231              8,357                               13,588
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total current assets..........      1,011,266            447,875             8,693          1,467,834
Property, plant and equipment
  net..............................        486,534            266,646                              753,180
Other assets.......................          6,214             13,831                               20,045
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total assets..................     $1,504,014           $728,352          $  8,693         $2,241,059
                                        ==========           ========          ========         ==========
LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable.................     $   81,197           $ 56,150          $                $  137,347
  Income taxes payable.............          8,555              4,488                               13,043
  Accrued salaries.................         42,719             25,103            (1,012)(3)         66,810
  Accrued expenses.................         73,195             27,044            17,737(2)         117,976
  Deferred income on shipments to
     distributors..................         24,904                 --            21,280(3)          46,184
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total current liabilities.....        230,570            112,785            38,005            381,360
Deferred tax liabilities...........         19,500                 --             1,194(6)          20,694
Other liabilities..................          4,000                 --                --              4,000
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total liabilities.............        254,070            112,785            39,199            406,054
Stockholders' equity
  Preferred stock..................             --                 --                --                 --
  Common stock (Maxim: 285,642,300
     shares; Dallas Semiconductor:
     60,850,353 shares; 323,746,791
     shares on a pro forma combined
     basis)........................            286              1,243            (1,205)(4)            324
  Additional paid-in capital.......         30,103            201,618           (33,889)(4,5)      197,832
  Treasury stock, shares at cost...             --            (35,094)           35,094(5)              --
  Retained earnings................      1,221,025            446,423           (30,506)(2,3)    1,636,942
  Accumulated other comprehensive
     income........................         (1,470)             1,377                                  (93)
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total stockholders' equity....      1,249,944            615,567           (30,506)         1,835,005
                                        ----------           --------          --------         ----------
     Total liabilities &
       stockholders' equity........     $1,504,014           $728,352          $  8,693         $2,241,059
                                        ==========           ========          ========         ==========

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

                         MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                 DALLAS
                                              MAXIM           SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        SIX MONTHS ENDED    SIX MONTHS ENDED     PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                        DECEMBER 30, 2000   DECEMBER 31, 2000   ADJUSTMENTS*     COMBINED
                                        -----------------   -----------------   ------------     ---------

Net sales.............................      $590,199            $269,595          $   (370)(3)   $859,424
Cost of goods sold....................       173,789             129,172              (134)(3)    302,827
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
Gross margin..........................       416,410             140,423              (236)       556,597
Operating expenses:
  Research and development............        97,997              35,226                --        133,223
  Selling, general and
     administrative...................        47,867              41,229               (18)(3)     89,078
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
     Total operating expenses.........       145,864              76,455               (18)       222,301
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
Income from operations................       270,546              63,968              (218)       334,296
Interest income and other, net........        20,924               8,554                --         29,478
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
Income before income taxes............       291,470              72,522              (218)       363,774
Provision for income taxes............        99,100              23,205               (81)(6)    122,224
                                            --------            --------          --------       --------
Net income............................      $192,370            $ 49,317          $   (137)      $241,550
                                            ========            ========          ========       ========
Net income per common share:
  Basic...............................      $   0.68            $   0.81                         $   0.75
  Diluted.............................      $   0.60            $   0.77                         $   0.67
Shares used in the calculation of net
  income per share:
  Basic...............................       284,274              60,545           (22,632)(7)    322,187
  Diluted.............................       321,298              64,053           (23,943)(7)    361,408
Dividends declared per share..........      $     --            $  0.065                         $  0.012

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

                         MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                                 DALLAS
                                            MAXIM            SEMICONDUCTOR
                                         FISCAL YEAR         TWELVE MONTHS       PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                     ENDED JUNE 24, 2000   ENDED JULY 2, 2000   ADJUSTMENTS*      COMBINED
                                     -------------------   ------------------   ------------     ----------

Net sales..........................       $864,924              $456,009          $(9,698)(3)    $1,311,235
Cost of goods sold.................        260,171               219,256           (4,623)(3)       474,804
                                          --------              --------          -------        ----------
Gross margin.......................        604,753               236,753           (5,075)          836,431
Operating expenses:
  Research and development.........        142,279                56,848               --           199,127
  Selling, general and
     administrative................         77,082                69,414             (485)(3)       146,011
                                          --------              --------          -------        ----------
     Total operating expenses......        219,361               126,262             (485)          345,138
                                          --------              --------          -------        ----------
Income from operations.............        385,392               110,491           (4,590)          491,293
Interest income and other, net.....         39,789                12,024               --            51,813
                                          --------              --------          -------        ----------
Income before income taxes.........        425,181               122,515           (4,590)          543,106
Provision for income taxes.........        144,562                39,275           (1,697)(6)       182,140
                                          --------              --------          -------        ----------
Net income.........................       $280,619              $ 83,240          $(2,893)       $  360,966
                                          ========              ========          =======        ==========
Net income per common share:
  Basic............................       $   1.01              $   1.41                         $     1.15
  Diluted..........................       $   0.88              $   1.32                         $     1.01
Shares used in the calculation of
  net income per share:
  Basic............................        277,640                59,119          (22,099)(7)       314,660
  Diluted..........................        317,832                63,193          (23,622)(7)       357,403
Dividends declared per share.......       $     --              $  0.115                         $    0.022

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

                         MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                               DALLAS
                                          MAXIM             SEMICONDUCTOR
                                       FISCAL YEAR        FISCAL YEAR ENDED     PRO FORMA       PRO FORMA
                                   ENDED JUNE 26, 1999     JANUARY 2, 2000     ADJUSTMENTS*      COMBINED
                                   -------------------   -------------------   ------------     ----------

Net sales........................       $606,965              $390,207           $  3,443(3)    $1,000,615
Cost of goods sold...............        189,673               188,650              1,658(3)       379,981
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
Gross margin.....................        417,292               201,557              1,785          620,634
Operating expenses:
  Research and development.......         88,249                50,354                 --          138,603
  Selling, general and
     administrative..............         52,275                61,259                172(3)       113,706
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
     Total operating expenses....        140,524               111,613                172          252,309
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
Income from operations...........        276,768                89,944              1,613          368,325
Interest income and other, net...         20,386                 9,717                 --           30,103
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
Income before income taxes.......        297,154                99,661              1,613          398,428
Provision for income taxes.......        101,032                31,323                597(6)       132,952
                                        --------              --------           --------       ----------
Net income.......................       $196,122              $ 68,338           $  1,016       $  265,476
                                        ========              ========           ========       ==========
Net income per common share:
  Basic..........................       $   0.74              $   1.18                          $     0.88
  Diluted........................       $   0.64              $   1.11                          $     0.77
Shares used in the calculation of
  net income per share:
  Basic..........................        265,444                57,704            (21,570)(7)      301,578
  Diluted........................        304,118                61,768            (23,089)(7)      342,797
Dividends declared per share.....       $     --              $  0.100                          $    0.019

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

                         MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

             UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

                                                               DALLAS
                                          MAXIM             SEMICONDUCTOR
                                       FISCAL YEAR        FISCAL YEAR ENDED     PRO FORMA        PRO FORMA
                                   ENDED JUNE 27, 1998     JANUARY 3, 1999     ADJUSTMENTS*      COMBINED
                                   -------------------   -------------------   ------------      ---------

Net sales........................       $560,220              $341,333           $  1,486(3)     $903,039
Cost of goods sold...............        183,724               162,418                703(3)      346,845
                                        --------              --------           --------        --------
Gross margin.....................        376,496               178,915                783         556,194
Operating expenses:
  Research and development.......         72,204                47,452                 --         119,656
  Selling, general and
     administrative..............         49,256                56,523                 75(3)      105,854
                                        --------              --------           --------        --------
     Total operating expenses....        121,460               103,975                 75         225,510
                                        --------              --------                           --------
Income from operations...........        255,036                74,940                708         330,684
Interest income and other, net...         14,879                 6,390                 --          21,269
                                        --------              --------           --------        --------
Income before income taxes.......        269,915                81,330                708         351,953
Provision for income taxes.......         91,771                25,920                262(6)      117,953
                                        --------              --------           --------        --------
Net income.......................       $178,144              $ 55,410           $    446        $234,000
                                        ========              ========           ========        ========
Net income per common share:
  Basic..........................       $   0.69              $   0.99                           $   0.79
  Diluted........................       $   0.59              $   0.93                           $   0.69
Shares used in the calculation of
  net income per share:
  Basic..........................        259,676                55,986            (20,928)(7)     294,734
  Diluted........................        301,322                59,914            (22,396)(7)     338,840
Dividends declared per share.....       $     --              $  0.080                           $  0.015

- -------------------------
* See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.

           NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) PERIODS COMBINED

     The Maxim unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of December 30, 2000 has
been combined with the Dallas Semiconductor unaudited consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2000.

     Maxim's unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the six months
ended December 30, 2000 has been combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited
consolidated statement of operations for the six months ended December 31, 2000.
Maxim's consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended June 24,
2000 has been combined with Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited consolidated
statement of operations for the twelve months ended July 2, 2000. This combining
methodology includes the last two reported quarters of Dallas Semiconductor's
fiscal year ended January 2, 2000 and the first two reported quarters of its
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000. Maxim's consolidated statements of
operations for the fiscal years ended June 26, 1999 and June 27, 1998 have been
combined with Dallas Semiconductor's consolidated statement of operations for
the fiscal years ended January 2, 2000 and January 3, 1999, respectively. This
presentation has the effect of including Dallas Semiconductor's unaudited
results of operations for the six-month period ended January 2, 2000 in both the
fiscal year ended January 2, 2000 and the twelve-month period ended July 2, 2000
included in the unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations. Dallas
Semiconductor's net sales, net income and diluted net income per common share
for the six-month period ended January 2, 2000 as derived from the unaudited
historical consolidated financial statements of Dallas Semiconductor are $208.6
million, $37.1 million and $0.60 per share, respectively.

     The periods combined for purposes of presenting the unaudited pro forma
combined statements of operations are not necessarily indicative of the periods
expected to be combined after the date of the closing of the merger.

(2) MERGER COSTS

     Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor estimate that they will incur direct
transaction costs, or merger expenses, of approximately $25.1 million associated
with the merger. These costs consist of approximately $14.4 million, which is
intended to satisfy existing employment contracts and other non-employee
director arrangements; a $5.4 million payment to be made under a previously
existing life insurance arrangement, which results from the change in control
arising from the merger; and $5.3 million for investment banking, legal,
accounting, filings with regulatory agencies, financial printing and other
related costs.

     The merger expenses are expected to be charged to operations in the fiscal
quarter in which the merger is consummated. The unaudited pro forma combined
balance sheet gives effect to such charges as if they had been incurred as of
December 30, 2000, but the effects of these costs have not been reflected in the
unaudited pro forma combined statements of income as they are nonrecurring in
nature. It is expected that substantially all of these merger expenses will be
paid out of existing cash reserves within twelve months after the consummation
of the merger.

     The income tax effect of these charges has also been reflected as a pro
forma adjustment.

(3) DEFERRED INCOME ON SHIPMENTS TO DISTRIBUTORS

     Both Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor have sales to domestic distributors
under agreements that provide for certain price rebates, allowances and return
privileges. Maxim defers recognition of these sales until the merchandise is
sold by the domestic distributors. Dallas Semiconductor recognizes these sales,
which are reduced by estimated future price reductions and returns, upon
shipment to domestic distributors. This adjustment reflects the conforming of
Dallas Semiconductor's revenue recognition policy and presentation to that of
Maxim.

(4) EXCHANGE OF STOCK

     This adjustment reflects the reclassification of additional paid-in capital
of Dallas Semiconductor to conform to the presentation of Maxim.

(5) TREASURY STOCK

     This adjustment reflects the retirement of Dallas Semiconductor treasury
stock to conform to the presentation of Maxim.

(6) INCOME TAXES

     This adjustment conforms the classification of deferred taxes to the
presentation of Maxim and records the income tax effect of the pro forma
adjustments.

(7) PRO FORMA NET INCOME PER SHARE

     The unaudited pro forma combined basic and diluted net income per share are
based upon the pro forma combined weighted average number of common and common
equivalent shares of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor outstanding for each period
at an assumed exchange ratio of 0.6262 shares of Maxim common stock for each
share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock. The assumed exchange ratio was
calculated based on the average closing price of Maxim's common stock over the
ten trading days ended February 27, 2001 of $56.24 per share and the number of
fully diluted Dallas Semiconductor shares of common stock that would have been
outstanding on February 26, 2001, calculated under the treasury stock method
using an implied price per share of Dallas Semiconductor common stock derived
from the Maxim average closing price of $56.24 and the exchange ratio formula
contained in the merger agreement. The actual exchange ratio will not be
determined until the close of business on the date immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger. See "The Merger -- What You Will Receive in the
Merger."

                       DESCRIPTION OF MAXIM CAPITAL STOCK

     The following description of certain rights, preferences and privileges of
the capital stock of Maxim does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to Maxim's certificate of incorporation. For more
information as to how you can obtain a copy of Maxim's certificate of
incorporation, see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page 73.

MAXIM COMMON STOCK

     Maxim's certificate of incorporation authorizes Maxim to issue up to
960,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. Each Maxim share
is entitled to one vote, in person or by proxy, at any and all meetings of the
Maxim stockholders on all propositions before such meetings other than the
election of directors. Directors are elected by cumulative voting. Subject to
any preferential rights of any outstanding series of Maxim preferred stock
created by Maxim's board of directors from time to time, the holders of Maxim
common stock are entitled to dividends only if, when and as the dividends are
declared by Maxim's board of directors and as may be permitted by law, and, upon
liquidation, will be entitled to receive pro rata all assets of Maxim available
for distribution to such holders. As of February 28, 2001, 286,241,710 Maxim
shares were issued and outstanding. For a description of voting requirements and
change of control restrictions, see "Comparison of Certain Rights of
Stockholders of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor" beginning on page 69.

MAXIM PREFERRED STOCK

     Maxim is also authorized to issue 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par
value $0.001 per share, from time to time in one or more series and with such
designation for each such series as determined by the Maxim board of directors.
The Maxim board of directors may, without further action by the Maxim
stockholders, issue a series of Maxim preferred stock and state and fix the
relative rights, preferences and limitations of those shares, including the
dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and
terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), redemption price or
prices and liquidation preferences. Maxim does not currently have any preferred
stock outstanding.

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

     Boston EquiServe is the transfer agent and registrar for the Maxim common
stock.

                  COMPARISON OF CERTAIN RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS
                       OF MAXIM AND DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR

     Upon completion of the merger, the stockholders of Dallas Semiconductor
will become stockholders of Maxim, and Maxim's certificate of incorporation and
bylaws will govern the rights of former Dallas Semiconductor stockholders. Both
Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor are incorporated under, and subject to, Delaware
law.

     The following is a summary of the material differences between the rights
of holders of Maxim common stock and the rights of holders of Dallas
Semiconductor common stock. These differences arise from differences between
Maxim's certificate of incorporation and bylaws, on the one hand, and Dallas
Semiconductor's certificate of incorporation and bylaws, on the other hand. See
"Description of Maxim Capital Stock" on page 68. This discussion is not, and
does not purport to be, complete or to identify all differences that may, under
given situations, be material to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders. The
following summaries are qualified in their entirety by reference to Maxim's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are filed, or incorporated by
reference, as exhibits to Maxim's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
June 24, 2000 and Maxim's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for each of the periods
ended December 31, 1999 and December 30, 2000, and to Dallas Semiconductor's
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which are filed, or incorporated by
reference, as exhibits to Dallas Semiconductor's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2000. To obtain these documents, see "Where You Can
Find More Information" on page 73.

                                       DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             MAXIM STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                       --------------------            ------------------------

AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK:        The authorized capital stock of   The authorized capital stock of
                                 Dallas Semiconductor consists of  Maxim consists of 960 million
                                 100 million shares of common      shares of common stock and two
                                 stock and five million shares of  million shares of preferred
                                 preferred stock.                  stock.
NUMBER OF DIRECTORS:             The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
                                 provide that the board of         the Maxim board of directors
                                 directors shall consist of more   shall have five directors,
                                 than one director or a number as  subject to an amendment to the
                                 the board of directors shall fix  bylaws. The Maxim board of
                                 from time to time by resolution   directors will be increased to
                                 of the board of directors then    six upon completion of the
                                 in office. The board of           merger.
                                 directors currently consists of
                                 five directors.
QUORUM FOR MEETING OF            The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
DIRECTORS:                       provide that a majority of the    the majority of the number of
                                 total number of directors shall   directors specified in the
                                 constitute a quorum.              bylaws will constitute a quorum.
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS:           The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim certificate of
                                 provide that directors are        incorporation provides that
                                 elected by a plurality vote of    directors may be elected by
                                 the holders of Dallas             cumulative voting. Each
                                 Semiconductor shares which are    stockholder entitled to vote
                                 entitled to vote in the election  generally in the election of
                                 of directors. Neither the Dallas  directors is entitled to cast
                                 Semiconductor certificate of      that number of votes as equal
                                 incorporation nor the Dallas      the number of shares of Maxim
                                 Semiconductor bylaws provide for  common stock owned by such
                                 cumulative voting in the          stockholder multiplied by the
                                 election of directors.            number of directors to be
                                                                   elected, with the

                                       DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             MAXIM STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                       --------------------            ------------------------

                                                                   stockholder able to distribute
                                                                   the votes for a single director
                                                                   or any number of directors to be
                                                                   elected.
REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS:            The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
                                 generally provide that directors  directors may be removed, with
                                 may be removed only for cause at  or without cause, at a special
                                 a special or annual meeting of    meeting of stockholders called
                                 stockholders, and only by the     for such purpose by a vote of
                                 affirmative vote of the holders   the holders of a majority of the
                                 of at least 80% of the voting     outstanding shares entitled to
                                 power of common stock entitled    vote in the election of
                                 to elect that director, voting    directors.
                                 together as a single class;
                                 provided that, if a director is
                                 being removed on behalf of an
                                 "interested" or 10% owner of
                                 Dallas Semiconductor common
                                 stock, the director may not be
                                 removed without the approval of
                                 a majority of the outstanding
                                 shares not held by the
                                 "interested" or 10% owner. A
                                 director may be removed with or
                                 without cause upon a
                                 recommendation of a majority of
                                 the disinterested directors and
                                 the affirmative vote of the
                                 holders of a majority of shares
                                 of common stock entitled to vote
                                 in the election of directors.
LIMITATIONS ON STOCKHOLDER       The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT:       provide that Dallas               Maxim stockholders may take
                                 Semiconductor's stockholders may  action by written consent in
                                 take action by written consent    lieu of a meeting, provided that
                                 in lieu of a meeting, provided    the consent is signed by the
                                 that the consent is signed by     minimum number of votes
                                 all of the stockholders entitled  necessary to take such action at
                                 to vote on the matter to be       a meeting at which all shares
                                 voted upon.                       entitled to vote were present
                                                                   and voted.
AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS:             The Dallas Semiconductor          The Maxim certificate of
                                 certificate of incorporation and  incorporation and bylaws provide
                                 bylaws provide that the bylaws    that the bylaws may be altered,
                                 may be altered, amended or        amended or repealed and new
                                 repealed and new bylaws may be    bylaws may be adopted by action
                                 adopted by action of a majority   of the Maxim board of directors
                                 of the Dallas Semiconductor       or the affirmative vote of
                                 board of directors or the         holders of a majority of the
                                 affirmative vote of holders of a  outstanding shares entitled to
                                 majority of the outstanding       vote on that subject matter.
                                 shares entitled to vote on that
                                 subject matter, provided that
                                 certain bylaws related to
                                 transactions with 10%, or

                                       DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             MAXIM STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                       --------------------            ------------------------

                                 "interested," stockholders may
                                 not be amended without the
                                 approval of a majority of the
                                 disinterested directors and
                                 stockholders holding a majority
                                 of the outstanding common stock
                                 or by the approval of holders of
                                 80% of the common stock and a
                                 majority of the common stock
                                 held by disinterested
                                 stockholders.
VOTING STOCK:                    The outstanding voting            The outstanding voting
                                 securities of Dallas              securities of Maxim are the
                                 Semiconductor are the Dallas      Maxim common stock.
                                 Semiconductor common stock.
STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLANS:        Each share of Dallas              Maxim does not have a rights
                                 Semiconductor common stock has    plan in place.
                                 attached to it the right to
                                 purchase preferred shares issued
                                 pursuant to the Dallas
                                 Semiconductor rights plan.
                                 Dallas Semiconductor has taken
                                 all action necessary to ensure
                                 that the rights issued under the
                                 rights plan agreement do not
                                 apply to the merger.
SPECIAL MEETINGS OF              The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
STOCKHOLDERS:                    provide that a special meeting    the board of directors or the
                                 of stockholders may be called by  holders of 10% or more of
                                 the chairman of the board or the  Maxim's common stock may call a
                                 board of directors.               special meeting for any purpose.
FILLING VACANCIES ON THE BOARD   The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws provide that
OF DIRECTORS:                    provide that any vacancy on       any vacancies on Maxim's board
                                 Dallas Semiconductor's board of   of directors may be filled by a
                                 directors may be filled by a      majority of the directors then
                                 majority of the remaining board   in office.
                                 members.
LIMITATION ON BUSINESS           The Dallas Semiconductor bylaws   The Maxim bylaws do not restrict
TRANSACTED AT SPECIAL MEETINGS:  provide that business transacted  the business to be conducted at
                                 at any annual or special meeting  a special meeting of Maxim's
                                 of Dallas Semiconductor's         stockholders.
                                 stockholders is limited to the
                                 purposes specified in the notice
                                 of the meeting or to purposes
                                 otherwise properly brought
                                 before the meeting.
RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSACTIONS     Dallas Semiconductor's            Maxim's certificate of
WITH INTERESTED STOCKHOLDERS:    certificate of incorporation      incorporation requires the
                                 requires the approval of 80% of   approval of 66.67% of its
                                 its stockholders, voting as a     stockholders prior to Maxim's
                                 single class, and a majority of   consummating a business
                                 the shares of common stock held   combination with a stockholder
                                 by disinterested stockholders,    holding 20% or more of its
                                 voting as a separate class,       common stock.
                                 prior to Dallas Semiconductor's
                                 consummating a business
                                 combination with a

                                       DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR
                                        STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             MAXIM STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS
                                       --------------------            ------------------------

                                 stockholder holding 10% or more
                                 of its common stock.

                                    EXPERTS

     Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the consolidated
financial statements of Maxim incorporated by reference in Maxim's Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended June 24, 2000 and included in its 2000 Annual
Report to Stockholders, as set forth in their report, which is incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
statement. The consolidated financial statements of Maxim are incorporated by
reference in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing.

     The consolidated financial statements of Dallas Semiconductor as of
December 31, 2000 and for the year then ended, have been incorporated by
reference herein and in the registration statement in reliance upon the report
of KPMG LLP, independent certified public accountants, incorporated by reference
herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing.

     Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors, have audited the consolidated
financial statements of Dallas Semiconductor as of January 2, 2000 and for each
of the two fiscal years in the period ended January 2, 2000, included in Dallas
Semiconductor's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000,
as set forth in their report, which is incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement. The
consolidated financial statements of Dallas Semiconductor are incorporated by
reference in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP's report, given on their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing.

                             LEGAL AND TAX MATTERS

     The validity of the Maxim shares to be issued in connection with the merger
is being passed upon for Maxim by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to Maxim.

     Certain of the tax consequences of the merger will be passed upon at the
effective time, as a condition to the merger, by Jenkens & Gilchrist, a
Professional Corporation, counsel to Dallas Semiconductor.

                      SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

     If the merger and the merger agreement are approved and adopted by Dallas
Semiconductor stockholders and the merger is completed, Dallas Semiconductor
will not hold a 2001 annual meeting of stockholders. If the merger agreement and
the merger are not approved and adopted by Dallas Semiconductor stockholders or
the merger is not completed for any other reason, the Dallas Semiconductor board
of directors requests that any stockholder proposals intended for presentation
at the 2001 annual meeting be submitted to the corporate secretary of Dallas
Semiconductor, in writing, no later than ten days after the first public
announcement of the date of such meeting for consideration for inclusion in
Dallas Semiconductor's proxy materials for such meeting.

     In addition, under Dallas Semiconductor's bylaws, stockholders must comply
with specified procedures to nominate directors or introduce an item of business
at the 2001 annual meeting. Nominations or an item of business to be introduced
at an annual meeting must be submitted in writing. To be in proper written form,
a stockholder's notice must contain the specific information required by Dallas
Semiconductor's bylaws. A copy of the bylaws which describes the advance notice
procedures can be obtained from the corporate secretary of Dallas Semiconductor.

               SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This proxy statement/prospectus includes "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act. Such statements are identified by the use of
forward-looking words or phrases including, but not limited to, "intended,"
"expects," "expected," "anticipates" and "anticipated." These forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations of Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor,
as the case may be. All statements other than statements of historical facts
included in this proxy statement/prospectus, including those regarding the
financial position, results of operations, cash flows, business strategy,
projected costs, growth opportunities for existing products, benefits from new
technology, strategic and other benefits of the merger, cost savings and plans
and objectives of management for future operations of Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor, as the case may be, are forward-looking statements. Although
Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor believes that the expectations of Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor, as the case may be, reflected in such forward-looking statements
are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to
have been correct. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties, the actual results of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor, as the case
may be, could differ materially. Important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from the expectations of Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor, as the case may be, are the cautionary statements disclosed under
"Risk Factors Relating to the Merger," "Risk Factors Relating to Maxim,"
"Maxim's Reasons for the Merger," "Dallas Semiconductor's Reasons for the
Merger" and elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus and in Maxim's and
Dallas Semiconductor's SEC filings listed below. These forward-looking
statements represent the judgment of Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor, as the case
may be, as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus. All subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to Maxim or Dallas
Semiconductor or persons acting on behalf of Maxim or Dallas Semiconductor are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. Maxim and
Dallas Semiconductor disclaim, however, any intent or obligation to update their
respective forward-looking statements.

                      WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

     Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor file annual, quarterly and special reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any
reports, statements or other information we file at the SEC's Public Reference
Rooms in Washington, D.C., 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington D.C. 20549. Please
call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference
rooms. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial
document retrieval services and at the Internet world wide web site maintained
by the SEC at www.sec.gov.

     Maxim has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the
SEC the Maxim common stock to be issued to Dallas Semiconductor stockholders in
the merger. This proxy statement/prospectus is a part of the Maxim registration
statement and constitutes both a prospectus of Maxim and a proxy statement of
Dallas Semiconductor for its special meeting.

     As allowed by SEC rules, this proxy statement/prospectus does not contain
all the information you can find in the Maxim registration statement or the
exhibits to the Maxim registration statement.

     The SEC allows us to "incorporate by reference" information into this proxy
statement/prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information to
you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The
information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, except for any information superseded by information
contained directly in this proxy statement/prospectus. This proxy
statement/prospectus incorporates by reference the documents set

forth below that we have previously filed with the SEC. These documents contain
important information about our companies and their financial condition.

              MAXIM SEC FILINGS
            (FILE NO. 000-16538)                            PERIODS/FILING DATE
            --------------------                            -------------------

Annual Report on Form 10-K                     Year ended June 24, 2000
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q                 Quarters ended September 23, 2000 and
                                               December 30, 2000
Proxy Statement                                Filed on October 6, 2000
Current Report on Form 8-K                     Filed on January 30, 2001
The description of Maxim's common stock
contained in its Registration Statement on
Form 8-A dated February 11, 1988, including
any amendments or reports filed for the
purpose of updating such description.

      DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR SEC FILINGS
            (FILE NO. 001-10464)                            PERIODS/FILING DATE
      --------------------------------                      -------------------

Annual Report on Form 10-K                     Year ended December 31, 2000
Proxy Statement                                Filed on March 17, 2000
Current Reports on Form 8-K                    Filed on February 28, 2001 and January 30,

The description of Dallas Semiconductor's
common stock contained in its Registration
Statement on Form 8-A dated September 20,
1999, including any amendments or reports
filed for the purpose of updating such
description.
The description of the rights contained in
its Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated
September 20, 1999, including any amendments
or reports filed for the purpose of updating
such description.

     Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor also incorporate by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus additional documents that may be filed with the SEC
from the date of this proxy statement/prospectus to the date of the Dallas
Semiconductor special meeting. These include periodic reports, such as Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form
8-K, as well as proxy statements.

     Maxim has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference
in this proxy statement/ prospectus relating to Maxim, and Dallas Semiconductor
has supplied all such information relating to Dallas Semiconductor.

     If you are a stockholder, we may already have sent you some of the
documents incorporated by reference, but you can obtain any of them through us,
the SEC or the SEC's Internet world wide web site, as described above. Documents
incorporated by reference are available from us without charge, excluding all
exhibits unless we have specifically incorporated by reference an exhibit in
this proxy statement/ prospectus. Stockholders may obtain documents incorporated
by reference in this proxy statement/

prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate
company at the following addresses:

Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.            Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
120 San Gabriel Drive                      4401 South Beltwood Parkway
Sunnyvale, California 94086                Dallas, Texas 75244-3292
Tel: 408-737-7600                          Tel: 972-371-4300
Attn.: Investor Relations                  Attn.: Investor Relations

     IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST DOCUMENTS FROM US, PLEASE DO SO BY APRIL 4,
2001, TO RECEIVE THEM BEFORE THE DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR SPECIAL MEETING.

     You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the transactions. We
have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different
from what is contained in this proxy statement/prospectus. This proxy
statement/prospectus is dated March 6, 2001. You should not assume that the
information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any
date other than that date, and neither the mailing of this proxy
statement/prospectus to stockholders nor the issuance of Maxim common stock in
the merger shall create any implication to the contrary.

INFORMATION ON MAXIM'S WEB SITE

     Information on any Maxim Internet web site or the web site of any
subsidiary of Maxim is not part of this proxy statement/prospectus, and you
should not rely on that information in deciding whether to adopt the merger
agreement unless that information is also in this proxy statement/prospectus or
in a document that is incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus.

INFORMATION ON DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR'S WEB SITE

     Information on any Dallas Semiconductor Internet web site or the web site
of any subsidiary of Dallas Semiconductor is not part of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and you should not rely on that information in deciding
whether to adopt the merger agreement unless that information is also in this
proxy statement/prospectus or in a document that is incorporated by reference
into this proxy statement/ prospectus.

                                                                         ANNEX A
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

                                     AMONG

                        MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.,

                            MI ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

                                      AND

                        DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                          DATED AS OF JANUARY 28, 2001

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               

                                                                         PAGE
                                                                         ----

ARTICLE I  THE MERGER..................................................   A-1
     1.1.  The Merger..................................................   A-1
     1.2.  Effective Time..............................................   A-2
     1.3.  Effect of the Merger........................................   A-2
     1.4.  Certification of Incorporation; Bylaws......................   A-2
     1.5.  Directors and Officers......................................   A-2
     1.6.  Conversion of Company Common Stock, Etc.....................   A-2
     1.7.  Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock.......   A-3
     1.8.  Stock Options and Warrants..................................   A-3
     1.9.  Capital Stock of Merger Sub.................................   A-4
           Adjustments to Exchange Ratio...............................
    1.10.                                                                 A-4
           Fractional Shares...........................................
    1.11.                                                                 A-4
           Surrender of Certificates...................................
    1.12.                                                                 A-4
           Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock............
    1.13.                                                                 A-5
           Closing.....................................................
    1.14.                                                                 A-5
           Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates......................
    1.15.                                                                 A-6
           Tax Consequences............................................
    1.16.                                                                 A-6

ARTICLE II  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY..............   A-6
     2.1.  Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries................   A-6
     2.2.  Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.....................   A-7
     2.3.  Capitalization..............................................   A-7
     2.4.  Authority; Enforceability...................................   A-8
     2.5.  Required Vote...............................................   A-9
     2.6.  No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents..................   A-9
     2.7.  Material Agreements.........................................  A-10
     2.8.  Compliance..................................................  A-11
     2.9.  SEC Filings; Financial Statements...........................  A-12
           Absence of Certain Changes or Events........................
    2.10.                                                                A-12
           No Undisclosed Liabilities..................................
    2.11.                                                                A-13
           Absence of Litigation.......................................
    2.12.                                                                A-13
           Employee Benefit Plans......................................
    2.13.                                                                A-13
           Employment and Labor Matters................................
    2.14.                                                                A-15
           Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus..........
    2.15.                                                                A-15
           Taxes.......................................................
    2.16.                                                                A-16
           Environmental Matters.......................................
    2.17.                                                                A-17
           Intellectual Property.......................................
    2.18.                                                                A-18
           Insurance...................................................
    2.19.                                                                A-19
           No Restrictions on the Merger; Takeover Statutes............
    2.20.                                                                A-19
           Pooling; Tax Matters........................................
    2.21.                                                                A-20
           Brokers.....................................................
    2.22.                                                                A-20
           Interested Party Transactions...............................
    2.23.                                                                A-20
           Opinion of Financial Advisor................................
    2.24.                                                                A-20
           Company Rights Agreement....................................
    2.25.                                                                A-20

ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND
                  MERGER SUB...........................................  A-21
     3.1.  Organization and Qualification..............................  A-21
     3.2.  Capitalization..............................................  A-21
     3.3.  Authority; Enforceability...................................  A-22

                                       A-i

                                                                         PAGE
                                                                         ----

     3.4.  No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents..................  A-22
     3.5.  Compliance..................................................  A-23
     3.6.  SEC Filings; Financial Statements...........................  A-24
     3.7.  Absence of Certain Changes or Events........................  A-24
     3.8.  No Undisclosed Liabilities..................................  A-25
     3.9.  Absence of Litigation.......................................  A-25
           Environmental Matters.......................................
    3.10.                                                                A-25
           Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus..........
    3.11.                                                                A-25
           Brokers.....................................................
    3.12.                                                                A-26
           Pooling; Tax Matters........................................
    3.13.                                                                A-26
           Taxes.......................................................
    3.14.                                                                A-26
           Intellectual Property.......................................
    3.15.                                                                A-27

ARTICLE IV  CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER.....................  A-27
     4.1.  Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger.......  A-27
     4.2.  Conduct of Business by Parent Pending the Merger............  A-29
     4.3.  Solicitation of Other Proposals.............................  A-30

ARTICLE V  ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.......................................  A-31
     5.1.  Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus..........  A-31
     5.2.  Meeting of Company's Stockholders...........................  A-32
     5.3.  Access to Information; Confidentiality......................  A-32
     5.4.  Reasonable Best Efforts; Further Assurances.................  A-33
     5.5.  Stock Options and Stock Plan; Options.......................  A-34
     5.6.  Employee Benefits...........................................  A-35
     5.7.  Pooling; Reorganization.....................................  A-35
     5.8.  Notification of Certain Matters.............................  A-36
     5.9.  Listing on the NASDAQ National Market.......................  A-37
           Public Announcements........................................
    5.10.                                                                A-37
           Takeover Laws...............................................
    5.11.                                                                A-37
           Accountant's Letter.........................................
    5.12.                                                                A-37
           Indemnification; Directors and Officer Insurance............
    5.13.                                                                A-37
           Option Agreement............................................
    5.14.                                                                A-38
           Company Rights Agreement....................................
    5.15.                                                                A-38
           Action by Board of Directors................................
    5.16.                                                                A-38
           Board Seat..................................................
    5.17.                                                                A-39

ARTICLE VI  CONDITIONS OF MERGER.......................................  A-39
     6.1.  Conditions to Obligation of Each Party to Effect the
           Merger......................................................  A-39
     6.2.  Additional Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger
           Sub.........................................................  A-39
     6.3.  Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Company.........  A-41

ARTICLE VII  TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER.........................  A-42
     7.1.  Termination.................................................  A-42
     7.2.  Effect of Termination.......................................  A-43
     7.3.  Fees and Expenses...........................................  A-43
     7.4.  Amendment...................................................  A-43
     7.5.  Waiver......................................................  A-44

ARTICLE VIII  GENERAL PROVISIONS.......................................  A-44
     8.1.  Survival of Representations and Warranties..................  A-44
     8.2.  Notices.....................................................  A-44
     8.3.  Disclosure Schedules........................................  A-45
     8.4.  Certain Definitions.........................................  A-45

                                       A-ii

                                                                         PAGE
                                                                         ----

     8.5.  Interpretation..............................................  A-47
     8.6.  Severability................................................  A-48
     8.7.  Entire Agreement............................................  A-48
     8.8.  Assignment..................................................  A-48
     8.9.  Parties in Interest.........................................  A-48
           Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.......
    8.10.                                                                A-48
           Governing Law; Enforcement..................................
    8.11.                                                                A-48
           Counterparts................................................
    8.12.                                                                A-49

                                    EXHIBITS

EXHIBIT A -- Form of Stock Option Agreement

EXHIBIT B -- Form of Company Affiliate Pooling Agreement

                                      A-iii

     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of January 28, 2001 (the
"Agreement") among MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC., a Delaware corporation
("Parent"), MI ACQUISITION SUB, INC., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION, a
Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Capitalized terms not elsewhere defined
herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Section 8.4 hereof.

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that it is
consistent with the Company's long-term strategic plan and in the best interests
of its stockholders and employees for the Company to pursue a strategic
transaction with Parent in order to preserve the existence of the Company's
corporate entity;

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have
each determined that it is in the best interests of their respective
stockholders for Merger Sub to merge with and into the Company upon the terms
and subject to the conditions set forth herein;

     WHEREAS, in furtherance thereof, the Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company have each approved the merger (the "Merger") of Merger Sub
with and into the Company, in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (the "DGCL") and subject to the conditions set forth herein,
which Merger will result in, among other things, the Company becoming a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent;

     WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of, and an inducement to, Parent
and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, contemporaneously with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company is entering into a Stock
Option Agreement dated as of the date hereof (the "Option Agreement") in the
form of Exhibit A attached hereto, granting Parent an irrevocable option to
purchase up to that number of shares of Company Common Stock as shall represent
14.9% (by voting power) of the total outstanding Company Common Stock (as
defined herein), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein;

     WHEREAS, for federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the Merger
shall qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); and

     WHEREAS, for accounting purposes, it is intended that the Merger shall
qualify for "pooling-of-interests" treatment.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company hereby
agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                                   THE MERGER

     1.1. The Merger.

     At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2) and subject to and upon
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the DGCL, (a) Merger Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company, (b) the separate corporate existence of Merger
Sub shall cease, and (c) the Company shall, as the surviving corporation in the
Merger, continue its existence under Delaware law as a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Parent. The Company as the surviving corporation after the Merger is
hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Surviving Corporation."

                                       A-1

     1.2. Effective Time.

     As promptly as practicable after the satisfaction or, to the extent
permitted hereunder, waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI hereof,
the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a
certificate of merger (the "Certificate of Merger") with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware, in such form as required by and executed in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the DGCL (the date and time of such filing, or
such later date and time as may be specified in the Certificate of Merger by
mutual agreement of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company, being the "Effective
Time").

     1.3. Effect of the Merger.

     At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in the
applicable provisions of the DGCL, including Section 259 thereof. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective
Time, all the assets, property, rights, privileges, immunities, powers and
franchises of the Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving
Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub
shall become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

     1.4. Certification of Incorporation; Bylaws.

     Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, at the
Effective Time and without any further action on the part of the parties hereto,
(a) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company shall be the Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided
therein and by the DGCL and (b) the Bylaws of Merger Sub shall be the Bylaws of
the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided therein and by
the DGCL.

     1.5. Directors and Officers.

     Except as set forth on Section 1.5 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the
directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the
initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in
accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance
with the Surviving Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Except
as determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, the officers of the Company
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the
Surviving Corporation.

     1.6. Conversion of Company Common Stock, Etc.

     At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on
the part of the parties hereto or the holders of the following securities:

          (a) Subject to the provisions of this Article I, each share of common
     stock, par value $0.02 per share, of the Company ("Company Common Stock")
     including the associated Company Rights issued and outstanding immediately
     prior to the Effective Time (other than any shares of the Company Common
     Stock to be canceled pursuant to Section 1.7 and subject to Section 1.10
     and Section 1.11), will be converted automatically into the right to
     receive from Merger Sub that number of fully paid and nonassessable shares
     of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Parent Common Stock"), of
     Parent equal to the Exchange Ratio. For purposes of this Agreement,
     "Exchange Ratio" shall mean the decimal equivalent (rounded to four decimal
     places) of the quotient obtained by dividing the Aggregate Parent Share
     Amount (as defined below) by the Fully Diluted Company Share Amount (as
     defined below). For purposes hereof, the "Fully Diluted Company Share
     Amount" means the number of shares of Company Common Stock calculated as of
     the close of business on the day immediately preceding the Effective Time
     pursuant to the Treasury Stock Method (assuming a 35% effective tax rate)
     as defined by GAAP (as defined herein), which as of the close of business
     on January 26, 2001 and based on outstanding shares and options as of

                                       A-2

     January 25, 2001, would have resulted in an Exchange Ratio of 0.6163. For
     purposes hereof, the "Aggregate Parent Share Amount" means the following:

             (i) if the Average Closing Price (as defined below) of Parent
        Common Stock is equal to or greater than $61.00 per share, then the
        Aggregate Parent Share Amount is 40,000,000;

             (ii) if the Average Closing Price of Parent Common Stock is equal
        to or less than $52.00 per share, then the Aggregate Parent Share Amount
        is 42,000,000; and

             (iii) if the Average Closing Price of Parent Common Stock is
        greater than $52.00 per share but less than $61.00 per share, then the
        Aggregate Parent Share Amount is the sum of (x) 40,000,000 plus (y) the
        product obtained by multiplying 2,000,000 times the quotient obtained by
        dividing (1) $61.00 minus the Average Closing Price of Parent Common
        Stock by (2) $9.00.

     The "Average Closing Price" means the average closing price of Parent
     Common Stock (rounded to the nearest cent) on the NASDAQ National Market
     System for the 10 consecutive trading days ending on the trading day that
     is two trading days prior to the Effective Time.

          (b) Each share of the Company Common Stock shall be deemed canceled
     and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate representing any
     such share of Company Common Stock shall cease to have any rights with
     respect thereto, except the right to receive that number of shares of
     Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio upon surrender of the
     certificate representing such share of Company Common Stock in the manner
     provided in Section 1.12 (together with the cash in lieu of fractional
     shares of Parent Common Stock as specified in Section 1.11, the "Merger
     Consideration"). Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference in
     this Agreement to shares of Company Common Stock shall include the
     associated Company Rights issued pursuant to the Company Rights Agreement.

     1.7. Cancellation of Treasury Stock and Parent-Owned Stock.

     Each share of the Company Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company,
if any, and each share of Company Common Stock, if any, owned by Parent or
Merger Sub, in each case immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be
canceled and extinguished without any conversion thereof and no payment or
distribution shall be made with respect thereto.

     1.8. Stock Options and Warrants.

     (a) At the Effective Time, all options to purchase Company Common Stock
then outstanding under the Company's (i) 1984 Stock Option Plan, (ii) Amended
1987 Stock Option Plan and (iii) 1993 Officer and Director Stock Option Plan
(each as amended, collectively, the "Option Plans"), by virtue of the Merger and
without any action on the part of the holder thereof, shall be assumed by Parent
in accordance with Section 5.5.

     (b) The Company and its Board of Directors shall promptly take all actions
necessary to ensure that (i) immediately prior to the Effective Time the
Purchase Plan (as defined in Section 2.3) shall be terminated and of no further
force and effect and without any liability of the Company thereunder, and (ii)
following the Effective Time no holder of any options or other rights pursuant
to, nor any participant in or party to, the Option Plans or any other Employee
Plan (as defined herein) or other plan, program, arrangement, agreement or other
commitment providing for the issuance or grant of any interest in respect of the
capital stock of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company will have any
rights thereunder to acquire equity securities, or any right to payment in
respect of the equity securities, of Parent, the Company, or the Surviving
Corporation or any of their Subsidiaries, except as provided herein.

                                       A-3

     1.9. Capital Stock of Merger Sub.

     Each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub (the
"Merger Sub Common Stock") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall be automatically converted into one validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation and
shall thereafter constitute all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of
the Surviving Corporation. Each stock certificate of Merger Sub evidencing
ownership of any shares of Merger Sub Common Stock shall continue to evidence
ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

     1.10. Adjustments to Exchange Ratio.

     Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, the Exchange Ratio
shall be adjusted to reflect fully the effect of any stock split, reverse split,
stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible
into Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock), reorganization,
recapitalization or other like change with respect to Parent Common Stock or
Company Common Stock occurring after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time.

     1.11. Fractional Shares.

     No certificates or scrip representing the right to acquire fractional
shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued in connection with the Merger, and
such fractional interests will not entitle the owner thereof to any rights of a
stockholder of Parent. In lieu thereof, each holder of shares of Company Common
Stock exchanged pursuant to Section 1.6 or of options or warrants exchanged
pursuant to Section 1.8(a) who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a
share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent
Common Stock to have been otherwise received by such holder) shall receive from
Parent an amount of cash (rounded down to the nearest whole cent and without
interest) equal to the product of such fractional part of a share of Parent
Common Stock multiplied by the Average Closing Price.

     1.12. Surrender of Certificates.

     (a) Exchange Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall designate a
bank or trust company to act as the Exchange Agent in the Merger.

     (b) Parent to Provide Common Stock. When and as needed, Parent shall make
available to the Exchange Agent for exchange in accordance with this Article I,
through such reasonable procedures as Parent may adopt, sufficient shares of
Parent Common Stock (and any cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of
Parent Common Stock) to be exchanged pursuant to Section 1.6 and Section 1.11.

     (c) Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation shall cause to be mailed to each holder of record of a certificate
or certificates (the "Certificates") that represented as of the Effective Time
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock to be exchanged pursuant to Section
1.6, a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon
delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in such form and
have such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for
certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock. Upon surrender of a
Certificate to the Exchange Agent, together with such letter of transmittal,
duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto,
and such other documents as may be required pursuant to such instructions, the
holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor a
certificate representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock and
payment in lieu of fractional shares which such holder has the right to receive
pursuant to Sections 1.6 and 1.11, after giving effect to any required Tax (as
defined herein) withholdings, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith
be canceled. At any time following six months after the Effective Time, all or
any number of shares of Parent Common Stock (and any or all cash payable in lieu
of fractional shares of Parent Common Stock) deposited with or made available to
the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 1.12(b), which remain undistributed to
the holders of the Certificates representing
                                       A-4

shares of Company Common Stock, shall be delivered to Parent upon demand, and
thereafter such holders of unexchanged shares of Company Common Stock shall be
entitled to look only to Parent (subject to abandoned property, escheat or other
similar laws) as general creditors thereof with respect to the shares of Parent
Common Stock for payment upon due surrender of their Certificates.

     (d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other
distributions declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to shares
of Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time will be paid
to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificate with respect to the whole shares
of Parent Common Stock represented thereby until the holder of record of such
Certificate shall surrender such Certificate. Following surrender of any such
Certificate, there shall be paid to the record holder of the certificates
representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange therefor,
without interest, at the time of such surrender, the amount of dividends or
other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time and payable
between the Effective Time and the time of such surrender with respect to such
whole shares of Parent Common Stock.

     (e) Transfers of Ownership. If any certificate for shares of Parent Common
Stock is to be issued in a name other than the name in which the Certificate
surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it will be a condition of the
issuance thereof that (i) the Certificate so surrendered will be properly
endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the Person
requesting such exchange will have paid any transfer or other Taxes required by
reason of the issuance of a certificate for shares of Parent Common Stock in a
name other than the name of the registered holder of the Certificate surrendered
or (ii) established to the satisfaction of Parent, or any agent designated by
Parent, that such Tax has been paid or is not applicable.

     (f) No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, none of the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Merger Sub or the Surviving
Corporation shall be liable to a holder of a Certificate for any Parent Common
Stock (and any cash payable for fractional shares of Parent Common Stock or any
other amount due, if any) that was properly delivered to a public official
pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar Law.

     (g) Withholding of Tax. Parent or the Exchange Agent will be entitled to
deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby to any holder of Company
Common Stock such amounts as Parent (or any Affiliate thereof) or the Exchange
Agent are required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such
payment under the Code, or any applicable provision of federal, state, local or
foreign Tax Law (as defined herein). To the extent that amounts are so properly
withheld by Parent or the Exchange Agent, such withheld amounts will be treated
for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the holder of the
Company Common Stock in respect of whom such deduction and withholding were made
by Parent.

     1.13. Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock.

     All shares of Parent Common Stock issued upon the surrender for exchange of
Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Article I (including
any cash paid in respect thereof) shall be deemed to have been issued in full
satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such Company Common Stock. At the
Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed, and
thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of
Company Common Stock on the records of the Surviving Corporation. From and after
the Effective Time, the holders of Certificates evidencing ownership of shares
of Company Common Stock outstanding shall cease to have any rights with respect
to such shares of Company Common Stock except as otherwise provided for herein.
If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving
Corporation for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in
this Article I.

     1.14. Closing.

     Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement abandoned pursuant to the provisions of Article
VII, and subject to the provisions of
                                       A-5

Article VI, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take place at 10:00
a.m. (Pacific time) on a date (the "Closing Date") to be mutually agreed upon by
the parties, which date shall be not later than the second Business Day after
all the conditions set forth in Article VI shall have been satisfied (or waived
in accordance with Section 7.5, to the extent the same may be waived), unless
another time and/or date is agreed by the parties hereto. The Closing shall take
place at the offices of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, 3330 Hillview Avenue, Palo
Alto, California 94304 or such other place as the parties hereto otherwise
agree.

     1.15. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.

     In the event any Certificates evidencing Company Common Stock shall have
been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for
such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of an affidavit of
that fact by the holder thereof, such shares of Parent Common Stock and cash for
fractional shares, if any, as may be required pursuant to Section 1.11;
provided, however, that Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition
precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or
destroyed certificates to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct
as indemnity against any claim that may be made against Parent or the Exchange
Agent with respect to the Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or
destroyed.

     1.16. Tax Consequences.

     For federal income tax purposes, the parties intend that the Merger be
treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code,
and that this Agreement shall be, and is hereby, adopted as a plan of
reorganization for purposes of Section 368 of the Code. The parties shall not
take any action that would prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code nor take a position on any Tax
Return (as defined herein) inconsistent with this Section 1.16.

                                   ARTICLE II

                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     The Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as
follows:

     2.1. Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries.

     (a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under Delaware law and has all the requisite corporate power and
authority, and is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations,
licenses, permits, easements, consents, waivers, qualifications, certificates,
Orders (as defined herein) and approvals (collectively, "Approvals") necessary
to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted, except for such Approvals, the failure of the Company to be
in possession of which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is duly qualified or
licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in
each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned, leased or
operated by it or the nature of its activities makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

     (b) Each Subsidiary of the Company is a legal entity, duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its respective
jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and has all the requisite power
and authority, and is in possession of all Approvals necessary to own, lease and
operate its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, except for such Approvals, the failure of a Subsidiary of the Company
to be in possession of which could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Subsidiary is
duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation or entity to do business,
and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the
properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its activities makes
such

                                       A-6

qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so
qualified could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (c) Section 2.1(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the
date hereof, a true and complete list of all of the Company's directly and
indirectly owned Subsidiaries, together with the jurisdiction of incorporation
or organization of each Subsidiary and the percentage of each Subsidiary's
outstanding capital stock or other equity or other interest owned by the Company
or another Subsidiary of the Company. Except as set forth in Section 2.1(c) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
owns any equity or similar interest in, or any interest convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for, directly or indirectly, any equity or similar
interest in, any Person.

     2.2. Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

     The Company has heretofore furnished or made available to Parent a true and
complete copy of each of its and each of its Subsidiaries' Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents, as amended or
restated to the date hereof. Such Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws or
equivalent organizational documents of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
are in full force and effect, and no other organizational documents are
applicable to or binding upon the Company or its Subsidiaries.

     2.3. Capitalization.

     (a) The authorized capital of the Company consists of 105,000,000 shares,
divided into 100,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.10 per share (the "Company Preferred Stock"). As
of January 25, 2001, (i) 62,140,955 shares of Company Common Stock were issued
and outstanding, including the associated Company Rights; (ii) no shares of
Company Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding; (iii) 1,282,052 shares of
Company Common Stock were held in the treasury of the Company; (iv) no shares of
Company Common Stock were held by any Subsidiary of the Company; (v) 10,987,128
shares of Company Common Stock were duly reserved for future issuance pursuant
to employee stock options granted pursuant to the Option Plans (the "Outstanding
Employee Options"); (vi) 287,700 shares of Company Common Stock were duly
reserved for future issuance pursuant to the Company's Employee Stock Purchase
Plan (the "Purchase Plan"); (vii) a sufficient number of shares of Company
Preferred Stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of Company Rights
issued pursuant to the Company Rights Agreement; and (viii) a sufficient number
of shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the
Option Agreement. None of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are
subject to, nor were they issued in violation of any, purchase option, call
option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any
similar right. Except as set forth above and in Section 2.3(a) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, no shares of voting or non-voting
capital stock, other equity interests, or other voting securities of the Company
were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. Except as described in
Section 2.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, all outstanding options to
purchase Company Common Stock were granted under the Company's Option Plans and
the Option Agreement. Section 2.3(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists
all outstanding options and warrants to purchase Company Common Stock, the
record holder thereof and the exercise prices thereof. All outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company are, and all shares which may be issued upon the
exercise of stock options and warrants will be, and all shares which may be
issued pursuant to the Option Agreement will be, when issued pursuant to the
terms thereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and
not subject to any kind of preemptive (or similar) rights. There are no bonds,
debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company with voting rights (or
convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities with voting rights) on any
matters on which stockholders of the Company may vote.

     (b) Section 2.3(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the number
of authorized and outstanding shares of capital stock, and ownership thereof, of
each of the Company's Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Section 2.3(b) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
each of the Company's Subsidiaries have been duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid
                                       A-7

and nonassessable, are not subject to, and were not issued in violation of, any
preemptive (or similar) rights, and are owned, of record and beneficially, by
the Company or one of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries, free and clear of all
Liens whatsoever. Except as set forth in Section 2.3(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule, there are no restrictions of any kind which prevent the
payment of dividends by any of the Company's Subsidiaries, and neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any obligation or requirement
to provide funds for or to make any investment (in the form of a loan or capital
contribution) to or in any Person.

     (c) Except for the Company Rights, the Option Agreement, Outstanding
Employee Options, options outstanding pursuant to the Purchase Plan and as
described in Section 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date
hereof, there are no outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights,
convertible or exchangeable securities, commitments, agreements, arrangements or
undertakings of any kind (contingent or otherwise) to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound obligating the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be
issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other voting
securities of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries or obligating the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or enter into any
such security, option, warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement
or undertaking. Except as described in Section 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, as of the date hereof, there are no outstanding contractual
obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock (or options or warrants to acquire
any such shares) of the Company or its Subsidiaries. Except as described in
Section 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, there
are no stock-appreciation rights, stock-based performance units, "phantom" stock
rights or other agreements, arrangements or commitments of any character
(contingent or otherwise) pursuant to which any Person is or may be entitled to
receive any payment or other value based on the revenues, earnings or financial
performance, stock price performance or other attribute of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or assets or calculated in accordance therewith (other than
ordinary course payments or commissions to employees or sales representatives of
the Company based upon revenues generated by them without augmentation as a
result of the transactions contemplated hereby) (collectively, "Stock-Based
Rights") or to cause the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act, or which otherwise relate to
the registration of any securities of the Company. Except as set forth in
Section 2.3(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no voting trusts,
proxies or other agreements, commitments or understandings of any character to
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge (as defined
herein) of the Company, any of the Company's stockholders is a party or by which
any of them is bound with respect to the issuance, holding, acquisition, voting
or disposition of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

     2.4. Authority; Enforceability.

     The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, the Option Agreement and each instrument required to be
executed and delivered by it at the Closing hereunder and thereunder, perform
its obligations hereunder and thereunder and consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by the Company of
this Agreement and the Option Agreement, the performance of its obligations
hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, have been duly and validly
authorized by all corporate action and no other corporate proceedings on the
part of the Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or the Option
Agreement or to consummate the transactions so contemplated (other than, with
respect to the Merger, the approval and authorization of this Agreement by votes
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Company Common Stock in
accordance with Delaware law and the Company's Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws and the filing of the Certificate of Merger) herein or therein. Each of
this Agreement and the Option Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery thereof by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms (subject to the effects of
                                       A-8

bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and
other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, general
equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law)
and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing).

     2.5. Required Vote.

     The Board of Directors of the Company has, at a meeting duly called and
held, (i) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Option
Agreement, (ii) determined that the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the holders of Company
Common Stock, (iii) resolved to recommend adoption of this Agreement, the
Merger, and the other transactions contemplated hereby to the stockholders of
the Company and (iv) directed that this Agreement be submitted to the
stockholders of the Company for their approval and authorization. The
affirmative vote of a majority of all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock
is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the
Company necessary to approve and authorize this Agreement and the Merger. No
stockholder vote is required to approve or authorize the Option Agreement.

     2.6. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

     (a) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the Option
Agreement or any instrument required by this Agreement to be executed and
delivered by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at the Closing do not, and
the performance of this Agreement, the Option Agreement or any instrument
required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries at the Closing, shall not, (i) conflict with or violate the
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with or violate any Law or
Order in each case applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by
which its or any of their respective properties or assets is bound or affected,
or (iii) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or an
event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under,
or impair the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' rights or alter the rights
or obligations of any third party under, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration, additional liabilities or fees or
cancellation of, or result in the creation of a Lien on any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to, any note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, Contract, permit, franchise or other instrument or
obligation to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or any of their respective
properties or assets is bound or affected, except (A) as set forth in Section
2.6(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or (B) in the case of clause (ii) or
(iii) above, for any such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults or other
occurrences that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (b) The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement, the Option
Agreement or any instrument required by this Agreement to be executed and
delivered by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries at the Closing do not, and
the performance of this Agreement, the Option Agreement and any instrument
required by this Agreement to be executed and delivered by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries at the Closing, shall not, require the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to, except as set forth in Section 2.6(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, obtain any Approval of any Person or Approval of, observe any waiting
period imposed by, or make any filing with or notification to, any Governmental
Authority, domestic or foreign, except for (A) compliance with applicable
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"),
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), state
securities laws ("Blue Sky Laws"), the rules and regulations at the New York
Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ Stock Market, the pre-merger notification
requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the "HSR Act"), or Foreign Competition Laws, (B) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger in accordance with Delaware law or (C) where the failure
to obtain such Approvals, or to make such filings or notifications, could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect.

                                       A-9

     2.7. Material Agreements.

     (a) Other than those set out in the Company SEC Reports (as defined below)
filed prior to the date hereof, the Company has delivered to Parent true and
complete copies of (or, with respect to those contracts that consist solely of
purchase orders, has delivered to Parent a materially true and correct list
identifying those purchase orders) all of the following Contracts and other
instruments to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by
which any of them or their properties or assets are bound as of the date hereof
(collectively, the "Material Agreements"):

          (i) all equipment leases that involve payments by the Company and/or
     its Subsidiaries in excess of $50,000 per year;

          (ii) all software maintenance agreements or Intellectual Property
     license arrangements that involve payments by the Company and/or its
     Subsidiaries in excess of $10,000 per year;

          (iii) all material agreements pursuant to which the Company and/or its
     Subsidiaries license Company Intellectual Property (as defined below);

          (iv) all real property leases that involve payments by the Company
     and/or its Subsidiaries in excess of $100,000 per year;

          (v) all Contracts (other than those listed in clauses (i) through (iv)
     above) that involve payments by the Company and/or its Subsidiaries in
     excess of $100,000 per year or $250,000 in the aggregate;

          (vi) all collective bargaining agreements;

          (vii) promissory notes, loans, agreements, indentures, evidences of
     indebtedness or other instruments and Contracts providing for the borrowing
     or lending of money, whether as borrower, lender or guarantor, in each
     case, relating to indebtedness or obligations in excess of $1,000,000;

          (viii) Contracts containing a covenant limiting the freedom of the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or which purport to limit the freedom
     of Parent after the Merger) to engage in any line of business or compete
     with any Person or operate at any location in the world or that prohibits
     or restricts the Company or its Subsidiaries (or which purport to prohibit
     or restrict Parent after the Merger) from soliciting or retaining the
     employment of any Person;

          (ix) joint venture or partnership agreements or joint development,
     distribution or similar agreements pursuant to which any third party is
     entitled or obligated to develop or distribute any products on behalf of
     the Company or its Subsidiaries or pursuant to which the Company or any of
     its Subsidiaries is entitled or obligated to develop or distribute any
     products on behalf of any third party;

          (x) Contracts for the acquisition, directly or indirectly (by merger
     or otherwise) of any business, all or substantially all of the assets of
     any Person (whether tangible or intangible) or the capital stock of another
     Person;

          (xi) Contracts involving the issuance or repurchase of any capital
     stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including newly formed
     Subsidiaries), other than, with respect to the issuance of Company Common
     Stock, the options or warrants listed in Section 2.3(a) of the Company
     Disclosure Schedule;

          (xii) Contracts under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
     granted or received exclusive rights with respect to Company Intellectual
     Property or the distribution of the Company's products;

          (xiii) any interest rate swaps, caps, floors or option agreements or
     any other interest rate risk management arrangement or foreign exchange
     Contracts;

                                       A-10

          (xiv) any employment or consulting agreements for individuals with
     total annual compensation in excess of $100,000 pursuant to which the
     Company or any of its Subsidiaries may incur any liability;

          (xv) all agreements or insurance policies providing for
     indemnification of any officer or director of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries;

          (xvi) all agreements evidencing a loan in excess of $25,000 to any
     officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and

          (xvii) all Contracts relating to split-dollar life insurance policies
     for any employee or director of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

     (b)(i) Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, other than Material Agreements that
have terminated or expired in accordance with their terms, each Material
Agreement is in full force and effect, is a valid and binding obligation of the
Company or such Subsidiary and, to the Company's Knowledge, of each other party
thereto and is enforceable, in accordance with its terms, against each party
thereto (other than the Company or such Subsidiary), in each case except that
the enforcement thereof may be limited by (A) the effects of bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar
Laws affecting creditors' rights generally, (B) general principles of equity
(whether in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (C) an implied covenant of
good faith and fair dealing, and (ii) to the Knowledge of the Company, neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is or alleged to be, and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, no other party is or alleged to be, in material
default under, or in material breach or material violation of, any Material
Agreement and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no event or failure to act has
occurred which, with the giving of notice or passage of time or both, would
constitute such a material default, breach or violation. The designation or
definition of Material Agreements for purposes of this Section 2.7 and the
disclosures made pursuant thereto will not be construed or utilized to expand,
limit or define the terms "material" and "Material Adverse Effect" as otherwise
referenced and used in this Agreement.

     2.8. Compliance.

     (a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with, and
are not in default or violation of, (i) the Certificate of Incorporation and
Bylaws of the Company or the equivalent organizational documents of such
Subsidiary, (ii) any Law or Order by which any of their respective assets or
properties are bound or affected and (iii) the terms of all notes, bonds,
mortgages, indentures, Contracts, permits, franchises and other instruments or
obligations to which any of them are a party or by which any of them or any of
their respective assets or properties are bound or affected, except, in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii), for any such failures of compliance, defaults and
violations which could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, the
Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of all Approvals,
except where the failure to so comply could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the
Knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their
export transactions in all material respects in accordance with applicable
provisions of United States export control laws and regulations, including but
not limited to (i) the Export Administration Act and the Export Administration
Regulations thereunder and (ii) the Arms Export Control Act and the
International Traffic in Arms Regulations thereunder. Without limiting the
foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that, to its Knowledge, (A) it
and its Subsidiaries have obtained all material export licenses and other
approvals required for their exports of products, software and technologies from
the United States, (B) it and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with
the terms of all applicable export licenses or other approvals, (C) there are no
pending or threatened material claims against the Company or its Subsidiaries
with respect to such export licenses or other approvals, (D) there are no
actions, conditions or circumstances pertaining to the Company's or its
Subsidiaries' export transactions that may give rise to any future material
claim and (E) no consents or approvals for the transfer of export licenses to
Parent are required, or such consents and approvals can be obtained

                                       A-11

expeditiously without material cost. Except as set forth in Section 2.8 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule or as could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice of any revocation or
modification of any federal, state, local or foreign Governmental Authority, or
any Approval of any federal, state, local or foreign Governmental Authority that
is material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

     (b) To the Company's Knowledge, as of the date hereof, neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any director, officer, employee or agent of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, except for any of such uses, payments or
transactions as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful payments relating to
political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee or to any foreign or domestic political party or
campaign or violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended, (iii) consummated any transaction, made any payment, entered into
any agreement or arrangement or taken any other action in violation of Section
1128B(b) of the Social Security Act, as amended, or (iv) made any other unlawful
payment.

     2.9. SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

     (a) The Company has filed all forms, reports, schedules, statements and
documents required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC") since January 1, 1998 (collectively, the "Company SEC Reports") pursuant
to the federal securities Laws and the Regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder, and all Company SEC Reports have been filed in all material respects
on a timely basis. The Company SEC Reports were prepared in accordance, and
complied as of their respective filing dates in all material respects, with the
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Securities Act and the Regulations
promulgated thereunder and did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or
superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, then on the date of such
filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. None of the Company's Subsidiaries has filed, or is
obligated to file, any forms, reports, schedules, statements or other documents
with the SEC.

     (b) Each of the audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements
(including, in each case, any related notes thereto) contained in the Company
SEC Reports (the "SEC Financial Statements") (i) complied as to form in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published
Regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) were prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") (except, in the case of
unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC) applied on a
consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except as may be indicated in
the notes thereto) and (iii) fairly present in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of the Company as at the respective dates
thereof and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the
periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements
included in the Company's Form 10-Q reports were or are subject to normal and
recurring year-end adjustments.

     (c) The unaudited consolidated financial statements previously provided to
Parent, as at December 31, 2000 and for the fiscal year then ended (the
"December 31 Financial Statements"), were prepared in accordance with GAAP (with
the exception of the absence of footnotes) applied on a consistent basis with
the SEC Financial Statements, and fairly present in all material respects the
consolidated financial position of the Company as at the date thereof and the
consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated.

     2.10. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

     (a) Except as described in Section 2.10(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or as set forth in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of
this Agreement, since December 31, 2000, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
conducted their businesses only in the ordinary and usual course and in

                                       A-12

a manner consistent with past practice, and, since such date, there has not been
any change, development, circumstance, condition, event, occurrence, damage,
destruction or loss that has had or could reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

     (b) Except as described in Section 2.10(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or as set forth in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of
this Agreement, during the period from December 31, 2000 to the date hereof, (i)
there has not been any change by the Company in its accounting methods,
principles or practices, any revaluation by the Company of any of its assets,
including, writing down the value of inventory or writing off notes or accounts
receivable, and (ii) there has not been any action or event, and neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed in writing or otherwise to take
any action, that would have required the consent of Parent pursuant to Section
4.1 had such action or event occurred or been taken after the date hereof and
prior to the Effective Time.

     2.11. No Undisclosed Liabilities.

     Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or
obligations of any nature (whether absolute, accrued, fixed, contingent or
otherwise), and there is no existing fact, condition or circumstance which could
reasonably be expected to result in such liabilities or obligations, except
liabilities or obligations (i) reflected in the Company SEC Reports filed and
publicly available prior to the date hereof or in the December 31 Financial
Statements, (ii) disclosed in Section 2.11 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
or (iii) incurred in the ordinary course of business which do not have, and
could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect.

     2.12. Absence of Litigation.

     Except as described in Section 2.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or
expressly described in the Company SEC Reports filed and publicly available
prior to the date hereof, there is no Litigation pending against or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective properties or rights, before or subject
to any Court or Governmental Authority, which, if adversely determined, could,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to
any outstanding Litigation or Order, which, individually or in the aggregate,
has had or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect.

     2.13. Employee Benefit Plans.

     (a) Section 2.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and
complete list of each "employee benefit plan" (within the meaning of Section
3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended
("ERISA"), including, without limitation, multiemployer plans within the meaning
of ERISA Section 3(37)), and all stock purchase, stock option, severance,
employment, change-in-control, fringe benefit, collective bargaining, bonus,
incentive, deferred compensation and all other employee benefit plans,
agreements, programs, policies or other arrangements, whether or not subject to
ERISA (including any funding mechanism therefor now in effect or required in the
future as a result of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement or
otherwise), whether formal or informal, oral or written, legally binding or not,
under which any employee or former employee of the Company or its Subsidiaries
(the "Company Employees") has any present or future right to benefits sponsored
or maintained by the Company or its Subsidiaries or under which the Company or
its Subsidiaries has any present or future liability. All such plans,
agreements, programs, policies and arrangements shall be collectively referred
to as the "Employee Plans".

     (b) With respect to each Employee Plan, the Company has provided to Parent
a current, accurate and complete copy (or, to the extent no such copy exists, an
accurate description) thereof and, to the extent applicable: (i) any related
trust agreement or other funding instrument; (ii) the most recent determination
letter, if applicable; (iii) any summary plan description and other written
communications (or a description of any oral communications) by the Company or
its Subsidiaries to their employees

                                       A-13

concerning the extent of the benefits provided under an Employee Plan; and (iv)
for the three most recent years (A) the Form 5500 and attached schedules, (B)
audited financial statements, and (C) actuarial valuation reports.

     (c)(i) Each Employee Plan has been established and administered in
substantial compliance with its terms, and in substantial compliance with the
applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other applicable laws, rules and
regulations; (ii) each Employee Plan which is intended to be qualified within
the meaning of Code Section 401(a) has received a favorable determination letter
as to its qualification, and to the Knowledge of the Company, nothing has
occurred, whether by action or failure to act, that could reasonably be expected
to cause the loss of such qualification; (iii) to the Knowledge of the Company,
no event has occurred and no condition exists that would subject the Company or
its Subsidiaries, either directly or by reason of their affiliation with any
member of their "Controlled Group" (defined as any organization which is a
member of a controlled group of organizations within the meaning of Code
Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o)), to any tax, fine, lien, penalty or other
liability imposed by ERISA, the Code or other applicable laws, rules and
regulations; (iv) no "reportable event" (as such term is defined in ERISA
Section 4043), to the Knowledge of the Company, nonexempt "prohibited
transaction" (as such term is defined in ERISA Section 406 and Code Section
4975) or "accumulated funding deficiency" (as such term is defined in ERISA
Section 302 and Code Section 412 (whether or not waived)) has occurred with
respect to any Employee Plan; (v) except as disclosed in Schedule 2.13(c)(v), no
Employee Plan provides retiree welfare benefits except as defined under Section
4980B of the Code, and except as disclosed on Schedule 2.13(c)(v), neither the
Company nor its Subsidiaries have any obligations to provide any retiree welfare
benefits except as required under Section 4980B of the Code; and (vi) neither
the Company nor any member of its Controlled Group has engaged in, or is a
successor or parent corporation to an entity that has engaged in, a transaction
described in Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA.

     (d) None of the Employee Plans is subject to Title IV of ERISA (including,
without limitation, any multiemployer plan within the meaning of ERISA Section
4001(a)(3)) and none of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any member of their
Controlled Group has incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA which
remains unsatisfied.

     (e) With respect to any Employee Plan, (i) no actions, suits or claims
(other than routine claims for benefits in the ordinary course) are pending or,
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, (ii) other than routine benefits
processing, to the Knowledge of the Company no facts or circumstances exist that
could give rise to any such actions, suits or claims and (iii) no administrative
investigation, audit or other administrative proceeding by the Department of
Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, the Internal Revenue Service or
other governmental agencies are pending, in progress or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened.

     (f) Except as provided in Section 2.13(f) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, no Employee Plan exists that could result in the payment to any
present or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
money or other property or accelerate or provide any other rights or benefits to
any present or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a
result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except as provided in
Section 2.13(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there is no Contract, plan
or arrangement (written or otherwise) covering any employee or former employee
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or collectively,
could give rise to the payment of any amount that would not be deductible
pursuant to the terms of Section 280G of the Code.

     (g) Section 2.13(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true
and complete list of each current or former employee, officer, director and
investor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who holds, as of the date
hereof, any option, warrant or other right to purchase Company Common Stock or
Company Preferred Stock or any shares of restricted stock, if any, together with
the number of shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock, if any,
subject to such option, warrant or right, the date of grant or issuance of such
option, warrant or right, the extent to which such option, warrant or

                                       A-14

right is vested and/or exercisable, the exercise price of such option, warrant
or right, whether such option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock
option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code, and the expiration date
of each such option, warrant and right. Section 2.13(g) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule also sets forth the total number of such options, warrants
and rights.

     2.14. Employment and Labor Matters.

     (a) Except as set forth in Section 2.14(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, none of the Company's or any Subsidiary's employment policies or
practices is currently being audited or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
investigated by any Governmental Authority or Court. Except as set forth in
Section 2.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as could not, individually
or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened Litigation,
unfair labor practice charge, or other charge or inquiry against the Company or
any Subsidiary brought by or on behalf of any employee, prospective employee,
former employee, retiree, labor organization or other representative of the
Company's or Subsidiary's employees, or other individual or any Governmental
Authority with respect to employment practices.

     (b) Except as set forth in Section 2.14(b) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, (i) there are no material controversies pending or threatened, between
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any of their respective employees;
(ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any
collective bargaining agreement or other labor union Contract applicable to
Persons employed by the Company or its Subsidiaries nor are there any activities
or proceedings of any labor union to organize any such employees of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries of which the Company is aware; (iii) during the past
five years there have been no strikes, slowdowns, work stoppages, disputes,
lockouts, or threats thereof, by or with respect to any employees of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries; and (iv) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is a
party to, or otherwise bound by, any consent decree with, or citation or other
Order by, any Governmental Authority relating to employees or employment
practices. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all
material respects with all material Laws, Contracts, and policies relating to
employment, employment practices, wages, hours, and terms and conditions of
employment, including the obligations of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification Act of 1988, as amended ("WARN"), and all other notification and
bargaining obligations arising under any collective bargaining agreement, by Law
or otherwise. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company has
effectuated a "plant closing" or "mass layoff" as those terms are defined in
WARN, affecting in whole or in part any site of employment, facility, operating
unit or employee of the Company, without complying with all material provisions
of WARN or implemented any early retirement, separation or window program within
the past five years, nor has the Company or any Subsidiary planned or announced
any such action or program for the future.

     2.15. Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

     None of the information supplied by the Company for inclusion in the
registration statement on Form S-4, or any amendment or supplement thereto,
pursuant to which the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger
will be registered with the SEC (including any amendments or supplements, the
"Registration Statement") shall, at the time such document is filed, at the time
amended or supplemented and at the time the Registration Statement is declared
effective by the SEC, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. None of the information supplied by the Company for
inclusion in the proxy statement/prospectus to be sent to the stockholders of
the Company in connection with the meeting of the stockholders of the Company to
consider the Merger and vote on a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement (the
"Company Stockholders' Meeting") (such proxy statement/prospectus, as amended or
supplemented, is referred to herein as the "Proxy Statement") shall, on the date
the Proxy Statement is first mailed to the stockholders of the Company, at the
time of the Company Stockholders' Meeting and at the Effective Time, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact

                                       A-15

required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or
misleading. The Proxy Statement shall comply in all material respects as to form
and substance with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the Regulations
promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no
representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by Parent or
Merger Sub which is contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement or Proxy Statement.

     2.16. Taxes.

     For purposes of this Agreement, "Tax" or "Taxes" shall mean taxes and
governmental impositions of any kind in the nature of (or similar to) taxes,
payable to any federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority, including
those on or measured by or referred to as income, franchise, profits, gross
receipts, capital ad valorem, custom duties, alternative or add-on minimum
taxes, estimated, environmental, disability, registration, value added, sales,
use, service, real or personal property, capital stock, license, payroll,
withholding, employment, social security, workers' compensation, unemployment
compensation, utility, severance, production, excise, stamp, occupation,
premiums, windfall profits, transfer and gains taxes, and interest, penalties
and additions to tax imposed with respect thereto; and "Tax Returns" shall mean
returns, reports and information statements, including any schedule or
attachment thereto, with respect to Taxes required to be filed with the Internal
Revenue Service or any other governmental or taxing authority or agency,
domestic or foreign, including consolidated, combined and unitary tax returns.
Except as set forth in Section 2.16 of the Company Disclosure Schedule:

          (a) All material Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of
     the Company, each of its Subsidiaries, and each affiliated, combined,
     consolidated or unitary group of which the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries is a member have, to the extent required to be filed on or
     before the date hereof, been timely filed, and all such Tax Returns are
     true, complete and correct in all material respects.

          (b) All material Taxes due and payable by or with respect to the
     Company and each of its Subsidiaries shown on any Tax Return have been
     timely paid. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have established
     adequate reserves (other than reserves for deferred Taxes established to
     reflect timing differences between book and Tax treatment) in accordance
     with GAAP on the respective company's Balance Sheet for any material Taxes
     not yet due for all periods ending on or before the date of the latest
     Balance Sheet. All assessments for material Taxes due and owing by or with
     respect to the Company and each of its Subsidiaries with respect to
     completed and settled examinations or concluded litigation have been paid.
     Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred a Tax
     liability from the date of the latest Balance Sheet other than a Tax
     liability in the ordinary course of business. No material claim for unpaid
     Taxes has become a Lien against the property of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries or is being asserted against the property of the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries other than liens for Taxes not yet due and payable
     or for Taxes contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have
     been established.

          (c) No action, suit, proceeding, investigation, claim or audit has
     formally commenced and no written notice has been received that such audit
     or other proceeding is pending or threatened by any Governmental Authority
     with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any group of
     corporations of which any of the Company and its Subsidiaries has been a
     member, with regard to years or periods during which the Company or its
     Subsidiaries were a member thereof in respect of any Taxes, and all
     deficiencies proposed as a result of such actions, suits, proceedings,
     investigations, claims or audits have been paid, reserved against or
     settled.

          (d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has requested, or
     been granted any waiver of any federal, state, local or foreign statute of
     limitations with respect to, or any extension of a period for the
     assessment of, any Tax. No extension or waiver of time within which to file
     any Tax Return of, or applicable to, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     has been granted or requested which has not since expired.

                                       A-16

          (e) To the Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries has been a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or
     unitary group (other than a group the common parent of which was the
     Company) or has any material liability for the Taxes of any Person under
     Treasury Regulation sec. 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local
     or foreign law), as a transferee or successor, by contract or otherwise.

          (f) None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or
     is bound by or has any obligation under any Tax sharing agreement or
     similar contract or arrangement. No closing agreement pursuant to Section
     7121 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign law)
     has been entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

          (g) The Company and its Subsidiaries have not made any material
     payments, are not obligated to make any material payments, and are not a
     party to any agreements that under any circumstances could obligate any of
     them to make any material payments, that will not be deductible under
     Section 280G or Section 162(m) of the Code.

          (h) The Company has not been a United States real property holding
     corporation within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the
     applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.

          (i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have complied with all
     applicable Laws relating to the payment, collection, withholding and
     deposit, as the case may be, of Taxes (including, without limitation,
     withholding of Taxes pursuant to Sections 1441, 1442 and 3406 of the Code
     or similar provisions under any foreign Laws) and, to the extent required,
     have paid all amounts to the relevant Governmental Authority, and have,
     within the time and in the manner required by Law, withheld from employee
     wages and paid over to the proper Governmental Authorities all amounts
     required to be so withheld and paid over under all applicable Laws. The
     Company and its Subsidiaries have collected all material sales and use
     taxes required to be collected, and have remitted, or will remit on a
     timely basis, such amounts to the appropriate Governmental Authorities, or
     have been furnished properly completed exemption certificates and have
     maintained all such records and supporting documents in the manner required
     by all applicable sales and use tax statutes an regulations for all periods
     for which the statute of limitations has not expired.

          (j) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has made an
     election under Section 341(f) of the Code.

          (k) None of the Company and its Subsidiaries will be required to
     include any material amount in taxable income for any taxable period (or
     portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of a change in
     the method of accounting for a taxable period ending prior to the Closing
     Date, any "closing agreement" as described in Section 7121 of the Code (or
     any corresponding provision of state, local or foreign Tax Laws) entered
     into prior to the Closing Date, any sale reported on the installment method
     that occurred prior to the Closing Date, or any taxable income attributable
     to any amount that is economically accrued prior to the Closing Date.

          (l) None of the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a party
     to any distribution occurring during the last two years in which the
     parties to the distribution treated the distribution as one to which
     Section 355 of the Code is applicable.

     2.17. Environmental Matters.

     (a) Except as described on Section 2.17 of the Company Disclosure Schedule,
as expressly described in the written materials provided to the Parent or as
expressly described in any Environmental Report obtained by Parent with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and except as could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect:
(i) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries complies and have complied, during
all applicable statute of limitations periods, with all applicable Environmental
Laws, and possess and comply, and have possessed and complied during all
applicable statute of limitations periods, with all Environmental Permits; (ii)
to
                                       A-17

the Knowledge of the Company, there are and have been no Materials of
Environmental Concern or other conditions at any property owned, operated, or
otherwise used by the Company now or in the past, or at any other location
(including without limitation any facility to which Materials of Environmental
Concern from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries), that are in circumstances
that could reasonably be expected to give rise to any liability of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or result in costs to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries arising out of any Environmental Law; (iii) no Litigation
(including, to the Knowledge of the Company, any notice of violation or alleged
violation), under any Environmental Law or with respect to any Materials of
Environmental Concern to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is, or to
the Knowledge of the Company will be, named as a party, or affecting their
business, is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, nor is the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries the subject of any investigation to its
Knowledge or the recipient of any request for information in connection with any
such Litigation or potential Litigation; (iv) there are no Orders or agreements
under any Environmental Law or with respect to any Materials of Environmental
Concern to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or affecting
their business; and (v) to the Knowledge of the Company, each of the foregoing
representations and warranties is true and correct with respect to any entity
for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has assumed or retained
liability, whether by Contract or operation of Law.

     (b) The Company has furnished or made available to Parent true and complete
copies of all Environmental Reports in the possession of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries.

     (c) For purposes of this Agreement, the terms below are defined as follows:

          "Environmental Laws" shall mean any and all Laws, Orders, guidelines,
     codes, or other legally enforceable requirement (including, without
     limitation, common law) of any foreign government, the United States, or
     any state, local, municipal or other Governmental Authority, regulating,
     relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning
     protection of the environment or of human health.

          "Environmental Permits" shall mean any and all permits, licenses,
     registrations, notifications, exemptions and any other Approvals required
     of the Company under any Environmental Law.

          "Environmental Report" shall mean any report, study, assessment,
     audit, or other similar document that addresses any issue of actual or
     potential noncompliance with, actual or potential liability under or cost
     arising out of, or actual or potential impact on business in connection
     with, any Environmental Law or any proposed or anticipated change in or
     addition to Environmental Law, that may in any way affect the Company or
     any entity for which it may be liable or any Subsidiary.

          "Materials of Environmental Concern" shall mean any gasoline or
     petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum
     products, polychlorinated biphenyls, urea-formaldehyde insulation,
     asbestos, pollutants, contaminants, radioactivity, and any other substances
     of any kind, whether or not any such substance is defined as hazardous or
     toxic under any Environmental Law, that is regulated pursuant to or could
     give rise to liability under any Environmental Law.

     2.18. Intellectual Property.

     (a) The Company has provided or made available all material United States
and foreign patent, copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress, domain name
and other registrations, and applications, and all material unregistered
Intellectual Property owned or used by the Company or its Subsidiaries ("Company
Intellectual Property").

     (b) To the Knowledge of the Company, all material patents and Company
Intellectual Property (and all applications therefor) are currently in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable legal requirements
(including timely filings, proofs and payments of fees), and to the Knowledge of
the Company, are valid and enforceable, except for such noncompliance,
invalidity or unenforceability that could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                                       A-18

     (c) Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries own
or have the valid right to use all of the Intellectual Property used in the
conduct of the Company's and each of its Subsidiaries' business as currently
conducted and for the ownership, maintenance and operation of the Company's and
its Subsidiaries' properties and assets, free of any obligation to pay
royalties, honoraria or other fees, except as set forth in Section 2.18(c) of
the Company Disclosure Schedule. Except as could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company
and its Subsidiaries own, free and clear of all Liens or adverse ownership
claims (including by current and former employees and contractors) all their
owned Company Intellectual Property.

     (d) Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its
Subsidiaries have taken all commercially reasonable steps to maintain, police
and protect the Intellectual Property which they own or use, including the
execution of all appropriate Intellectual Property assignments and releases,
(including from past and current employees and contractors), true and complete
representative copies of which have been delivered to Parent. To the Knowledge
of the Company, except under written confidentiality agreements, there has been
no disclosure of any confidential Company Intellectual Property to any third
party, which could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Section 2.18(d) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of the Company and except as could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (i) the conduct of the Company's and its Subsidiaries'
businesses as currently conducted or planned to be conducted does not infringe
or otherwise impair or conflict with ("Infringe") any Intellectual Property of
any third party, and the Company Intellectual Property is not being Infringed by
any third party, (ii) there is no Litigation or Order pending or outstanding, or
to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, that seeks to limit or challenge or
that concerns the ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any Company
Intellectual Property.

     2.19. Insurance.

     The Company's policies of insurance and bonds as currently in effect are of
the type and in amounts customarily carried by Persons conducting businesses
similar to those of the Company and its Subsidiaries. To the Knowledge of the
Company, there is no material claim by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
pending under any of such policies or bonds as to which coverage has been
questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds.
All premiums payable under all such policies and bonds have been paid and the
Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with the terms of such
policies and bonds (or other policies and bonds providing substantially similar
insurance coverage), and the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to,
maintain in full force and effect all such insurance during the period from the
date hereof through the Closing Date. To the Knowledge of the Company, there is
not any threatened termination of or material premium increase with respect to
any of such policies or bonds.

     2.20. No Restrictions on the Merger; Takeover Statutes.

     The Board of Directors of the Company has, on or prior to the date hereof,
approved this Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby and such approval is sufficient to render
inapplicable to this Agreement, the Option Agreement, the Merger and any other
transactions contemplated hereby, the restrictions on business combinations of
Section 203 of the DGCL. To the Company's Knowledge, no other takeover statute
or similar Law applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries or any Material
Agreement to which any of them is a party (a) would or would purport to impose
restrictions which might adversely affect or delay the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or the Option Agreement, or (b) as
a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
or the Option Agreement or the acquisition of securities of the Company or the
Surviving Corporation by Parent or Merger Sub (i) would or would purport to
restrict or impair the ability of Parent to vote or otherwise exercise the
rights of a stockholder with respect to

                                       A-19

securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that may be acquired or
controlled by Parent or (ii) would or would purport to entitle any Person to
acquire securities of the Company.

     2.21. Pooling; Tax Matters.

     (a) To the Knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any of its
Affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action, failed to take any action or
is aware of any fact or circumstance that would prevent (i) the Merger from
being treated for financial accounting purposes as a "pooling of interests" in
accordance with GAAP and the Regulations of the SEC or (ii) the Merger from
constituting a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     (b) The Company has no Knowledge of any reason why it may not receive a
letter from KPMG LLP (the "Company's Accountants") dated as of the Closing Date
and addressed to the Company in which the Company's Accountants will concur with
the Company management's conclusion that no conditions exist related to the
Company that would preclude Parent from accounting for the Merger as a "pooling
of interests."

     (c) Section 2.21(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and
complete list of all Persons who, to the Knowledge of the Company, may be deemed
to be Affiliates of the Company, excluding all of its Subsidiaries but including
all directors and executive officers of the Company.

     2.22. Brokers.

     No broker, financial advisor, finder or investment banker or other Person
is entitled to any broker's, financial advisor's, finder's or other fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company, except for
Robertson Stephens, Inc. (the "Company Financial Advisors"). Section 2.22 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, and the Company has heretofore furnished
to Parent a true and complete copy of, all agreements between the Company and
the Company Financial Advisors pursuant to which such Person would be entitled
to any payment relating to the transactions contemplated hereunder.

     2.23. Interested Party Transactions.

     Except as disclosed in Section 2.23 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or
in SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof, there are no existing Contracts,
transactions, indebtedness or other arrangements, or any related series thereof,
between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any of the
directors, officers, stockholders or other Affiliates of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Affiliates or family members, on the
other (except for amounts due as normal salaries and bonuses and in
reimbursement of ordinary expenses).

     2.24. Opinion of Financial Advisor.

     The Company has received the written opinion of the Company Financial
Advisors to the effect that, in its opinion, as of the date hereof, the Exchange
Ratio to be used in the Merger is fair to such stockholders of the Company from
a financial point of view, and the Company has provided copies of such opinion
to Parent.

     2.25. Company Rights Agreement.

     The Company Board of Directors has approved and duly authorized and the
Company has executed an amendment and will amend, within two Business Days of
the date of this Agreement,(substantially in the form provided to Parent) the
Company Rights Agreement to the effect that neither of Parent or Merger Sub or
any of their respective Affiliates shall become an Acquiring Person (as defined
in the Company Rights Agreement), and that no Distribution Date (as defined in
the Company Rights Agreement) will occur, and that the Company Rights will not
separate from the underlying shares of Company Common Stock or give the holders
thereof the right to acquire securities of any party hereto, in

                                       A-20

each case as a result of the approval, execution or delivery of this Agreement,
the Option Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
or thereby. The Company Rights Agreement shall terminate and be of no further
force or effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, without any
consideration being payable with respect to the outstanding Company Rights
thereunder.

                                  ARTICLE III

            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

     Parent and Merger Sub hereby, jointly and severally, represent and warrant
to the Company as follows:

     3.1. Organization and Qualification.

     Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of Delaware. Parent has all the
requisite corporate power and authority, and is in possession of all Approvals
necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business
as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to be so qualified,
existing and in good standing or to have such power, authority and Approvals
could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is duly qualified or
licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in
each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned, leased or
operated by it or the nature of its activities makes such qualification or
licensing necessary, except for such failures to be so duly qualified or
licensed and in good standing that could not, either individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Merger Sub
is a newly-formed single purpose entity which has been formed solely for the
purposes of the Merger and will not carry on any business or engage in any
activities other than those reasonably related to the Merger.

     3.2. Capitalization.

     (a) The authorized capital of Parent consists of 960,000,000 shares of
Parent Common Stock and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001
per share ("Parent Preferred Stock"). As of January 25, 2001, (i) 285,248,567
shares of Parent Common Stock were issued and outstanding; (ii) no shares of
Parent Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding; (iii) no shares of Parent
Common Stock were held by any Subsidiary of the Parent; (iv) 74,296,016 shares
of Parent Common Stock were duly reserved for future issuance upon exercise of
options granted to employees under its employee stock option plans (the "Parent
Option Plans"); and (v) a sufficient number of shares of Parent Common Stock
were duly reserved for future issuance pursuant to the Employee Stock
Participation Plan. None of the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock are
subject to, nor were they issued in violation of any, purchase option, call
option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any
similar right. Except as set forth above and in Section 3.2(a) of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule, as of the date hereof, no shares of voting or non-voting
capital stock, other equity interests, or other voting securities of Parent were
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. Except as described in Section
3.2(a) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, all outstanding options to purchase
Parent Common Stock were granted under the Parent Option Plans. All of the
outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock are, and all shares to be issued as
part of the Merger Consideration will be, when issued in accordance with the
terms hereof, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of Parent with
voting rights (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities with voting
rights) on any matters on which stockholders of Parent may vote. As of the date
hereof, the authorized capital stock of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares of
Merger Sub Common Stock, of which 100 shares of Merger Sub Common Stock are
outstanding. All of the outstanding shares of Merger Sub Common Stock are owned
by Parent.

     (b) Except as set forth on Section 3.2(b) of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule, all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each of the Parent's
Subsidiaries have been duly authorized, validly issued, fully
                                       A-21

paid and nonassessable, are not subject to, and were not issued in violation of,
any preemptive (or similar) rights, and are owned, of record and beneficially,
by Parent or one of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries, free and clear of all
Liens whatsoever. Except as set forth in Section 3.2(b) of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule, there are no restrictions of any kind which prevent the payment of
dividends by any of the Parent's Subsidiaries, and neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries is subject to any obligation or requirement to provide funds for or
to make any investment (in the form of a loan or capital contribution) to or in
any Person.

     (c) Except for outstanding options under the Parent Option Plans and except
as described in Section 3.2(c) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, as of the date
hereof, there are no outstanding securities, options, warrants, calls, rights,
convertible or exchangeable securities, commitments, agreements, arrangements or
undertakings of any kind (contingent or otherwise) to which Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of them is bound, obligating Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued,
delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other voting securities
of Parent or of any of its Subsidiaries or obligating Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such security, option,
warrant, call, right, commitment, agreement, arrangement or undertaking. Except
as described in Section 3.2(c) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, as of the date
hereof, there are no stock-appreciation rights, stock-based performance units,
"phantom" stock rights or other agreements, arrangements or commitments of any
character (contingent or otherwise) pursuant to which any Person is or may be
entitled to receive any payment or other value based on the revenues, earnings
or financial performance, stock price performance or other attribute of Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries or assets or calculated in accordance therewith
(other than ordinary course payments or commissions to employees or sales
representatives of Parent based upon revenues generated by them without
augmentation as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby) (collectively,
"Stock-Based Rights") or to cause Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act, or which otherwise relate to
the registration of any securities of Parent. Except as set forth in Section
3.2(c) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule, there are no voting trusts, proxies or
other agreements, commitments or understandings of any character to which Parent
or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge (as defined herein) of Parent,
any of Parent's stockholders is a party or by which any of them is bound with
respect to the issuance, holding, acquisition, voting or disposition of any
shares of capital stock of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

     3.3. Authority; Enforceability.

     Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and each instrument required
hereby to be executed and delivered by it at the Closing, to perform its
obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery by each of Parent
and Merger Sub of this Agreement and each instrument required hereby to be
executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub at the Closing and the
performance of their respective obligations hereunder and thereunder have been
duly and validly authorized by the Board of Directors of each of Parent and
Merger Sub and by Parent as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub. Except for
filing of the Certificate of Merger, no other corporate proceedings on the part
of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by each of Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery hereof by the Company, constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of each of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of
Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms.

     3.4. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

     (a) The execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement,
the Option Agreement or any instrument required by this Agreement to be executed
and delivered by Parent or Merger Sub at the Closing do not, and the performance
of this Agreement, the Option Agreement or any instrument required by this
Agreement to be executed and delivered by Parent or Merger Sub at the Closing,
shall

                                       A-22

not, (i) conflict with or violate the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or
equivalent organizational documents of Parent, Merger Sub or any Subsidiary of
Parent, (ii) conflict with or violate any Law or Order in each case applicable
to Parent, Merger Sub or any Subsidiary of Parent or by which its or any of
their respective properties or assets is bound or affected, or (iii) result in
any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice
or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or impair Parent's,
Merger Sub's or any Subsidiary of Parent's rights or alter the rights or
obligations of any third party under, or give to others any rights of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the
creation of a Lien on any of the properties or assets of Parent, Merger Sub or
any Subsidiary of Parent pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
Contract, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Parent,
Merger Sub or any Subsidiary of Parent is a party or by which Parent, Merger Sub
or any Subsidiary of Parent or its or any of their respective properties or
assets is bound or affected, except (A) as set forth in Section 3.4(a) of the
Parent Disclosure Schedule or (B) in the case of clause (ii) or (iii) above, for
any such conflicts, breaches, violations, defaults or other occurrences that
could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

     (b) The execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement
do not, and the performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement shall
not, require Parent, Merger Sub or any Subsidiary of Parent to obtain the
Approval of, observe any waiting period imposed by, or make any filing with or
notification to, any Governmental Authority, domestic or foreign, except for (A)
compliance with applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act,
Blue Sky Laws, or the pre-Merger notification requirements of the HSR Act or
Foreign Competition Laws, (B) the filing of the Certificate of Merger in
accordance with Delaware law, (C) the filing of a listing application or other
documents as required by the New York Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ National
Market System or (D) where the failure to obtain such Approvals, or to make such
filings or notifications, would not individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     3.5. Compliance.

     (a) Parent, Merger Sub and each Subsidiary of Parent are in compliance
with, and are not in default or violation of (i) their respective Certificates
of Incorporation and Bylaws or equivalent organizational documents, (ii) any Law
or Order or by which any of their respective assets or properties are bound or
affected and (iii) the terms of all notes, bonds, mortgages, indentures,
Contracts, permits, franchises and other instruments or obligations to which any
of them is a party or by which any of them is or any of their respective assets
or properties are bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii) and
(iii), for any such failures of compliance, defaults and violations which could
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Parent, Parent and its Subsidiaries have
conducted their export transactions in all material respects in accordance with
applicable provisions of United States export control laws and regulations,
including but not limited to (A) the Export Administration Act and the Export
Administration Regulations thereunder and (B) the Arms Export Control Act and
the International Traffic in Arms Regulations thereunder. Without limiting the
foregoing, Parent represents and warrants that, to its Knowledge, (1) it and its
Subsidiaries have obtained all material export licenses and other approvals
required for their exports of products, software and technologies from the
United States, (2) it and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with the
terms of all applicable export licenses or other approvals, (3) there are no
pending or threatened material claims against Parent or its Subsidiaries with
respect to export licenses or other approvals, and (4) there are no actions,
conditions or circumstances pertaining to Parent's or its Subsidiaries' export
transactions that may give rise to any future material claim. Parent, Merger Sub
and each Subsidiary of Parent are in compliance with the terms of all Approvals,
except where the failure to so comply could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as
set forth in Section 3.5 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule or as could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor any of Parent's Subsidiaries
has received notice of any revocation or modification of any federal, state,
local or foreign

                                       A-23

Governmental Authority, or any Approval of any federal, state, local or foreign
Governmental Authority that is material to Parent, Merger Sub or any Subsidiary
of Parent.

     (b) To Parent's Knowledge, as of the date hereof, none of the Parent,
Merger Sub nor any Subsidiary of Parent, nor any director, officer, employee or
agent of Parent, Merger Sub or any such Subsidiary has, except for any such use,
payment or transaction as could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (i) used any funds for
unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful payments relating
to political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee or to any foreign or domestic political party or
campaign or violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended, (iii) consummated any transaction, made any payment, entered into
any agreement or arrangement or taken any other action in violation of the
Social Security Act, as amended, or (iv) made any other unlawful payment.

     3.6. SEC Filings; Financial Statements.

     (a) Parent has filed all reports and documents required to be filed with
the SEC since January 1, 1998 (collectively, the "Parent SEC Reports") pursuant
to the federal securities Laws and Regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder, and all Parent SEC Reports have been filed in all material respects
on a timely basis. The Parent SEC Reports were prepared in accordance, and
complied as of their respective filing dates in all material respects, with the
requirements of the Exchange Act and the Regulations promulgated thereunder and
did not at the time they were filed (or if amended or superseded by a filing
prior to the date hereof, then on the date of such filing) contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

     (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case,
any related notes thereto) contained in Parent SEC Reports (i) complied in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published
Regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, (ii) were prepared in accordance
with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form
10-Q of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved
(except as may be expressly described in the notes thereto) and (iii) fairly
presents the consolidated financial position of Parent as at the respective
dates thereof and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for
the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements
included in the Company's Form 10-Q reports were or are subject to normal and
recurring year-end adjustments that have not been and are not expected to be
material in amount to Parent.

     3.7. Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

     (a) Except as described in Section 3.7(a) of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule, since September 30, 2000, Parent has conducted its businesses in the
ordinary and usual course and in a manner consistent with past practice, and,
since such date, there has not been any change, development, circumstance,
condition, event, occurrence, damage, destruction or loss that has had or could
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect.

     (b) Except as described in Section 3.7(b) of the Parent Disclosure
Schedule, during the period from September 30, 2000 to the date hereof, (i)
there has not been any change by Parent in its accounting methods, principles or
practices, any revaluation by Parent of any of its assets, including, writing
down the value of inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable, and
(ii) there has not been any action or event, and neither Parent nor any of its
Subsidiaries has agreed in writing or otherwise to take any action, that would
have required the consent of the Company pursuant to Section 4.2 had such action
or event occurred or been taken after the date hereof and prior to the Effective
Time.

                                       A-24

     3.8. No Undisclosed Liabilities.

     Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or
obligations of any nature (whether absolute, accrued, fixed, contingent or
otherwise), and there is no existing fact, condition or circumstance which could
reasonably be expected to result in such liabilities or obligations, except
liabilities or obligations (i) reflected in Parent SEC Reports filed and
publicly available prior to the date hereof, (ii) disclosed in Section 3.8 of
the Parent Disclosure Schedule, or (iii) incurred in the ordinary course of
business which do not have, and could not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

     3.9. Absence of Litigation.

     Except as described in Section 3.8 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule or
expressly described in the Parent SEC Reports filed and publicly available prior
to the date hereof, there is no Litigation pending on behalf of or against or,
to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened against Parent, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective properties or rights, before or subject to any Court
or Governmental Authority which if adversely determined could, individually or
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any outstanding
Litigation or Order which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     3.10. Environmental Matters.

     Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) Parent and each of its
Subsidiaries complies and have complied, during all applicable statute of
limitations periods, with all applicable Environmental Laws, and possess and
comply, and have possessed and complied during all applicable statute of
limitations periods, with all Environmental Permits; (ii) to the Knowledge of
Parent, there are and have been no Materials of Environmental Concern or other
conditions at any property owned, operated, or otherwise used by Parent now or
in the past, or at any other location (including without limitation any facility
to which Materials of Environmental Concern from Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries), that are in circumstances that could reasonably be expected to
give rise to any liability of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, or result in
costs to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries arising out of any Environmental Law;
(iii) no Litigation (including, to the Knowledge of Parent, any notice of
violation or alleged violation), under any Environmental Law or with respect to
any Materials of Environmental Concern to which Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries is, or to the Knowledge of Parent will be, named as a party, or
affecting their business, is pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened;
nor is Parent or any of its Subsidiaries the subject of any investigation or the
recipient of any request for information in connection with any such Litigation
or potential Litigation; (iv) there are no Orders or agreements under any
Environmental Law or with respect to any Materials of Environmental Concern to
which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or affecting their business;
and (v) to the Knowledge of Parent, each of the foregoing representations and
warranties is true and correct with respect to any entity for which Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries has assumed or retained liability, whether by Contract
or operation of Law.

     3.11. Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

     None of the information supplied by Parent for inclusion in the
Registration Statement shall, at the time such document is filed, at the time
amended or supplemented, or at the time the Registration Statement is declared
effective by the SEC, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. None of the information supplied by Parent for inclusion
in the Proxy Statement shall, on the date the Proxy Statement is first mailed to
the stockholders of the Company, at the time of Company Stockholders' Meeting
and at the Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
                                       A-25

which they are made, not false or misleading. The Registration Statement will
comply as to form in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities
Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent makes no representation, warranty or
covenant with respect to any information supplied by the Company which is
contained in the Registration Statement or Proxy Statement.

     3.12. Brokers.

     No broker, financial advisor, finder or investment banker or other Person
is entitled to any broker's, financial advisor's, finder's or other fee or
commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent, except for Thomas Weisel
Partners (the "Parent Financial Advisors").

     3.13. Pooling; Tax Matters.

     (a) The Parent intends that the Merger be accounted for under the "pooling
of interests" method under the requirements of Opinion No. 16 (Business
Combinations) of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, and the
Regulations of the SEC.

     (b) To the Knowledge of Parent, neither Parent and Merger Sub nor any of
their Affiliates has taken or agreed to take any action or failed to take any
action that would prevent (a) the Merger from being treated for financial
accounting purposes as a "pooling of interests" in accordance with GAAP and the
Regulations of the SEC or (b) the Merger from constituting a reorganization
within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     (c) Parent has no Knowledge of any reason why it may not receive a letter
from Ernst & Young LLP (the "Parent's Accountants") dated as of the Closing Date
and addressed to Parent in which the Parent's Accountants will concur with
Parent management's conclusion that no conditions exist related to Parent that
would preclude Parent from accounting for the Merger as a "pooling of
interests."

     3.14. Taxes.

     Except as set forth in Section 3.14 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule:

          (a) All material Tax Returns required to be filed by or on behalf of
     the Parent, each of its Subsidiaries, and each affiliated, combined,
     consolidated or unitary group of which the Parent or any of its
     Subsidiaries is a member have, to the extent required to be filed on or
     before the date hereof, been timely filed, and all such Tax Returns are
     true, complete and correct in all material respects.

          (b) All material Taxes due and payable by or with respect to the
     Parent and each of its Subsidiaries shown on any Tax Return have been
     timely paid. The Parent and each of its Subsidiaries have established
     adequate reserves (other than reserves for deferred Taxes established to
     reflect timing differences between book and Tax treatment) in accordance
     with GAAP on the respective company's Balance Sheet for any material Taxes
     not yet due for all periods ending on or before the date of the latest
     Balance Sheet. All assessments for material Taxes due and owing by or with
     respect to the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries with respect to
     completed and settled examinations or concluded litigation have been paid.
     Neither the Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred a Tax liability
     from the date of the latest Balance Sheet other than a Tax liability in the
     ordinary course of business. No material claim for unpaid Taxes has become
     a Lien against the property of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or is
     being asserted against the property of the Parent or any of its
     Subsidiaries other than liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or for
     Taxes contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been
     established.

          (c) No action, suit, proceeding, investigation, claim or audit has
     formally commenced and no written notice has been received that such audit
     or other proceeding is pending or threatened by any Governmental Authority
     with respect to the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any group of
     corporations of which any of the Parent and its Subsidiaries has been a
     member, with regard to years
                                       A-26

     or periods during which the Parent or its Subsidiaries were a member
     thereof in respect of any Taxes, and all deficiencies proposed as a result
     of such actions, suits, proceedings, investigations, claims or audits have
     been paid, reserved against or settled.

     3.15. Intellectual Property

     (a) To the Knowledge of the Parent, all material patents and all material
United States and foreign patent, copyright, trademark, service mark, trade
dress, domain name and other registrations, and applications, and all material
unregistered Intellectual Property owned or used by the Parent or its
Subsidiaries ("Parent Intellectual Property") (and all application therefor) are
currently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable legal
requirements (including timely filings, proofs and payments of fees), and to the
Knowledge of the Parent, are valid and enforceable, except for such
noncompliance, invalidity or unenforceability that could not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (b) Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Parent and its Subsidiaries own
or have the valid right to use all of the Intellectual Property used in the
conduct of the Parent's and each of its Subsidiaries' business as currently
conducted and for the ownership, maintenance and operation of the Parent's and
its Subsidiaries' properties and assets, free of any obligation to pay
royalties, honoraria or other fees, except as set forth in Section 3.15(b) of
the Parent Disclosure Schedule. Except as could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Parent
and its Subsidiaries own, free and clear of all Liens or adverse ownership
claims (including by current and former employees and contractors) all their
owned Parent Intellectual Property.

     (c) Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the Parent and each of its
Subsidiaries have taken all commercially reasonable steps to maintain, police
and protect the Intellectual Property which they own or use, including the
execution of all appropriate Intellectual Property assignments and releases,
(including from past and current employees and contractors. To the Knowledge of
the Parent, except under written confidentiality agreements, there has been no
disclosure of any confidential Parent Intellectual Property to any third party,
which could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in Section 3.15(c) of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule, to the Knowledge of Parent, and except as could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (i) the conduct of the Parent's and its Subsidiaries' businesses
as currently conducted or planned to be conducted does not Infringe any
Intellectual Property of any third party, and the Parent Intellectual Property
is not being Infringed by any third party, (ii) there is no Litigation or Order
pending or outstanding, or to the Knowledge of the Parent, threatened, that
seeks to limit or challenge or that concerns the ownership, use, validity or
enforceability of any Parent Intellectual Property.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                     CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGER

     4.1. Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger.

     The Company covenants and agrees that, between the date hereof and the
Effective Time, except as expressly required or permitted by this Agreement or
unless Parent shall otherwise agree in writing in advance (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) or as otherwise set forth on Section
4.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule prior to the date hereof, the Company
shall conduct and shall cause the businesses of each of its Subsidiaries to be
conducted only in, and the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not take any
action except in, the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent
with past practice and in compliance with applicable laws. The Company shall use
its reasonable best efforts to preserve intact the business organization and
assets of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, to keep available the
services of the present officers, employees and consultants of the Company and
each
                                       A-27

of its Subsidiaries, to maintain in effect Material Agreements and to preserve
the present relationships of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries with
customers, licensees, suppliers and other Persons with which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries has significant business relations. Except as set forth on
Section 4.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of
its Subsidiaries shall, between the date hereof and the Effective Time, directly
or indirectly do, or propose to do, any of the following without the prior
written consent of Parent:

          (a) other than ministerial changes not adverse to Parent or Merger
     Sub, amend or otherwise change the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
     or equivalent organizational document of the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries or alter through merger, liquidation, reorganization,
     restructuring or in any other fashion the corporate structure or ownership
     of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

          (b) issue, grant, sell, transfer, deliver, pledge, promise, dispose of
     or encumber, or authorize the issuance, grant, sale, transfer, deliverance,
     pledge, promise, disposition or encumbrance of, any shares of capital stock
     of any class, or any options, warrants, convertible or exchangeable
     securities or other rights of any kind to acquire any shares of capital
     stock or any other ownership interest or Stock-Based Rights of the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries (except for the issuance of Company Common Stock
     issuable pursuant to the Outstanding Employee Options and options granted
     to new employees in the ordinary source of business consistent with past
     practice); or redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire, directly or
     indirectly, any of the capital stock of the Company or interest in or
     securities of any Subsidiary;

          (c) other than regular quarterly dividends of $0.0325 per share of
     Company Stock with regular record, declaration and payment dates in
     accordance with past practice, declare, set aside or pay any dividend or
     other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination
     thereof) in respect of any of its capital stock (except that a wholly-owned
     Subsidiary of the Company may declare and pay a dividend to its parent);
     split, combine or reclassify any of its capital stock, or issue or
     authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or
     in substitution for, shares of its capital stock; or amend the terms of,
     repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or permit any Subsidiary to
     repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any of its securities or any
     securities of its Subsidiaries; or propose to do any of the foregoing;

          (d) other than (i) as disclosed to and agreed by Parent prior to the
     date hereof or (ii) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice, sell, transfer, deliver, lease, license, sublicense, mortgage,
     pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of (in whole or in part), or create,
     incur, assume or subject any Lien on, any of the assets of the Company or
     any of its Subsidiaries (including any Intellectual Property) without the
     prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably
     withheld or delayed);

          (e) acquire (by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets
     or otherwise) any corporation, limited liability company, partnership,
     joint venture, trust or other entity or any business organization or
     division thereof; incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue any
     debt securities or any warrants or rights to acquire any debt security or
     assume, guarantee or endorse or otherwise as an accommodation become
     responsible for, the obligations of any Person; make any loans, advances or
     enter into any financial commitments other than in the ordinary course of
     business consistent with past practice or with the prior written consent of
     Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); or,
     without the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall not be
     unreasonably withheld or delayed) authorize or make any material capital
     expenditures other than capital expenditures in the ordinary course of
     business; provided, however, that the Company shall review and consult with
     Parent and use commercially reasonable efforts in order to avoid redundant
     spending with Parent with respect to fabrication and test equipment;

          (f) hire or terminate any employee or consultant, except in the
     ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and except to
     the extent required under applicable law or under existing employee or
     director benefit plans, agreements or arrangements; increase the
     compensation or fringe
                                       A-28

     benefits (including, without limitation, bonus) payable or to become
     payable to its directors or officers, except (i) with the prior written
     consent of Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
     delayed), or (ii) for increases in salary or wages of employees of the
     Company or its Subsidiaries who are not officers of the Company in the
     ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or loan or
     advance any money or other asset or property to, or grant any bonus,
     severance or termination pay not required under existing severance plans
     to, or enter into any employment or severance agreement with, any director,
     officer or other employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or
     establish, adopt, enter into, terminate or amend any Employee Plan or any
     collective bargaining, bonus, profit sharing, thrift, compensation, stock
     option, stock purchase, restricted stock, pension, retirement, deferred
     compensation, employment, termination, severance or other plan, agreement,
     trust, fund, policy or arrangement for the benefit of any current or former
     directors, officers or employees other than as required by the terms
     thereof or applicable law;

          (g) change any accounting policies or procedures (including procedures
     with respect to reserves, revenue recognition, payments of accounts payable
     and collection of accounts receivable) or method of Tax accounting unless
     required by a change in Law or GAAP used by it;

          (h) without the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall
     not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (x) enter into any agreement that
     if entered into prior to the date hereof would be a Material Agreement
     required to have been delivered to Parent pursuant to Section 2.7; or (y)
     modify, amend in any material respect, transfer or terminate any Material
     Agreement;

          (i) without the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall
     not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) make or change any material Tax
     election other than an election in the ordinary course of business
     consistent with the past practices of the Company, file any amended Tax
     Return, settle or compromise any federal, state, local or foreign income
     tax liability, agree to an extension of a statute of limitations, enter
     into any closing agreement relating to any Tax or surrender any right to
     claim a Tax refund;

          (j) without the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall
     not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) pay, discharge, satisfy or settle
     any Litigation except any settlement that would not: (A) impose any
     injunctive or similar Order on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
     restrict in any way the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
     or (B) exceed $250,000 in cost or value to the Company or any of its
     Subsidiaries. Without the prior written consent of Parent (which consent
     shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the Company and its
     Subsidiaries shall not pay, discharge or satisfy any liabilities or
     obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or
     otherwise), except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
     practice;

          (k) without the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall
     not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), engage in, enter into or amend
     any Contract, transaction, indebtedness or other arrangement with, directly
     or indirectly, any of the directors or other Affiliates of the Company and
     its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Affiliates or family members,
     except for (i) amounts due as normal salaries and bonuses and in
     reimbursement of ordinary expenses and (ii) those items existing as of the
     date hereof and listed in Section 4.1(k) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule;

          (l) fail to use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain in
     full force and effect all self-insurance and insurance, as the case may be,
     currently in effect; or

          (m) authorize, recommend, propose or announce an intention to do any
     of the foregoing, or agree or enter into or amend any Contract or
     arrangement to do any of the foregoing.

     4.2. Conduct of Business by Parent Pending the Merger.

     Parent covenants and agrees that, between the date hereof and the Effective
Time, except as expressly required or permitted by this Agreement or unless the
Company shall otherwise agree in writing in advance, Parent shall conduct and
shall cause the business of each of its Subsidiaries to be conducted only in the
ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice and in
compliance with
                                       A-29

applicable laws (it being understood that, except as provided in the immediately
succeeding sentence, this Section 4.2 shall not prohibit Parent or its
Subsidiaries from taking any action of the nature specified in Sections 4.1(a)
through (l) (inclusive)). Parent shall not, between the date hereof and the
Effective Time, directly or indirectly, or propose to, without the prior written
consent of the Company, declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in
respect of any of its capital stock; split, combine or reclassify any of its
capital stock.

     4.3. Solicitation of Other Proposals.

     (a) From the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time or the
termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, the Company shall
not, nor shall it permit any of its Affiliates or Subsidiaries to, nor shall it
authorize or permit any of its or their respective stockholders, directors,
officers, employees, representatives or agents (collectively, the "Company
Representatives"), to directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, facilitate, initiate,
entertain, knowingly encourage or take any action to solicit, facilitate,
initiate, entertain or knowingly encourage, any inquiries or communications or
the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes or may constitute an
Acquisition Proposal (as defined herein) or (ii) participate or engage in any
discussions or negotiations with, or provide any information to or take any
other action with the intent to facilitate the efforts of, any Person concerning
any possible Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry or communication which might
reasonably be expected to result in an Acquisition Proposal. For purposes of
this Agreement, the term "Acquisition Proposal" shall mean any inquiry, proposal
or offer from any person (other than Parent, Merger Sub or any of their
Affiliates) relating to any merger, consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation
or other direct or indirect business combination, involving the Company or any
Material Subsidiary (as defined herein) or the issuance or acquisition of shares
of capital stock or other equity securities of the Company or any Material
Subsidiary representing 15% or more of the outstanding capital stock of the
Company or such Material Subsidiary or any tender or exchange offer that if
consummated would result in any Person, together with all Affiliates thereof,
beneficially owning shares of capital stock or other equity securities of the
Company or any Material Subsidiary representing 15% or more of the outstanding
capital stock of the Company or such Material Subsidiary, or the sale, lease,
exchange, license (whether exclusive or not), or other disposition of any
significant portion of the business or assets of the Company or any Material
Subsidiary. The Company shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated, and
shall cause its Subsidiaries and all Company Representatives to immediately
terminate and cause to be terminated, all existing discussions or negotiations
with any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could reasonably
be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal. The Company shall promptly
notify each Company Representative of its obligations under this Section 4.3.

     (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may participate in
discussions or negotiations with, or furnish information with respect to the
Company pursuant to a confidentiality agreement with terms no less favorable to
the Company than those in effect between the Company and Parent to, any Person
if and only if (x) such Person has submitted an unsolicited bona fide written
Acquisition Proposal to the Company (y) neither the Company nor any of the
Company Representatives shall have violated Section 4.3(a) and (z) the Board of
Directors of the Company (i) determines by a majority vote in its good faith
judgment, after consultation with outside counsel, that taking such action is
necessary to comply with the fiduciary duties of such Board under applicable Law
and (ii) provides prior written notice to Parent of its decision to so
participate or furnish.

     (c) Except as set forth in the following sentence, neither the Board of
Directors of the Company nor any committee thereof shall (1) approve or
recommend, or propose to approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal other
than the Merger, (2) withdraw or modify or propose to withdraw or modify in a
manner adverse to Parent or Merger Sub its approval or recommendation of the
Merger, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, (3) upon a
written request by Parent to reaffirm its approval or recommendation of this
Agreement or the Merger following the delivery, making or announcement of an
Acquisition Proposal, fail to do so within five Business Days after such request
is made, (4) approve, enter, or permit or cause the Company or any Material
Subsidiary to enter, into any letter of intent, agreement in principle,
acquisition agreement or other similar agreement related to any Acquisition

                                       A-30

Proposal, or (5) resolve or announce its intention to do any of the foregoing.
The immediately preceding sentence notwithstanding, in the event that prior to
the Company Stockholders' Meeting the Board of Directors of the Company receives
a Superior Proposal (as defined herein), the Board of Directors of the Company
may (i) withdraw or modify, or propose to withdraw or modify, in a manner
adverse to Parent or Merger Sub its approval or recommendation of the Merger,
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) fail to reaffirm
its approval or recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger within five
Business Days after a written request by Parent to do so, or (iii) resolve or
announce its intention to do any of the actions set forth in the preceding
clauses (i) or (ii), if (x) after consultation with outside counsel, such Board
determines by a majority vote of directors in their good faith judgment that
taking such action is necessary to comply with the fiduciary duties of such
Board under applicable Law and (y) the Company furnishes Parent two Business
Days' prior written notice of the taking of such action (which notice shall
include a description of the material terms and conditions of the Superior
Proposal and identify the person making the same). For purposes of this
Agreement, (A) "Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Company whose
consolidated revenues, net income or assets constitute 10% or more of the
revenues, net income or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole, and (B) the term "Superior Proposal" means any bona fide Acquisition
Proposal to effect a merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Company or acquisition of a majority of the outstanding
capital stock of the Company which is on terms which the Board of Directors of
the Company determines by a majority vote of its directors in their good faith
judgment (after consultation with its outside counsel and investment advisors of
nationally recognized reputation), after taking into account all relevant
factors, including any conditions to such Acquisition Proposal, the form of
consideration contemplated by such Acquisition Proposal, the timing of the
closing thereof, the risk of nonconsummation, the ability of the Person making
the Acquisition Proposal to finance the transactions contemplated thereby and
any required filings or Approvals, to be more favorable to the stockholders of
the Company than the Merger (or any revised proposal made by Parent).

     (d) In addition to the other obligations of the Company set forth in this
Section 4.3, the Company shall promptly (and in any event within one Business
Day) advise Parent orally and in writing of any request for information with
respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which
could result in an Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of
such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the Person
making the same. The Company shall inform Parent on a prompt and current basis
of the status, terms and content of any discussions regarding any Acquisition
Proposal with a third party. Nothing contained in this Section 4.3(d) shall
prevent the Board of Directors of the Company from complying with Rule 14d-9 and
Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

                                   ARTICLE V

                             ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

     5.1. Registration Statement; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.

     (a) The Company shall, promptly following the date hereof, prepare and file
with the SEC a Proxy Statement relating to the Merger and this Agreement, obtain
and furnish the information required to be included by the SEC in the Proxy
Statement and respond promptly to any comments made by the SEC with respect to
the Proxy Statement, and cause the Proxy Statement and the prospectus to be
included in the Registration Statement, including any amendment or supplement
thereto, to be mailed to its stockholders at the earliest practicable date after
the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC. The Company shall
use all reasonable efforts to obtain the necessary approval of the Merger and
this Agreement by its stockholders. Unless the Company shall have taken action
permitted by the second sentence of Section 4.3(c), the Company shall not file
with or supplementally provide to the SEC or mail to its stockholders the Proxy
Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto without Parent's prior consent,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Company shall
allow Parent's full participation in the preparation of the Proxy Statement and
any amendment or supplement thereto and shall consult with Parent and its
advisors concerning any comments from the SEC with respect thereto.
                                       A-31

     (b) Parent shall, promptly following the date hereof, prepare and file with
the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-4, in which the Proxy Statement shall
be included as part of the prospectus, and the parties hereto shall use all
reasonable efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective by the
SEC as promptly as practicable after such filing. Parent shall obtain and
furnish the information required to be included in the Registration Statement
and, after consultation with the Company, respond promptly to any comments made
by the SEC with respect to the Registration Statement. Parent shall allow the
Company's full participation in the preparation of the Registration Statement
and any amendment or supplement thereto and shall consult with the Company and
its advisors concerning any comments from the SEC with respect thereto.

     (c) The Proxy Statement shall include the recommendation of the Board of
Directors of the Company in favor of approval and adoption of this Agreement and
the Merger, except to the extent that the Company shall have withdrawn or
modified its recommendation of this Agreement or the Merger as permitted by
Section 4.3(c).

     (d) Parent and the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, make all
necessary filings with respect to the Merger under the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act and the Regulations thereunder and under applicable Blue Sky or
similar securities Laws, and shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain required
Approvals with respect thereto.

     (e) Each party hereto agrees to furnish all information concerning itself
as may be reasonably required to prepare the Proxy Statement or Registration
Statement or to make such filings pursuant to Section 5.1(d). Each party hereto
agrees to correct any information provided by it for use in the Proxy Statement
or Registration Statement that has become false or misleading in any material
respect.

     5.2. Meeting of Company's Stockholders.

     The Company shall promptly after the date hereof take all action necessary
in accordance with the DGCL and its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to
duly call, give notice of and hold the Company Stockholders' Meeting as soon as
practicable following the date upon which the Registration Statement becomes
effective and shall consult with Parent in connection therewith. The Board of
Directors of the Company has declared that this Agreement is advisable and,
subject to Section 4.3(c), shall recommend that this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby be approved and authorized by the stockholders
of the Company and include in the Registration Statement and Proxy Statement a
copy of such recommendations; provided, however, that the Board of Directors of
the Company shall submit this Agreement to the stockholders of the Company
whether or not the Board of Directors of the Company at any time subsequent to
making such declaration takes any action permitted by Section 4.3(c). The
Company shall solicit from its stockholders proxies in favor of the Merger and
shall take all other action reasonably necessary or advisable to secure the vote
or consent of its stockholders to authorize and approve the Merger. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, (i) the Company agrees that its
obligation to duly call, give notice of, convene and hold the Company
Stockholders' Meeting as required by this Section 5.2, shall not be affected by
the withdrawal, amendment or modification of the Board of Directors'
recommendation of approval and adoption of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby, and (ii) the Company agrees that its obligations under this
Section 5.2 shall not be affected by the commencement, public proposal, public
disclosure or communication to the Company of any Acquisition Proposal.

     5.3. Access to Information; Confidentiality.

     (a) In order to facilitate the consummation of the Merger and the
integration of the operations of Parent and Company after the Effective Time,
during the period prior to the Effective Time, upon reasonable notice, the
Company shall (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to) afford to the
officers, employees, accountants, counsel and other representatives and agents
of Parent (collectively "Parent Representatives"), reasonable access during
normal business hours, to all its properties, books, Contracts, commitments and
records and, during such period, the Company shall (and shall cause each of its

                                       A-32

Subsidiaries to) furnish promptly to Parent all information concerning its
business, properties, books, Contracts, commitments, records and personnel as
Parent may reasonably request. All of the activities of Parent Representatives
pursuant to this Section 5.3(a) shall be conducted in a manner that does not
unreasonably interfere with the ongoing operations of the Company and its
Subsidiaries. In addition, Parent Representatives shall present any request for
such access pursuant to this Section 5.3(a) to, and coordinate all such access
with, M.D. Sampels and Alan P. Hale. The Company shall (and shall cause each of
its Subsidiaries to) make available to Parent the appropriate individuals for
discussion of such entity's business, properties and personnel as Parent or the
Parent Representatives may reasonably request. No investigation pursuant to this
Section 5.3(a) shall affect any representations or warranties of the parties
herein or the conditions to the obligations of the parties hereto.

     (b) Parent shall keep all information obtained pursuant to Section 4.1 or
Section 5.3(a) confidential in accordance with the terms of the Confidential
Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated January 24, 2001 (the "Confidentiality
Agreement"), between Parent and the Company. Anything contained in the
Confidentiality Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company and
Parent hereby agree that each such party may issue press release(s) or make
other public announcements in accordance with Section 5.10.

     5.4. Reasonable Best Efforts; Further Assurances.

     (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, each party hereto shall use its reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions, and do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other party or parties in doing, all things necessary, proper
or advisable to consummate and make effective, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby (including Section 6.2(g) hereof), and by the
Option Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof. The
Company and Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to (i) as promptly as
practicable, obtain all Approvals (including those referred to in Sections
2.6(a) and 2.6(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule), and the Company and
Parent shall make all filings under applicable Law required in connection with
the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Option
Agreement by the Company and Parent and the consummation by them of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the Merger (in
connection with which Parent and the Company will cooperate with each other in
connection with the making of all such filings, including providing copies of
all such documents to the non-filing party and its advisors prior to filings
and, if requested, will accept all reasonable additions, deletions or changes
suggested in connection therewith) or (ii) furnish all information required for
any application or other filing to be made pursuant to the DGCL or any other Law
or any applicable Regulations of any Governmental Authority (including all
information required to be included in the Proxy Statement or the Registration
Statement) in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Option Agreement. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding, neither Parent nor any of its Affiliates shall be under any
obligation to (x) make proposals, execute or carry out agreements or submit to
Orders providing for the sale or other disposition or holding separate (through
the establishment of a trust or otherwise) of any assets or categories of assets
of Parent, any of its Affiliates, including its Subsidiaries, the Company or the
holding separate of the Company Common Stock or imposing or seeking to impose
any limitation on the ability of Parent or any of its Affiliates, including its
Subsidiaries, to conduct their business or own such assets or to acquire, hold
or exercise full rights of ownership of Company Common Stock, or (y) otherwise
take any step to avoid or eliminate any impediment which may be asserted under
any Law governing competition, monopolies or restrictive trade practices which,
in the reasonable judgment of Parent, might result in a limitation of the
benefit expected to be derived by Parent as a result of the transactions
contemplated hereby or might adversely affect the Company or Parent or any of
Parent's Affiliates, including its Subsidiaries. Anything in this Agreement to
the contrary notwithstanding, without the prior written consent of Parent
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will take any action specified
in clause (x) or clause (y) of the immediately preceding sentence.

     (b) The parties hereto shall use their reasonable best efforts to satisfy
or cause to be satisfied all of the conditions precedent that are set forth in
Article VI, as applicable to each of them, and to cause the

                                       A-33

transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be consummated as soon as
reasonably practicable after the date hereof. Each party hereto, at the
reasonable request of another party hereto, shall execute and deliver such other
instruments and do and perform such other acts and things as may be necessary or
desirable for the consummation of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     (c) The Company and Parent shall cooperate with one another:

          (i) in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement
     and the Proxy Statement;

          (ii) in connection with the preparation of any filing required by the
     HSR Act or any Foreign Competition Laws;

          (iii) in determining whether any action by or in respect of, or filing
     with, any Governmental Authority or other third party, is required, or any
     Approvals are required to be obtained from parties in connection with the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;

          (iv) in seeking any Approvals or making any filings, including
     furnishing information required in connection therewith or with the
     Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement, and seeking timely to obtain
     any such Approvals, or making any filings; and

          (v) in connection with the listing on the NASDAQ National Market
     System of the Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger.

     5.5. Stock Options and Stock Plan; Options.

     (a) At the Effective Time, each Outstanding Employee Option, whether vested
or unvested, will be assumed by Parent. Each such Outstanding Employee Option so
assumed by Parent under this Agreement shall continue to have, and be subject
to, the same terms and conditions set forth in the Option Plans, option
agreements thereunder and other relevant documentation immediately prior to the
Effective Time, except that such Outstanding Employee Option will be exercisable
solely for that number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the
product of the number of shares of Company Common Stock that were purchasable
under such Outstanding Employee Option immediately prior to the Effective Time
multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole number of
shares of Parent Common Stock, and the per-share exercise price for the shares
of Parent Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such assumed Outstanding
Employee Option will be equal to the quotient determined by dividing the
exercise price per share of Company Common Stock at which such Outstanding
Employee Option was exercisable immediately prior to the Effective Time by the
Exchange Ratio, and rounding the resulting exercise price up to the nearest
whole cent.

     (b) Parent shall reserve for issuance a sufficient number of shares of
Parent Common Stock for delivery upon exercise of Outstanding Employee Options
assumed by Parent under this Agreement. Parent shall file as soon as practicable
after the Effective Date (but in any event within ten (10) days) a registration
statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act covering the shares of Parent
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Outstanding Employee Options
assumed by Parent pursuant to Section 5.5(a), and shall use its reasonable
efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective as soon
thereafter as practicable and to maintain such registration in effect until the
exercise or expiration of such assumed Outstanding Employee Options.

     (c) Except as set forth in Section 5.5(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the vesting of each Outstanding Employee Option shall not accelerate
as a result of, or in connection with, the transactions contemplated hereby. In
addition, the Company shall ensure that no discretion is exercised by the Board
of Directors or any committee thereof or any other body or Person so as to cause
the vesting of any Outstanding Employee Option or any other warrant or right to
acquire shares of Company Common Stock to accelerate.

     (d) On and after the date hereof, the Company shall ensure that no options
to purchase Company Common Stock shall be granted under the Purchase Plan. The
Company shall provide that the current offering period under the Purchase Plan
shall terminate prior to the Merger.
                                       A-34

     5.6. Employee Benefits.

     (a) Parent agrees that individuals who are employed by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall become
employees of the Surviving Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries upon the
Effective Time (each such employee, a "Company Employee"); provided, however,
that this Section 5.6(a) shall not be construed to limit the ability of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the employment of any Company
Employee at any time and provided further that prior to the fifth anniversary of
the Effective Date, salaried employees will not be terminated on less than
ninety (90) days notice.

     (b) After the Effective Time, the Company Employees shall be eligible to
participate in the employee benefit plans of Parent (other than equity-based
compensation plans) to the same extent as any similarly situated employee of
Parent located in the same country; provided, however, that, Company Employees
may continue to participate in their benefits (without duplication) under the
employee benefits plans of the Company (other than equity-based compensation
plans) provided to such Company Employees immediately prior to the Effective
Time, as elected by the on-site management of the Surviving Corporation. The
Company Employees will be allowed credit for their service with the Company and
its Subsidiaries for purposes of vesting and participation only (and not for
benefit accrual purposes), with respect to the employee benefit plans in which
such Company Employees are entitled to participate following the Effective Time.

     (c) With respect to any plan that is a "welfare benefit plan" (as defined
in Section 3(1) of ERISA) maintained by the Parent, Parent shall (i) cause there
to be waived any pre-existing condition limitation to the same extent such
pre-existing condition was waived under an Employee Plan and (ii) give effect,
in determining any deductible and maximum out-of-pocket limitations, to claims
incurred and amounts paid by, and amounts reimbursed to, such employees with
respect to similar plans maintained by Company and its Affiliates immediately
prior to the Closing Date.

     (d) Parent agrees that, from and after the Effective Time, Company's
employees may participate in the employee stock purchase plan sponsored by
Parent ("Parent ESPP"), subject to the terms and conditions of the Parent ESPP,
and that service with Company shall be treated as service with the Parent for
determining eligibility of Company's employees under the Parent ESPP.

     (e) The Company shall terminate, effective as of the day immediately
preceding the Effective Time, any and all 401(k) plans sponsored or maintained
by the Company unless Parent provides written notice to the Company prior to the
Effective Time that any such 401(k) plan shall not be terminated. Parent shall
receive from the Company evidence that the Company's plan(s) and/or program(s)
have been terminated pursuant to resolutions of the Company's Board of Directors
(the form and substance of such resolutions shall be subject to review and
approval of Parent), effective as of the day immediately preceding the Effective
Time. The Company employees shall be eligible to participate in a 401(k) plan
sponsored by Parent no later than the first day of the next commencing month
immediately after the Effective Time.

     (f) Parent will negotiate in good faith new employment agreements with each
of Chao C. Mai, Alan P. Hale, and Michael L. Bolan, which may include
compensation opportunities in lieu of a portion of the compensation and benefits
to which such employees would be entitled pursuant to those certain Letter
Agreements, dated May 20, 1999, as amended on November 19, 2000 and further
amended on January 28, 2001 (the "Change of Control Agreements"), and which
employment agreements are expected to include customary noncompetition,
nonsolicitation and confidentiality provisions.

     5.7. Pooling; Reorganization.

     (a) The Company shall not knowingly take, or knowingly permit any
controlled Affiliate of the Company to take, any action that could prevent the
Merger from being treated (i) for financial accounting purposes as a "pooling of
interests" under GAAP; it being understood and agreed that if the Company's
Accountants and Parent's Accountants both advise the Company and Parent in
writing that such an action

                                       A-35

would not prevent the Merger from being so treated, such action will be
conclusively deemed not to constitute a breach of this Section 5.7 or (ii) as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

     (b) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain an executed
affiliate pooling agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (each, a "Company Affiliate Pooling Agreement") from each of the Persons
identified in Section 2.21(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement and thereafter from any other person who
may be deemed an affiliate of the Company regarding compliance with Rule 145
under the Securities Act and the requirements for accounting treatment of the
Merger as a "pooling of interests."

     (c) Parent shall not knowingly take, or knowingly permit any controlled
Affiliate of Parent to take, any action that could prevent the Merger from being
treated (i) for financial accounting purposes as a "pooling of interests" under
GAAP; it being understood and agreed that if Parent's Accountants, advise Parent
in writing that such an action would not prevent the Merger from being so
treated, such action will be conclusively deemed not to constitute a breach of
this Section 5.7; or (ii) as a reorganization within the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code.

     (d) Parent shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain an executed affiliate
pooling agreement containing substantially the substance of the second and third
paragraphs of the Company Affiliate Pooling Agreement from each of the Persons
identified in Section 5.7(d) of the Parent Disclosure Schedule regarding
compliance with the requirements for accounting treatment of the Merger as a
"pooling of interests."

     5.8. Notification of Certain Matters.

     (a) The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent shall give
prompt notice to the Company, of the occurrence, or non-occurrence, of any event
the occurrence, or non-occurrence, of which results in any representation or
warranty contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect (or, in the case of any representation or warranty qualified by its
terms by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, then untrue or inaccurate in
any respect) and any failure of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, as the case
may be, to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant,
condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder;
provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 5.8
shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available hereunder to the
party receiving such notice.

     (b) Each of the Company and Parent shall give prompt notice to the other of
(i) any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the Approval
of such Person is or may be required in connection with the Merger or the Option
Agreement, (ii) any notice or other communication from any Governmental
Authority in connection with the Merger or the Option Agreement; (iii) any
Litigation, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Company or its
Subsidiaries or Parent or its Subsidiaries that relates to the Merger or the
Option Agreement; and (iv) any change that could reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect or is likely to delay or impede the ability of either
Parent or the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement or the Option Agreement or to fulfill their respective obligations set
forth herein or therein.

     (c) Each of the Company and Parent shall give (or shall cause their
respective Subsidiaries to give) any notices to third Persons, and use, and
cause their respective Subsidiaries to use, its reasonable best efforts to
obtain any consents from third Persons (i) necessary, proper or advisable to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) otherwise
required under any Contracts in connection with the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby or (iii) required to prevent a Material Adverse
Effect from occurring. If any party shall fail to obtain any such consent from a
third Person, such party shall use its reasonable best efforts, and will take
any such actions reasonably requested by the other parties, to limit the adverse
effect upon the Company and Parent, their respective Subsidiaries, and their
respective businesses resulting, or which would result after the Effective Time,
from the failure to obtain such consent.
                                       A-36

     (d) Recognizing that the retention of the Company's employees is to the
material benefit of Parent, in the event that the Company receives any written
or oral indication from any engineer or other key employee that such person is
considering or has decided to terminate his or her employment with the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall notify Parent by the next Business
Day in order that Parent may meet with such employee.

     5.9. Listing on the NASDAQ National Market.

     Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Parent Common
Stock to be issued in the Merger and pursuant to Parent's options to be issued
pursuant to Section 5.5 to be approved for listing on the NASDAQ National Market
System, subject to official notice of issuance, prior to the Effective Time.

     5.10. Public Announcements.

     Parent and the Company shall consult with and obtain the approval of the
other party before issuing any press release or other public announcement with
respect to the Merger or this Agreement and shall not issue any such press
release prior to such consultation and approval, except as may be required by
Law or any listing agreement related to the trading of the shares of either
party on any national securities exchange or national automated quotation
system, in which case the party proposing to issue such press release or make
such public announcement shall use its reasonable best efforts to consult in
good faith with the other party before issuing any such press release or making
any such public announcement.

     5.11. Takeover Laws.

     If any form of anti-takeover statute, Regulation or charter provision or
Contract is or shall become applicable to the Merger or the transactions
contemplated hereby or by the Option Agreement, the Company and the Board of
Directors of the Company shall grant such Approvals and take such actions as are
necessary under such Laws and provisions so that the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated hereby and thereby and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the
effects of such Law, provision or Contract on the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby.

     5.12. Accountant's Letter.

     The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause to be delivered
to Parent a "comfort" letter of the Company's Accountants, dated a date within
two business days before the date on which the Registration Statement shall
become effective and addressed to Parent and the Company, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory and customary in scope and substance for letters
delivered by independent public accountants in connection with registration
statements similar to the Form S-4.

     5.13. Indemnification; Directors and Officer Insurance.

     (a) All rights to indemnification, advancement of Litigation expenses and
limitation of personal liability existing in favor of the directors and officers
of the Company and its Subsidiaries under the provisions existing on the date
hereof in their respective certificates of incorporation, bylaws or similar
organizational documents, as well as related director indemnification agreements
in accordance with their terms in existence on the date hereof as well as
officer and other indemnification agreements listed on Section 5.13 of the
Company Disclosure Schedule in accordance with their terms, shall, with respect
to any matter existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), survive the Effective Time for
a period of not less than six years.

     (b) For six years after the Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving
Corporation shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of the
directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained by the Company (provided
that Parent may substitute therefore policies of at least the same coverage
containing terms and conditions which are not materially less advantageous) with
respect to matters or events occurring prior to the Effective Time to the extent
available (the "D&O Insurance"); provided, however,
                                       A-37

that in no event shall Parent be required to expend more than an amount per year
equal to 1.50 times the premium paid by the Company as of the date hereof to
maintain or procure the D&O Insurance pursuant hereto; and, provided, further
that if the annual premiums of the D&O Insurance coverage exceed such amount,
Parent shall be obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage
reasonably available for a cost not exceeding such amount.

     (c) After the Effective Time, Parent agrees that it will cause the
Surviving Corporation to indemnify and hold harmless each present and former
director and officer of the Company, determined as of the Effective Time (the
"Indemnified Parties"), against any costs or expenses (including reasonable
attorney's fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities
incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or
investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising
out of or pertaining to matters relating to their duties or actions in their
capacity as officers and directors and existing or occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time (including as a result of this Agreement), whether asserted or
claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable Law (and Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to, also advance fees and expenses (including reasonable attorney's
fees) as incurred to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Law provided
the Person to whom expenses are advanced provides a customary undertaking
complying with applicable Law to repay such advances if it is ultimately
determined that such Person is not entitled to indemnification). To the extent
not satisfied by the D&O Insurance or the Surviving Corporation, Parent hereby
unconditionally guarantees the obligations of the Surviving Corporation under
this Section 5.13(c).

     (d) Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, shall be construed to or
shall release, waive or impair any rights to directors' and officers' insurance
claims under any policy that is or has been in existence with respect to the
Company or any of its officers, directors or employees, it being understood and
agreed that the indemnification provided for in this Section 5.13 is not prior
to or in substitution for any such claims under such policies.

     5.14. Option Agreement.

     Contemporaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
Company shall deliver to Parent an executed version of the Option Agreement. The
Company agrees to fully perform to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
Law its obligations under the Option Agreement.

     5.15. Company Rights Agreement.

     The Board of Directors of the Company shall take all action (in addition to
that referred to in Section 2.25) necessary or desirable (including amending the
Company Rights Agreement) in order to render the Company Rights inapplicable to
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Option Agreement. Except in connection with the foregoing sentence, the Board of
Directors of the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent,
(i) amend the Company Rights Agreement or (ii) take any action with respect to,
or make any determination under, the Company Rights Agreement, in each case in
order to facilitate any Acquisition Proposal with respect to the Company.

     5.16. Action by Board of Directors.

     Prior to the Effective Time, the Boards of Directors of Parent and/or
Company, as applicable, or an appropriate committee of non-employee directors
thereof, shall adopt a resolution consistent with the interpretative guidance of
the SEC so that (i) the assumption of Outstanding Employee Options held by
Company Insiders (as defined below) pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) the
receipt by Company Insiders of Parent Common Stock in exchange for Company
Common Stock pursuant to the Merger, shall be an exempt transaction for purposes
of Section 16 of the Exchange Act by any officer or director of Company who may
become a covered person of Parent for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act
(a "Company Insider").

                                       A-38

     5.17. Board Seat.

     Promptly following the Effective Time, consistent with applicable law and
its Bylaws, the number of directors on Parent's Board shall be increased by one
(unless a current vacancy exists, in which case no new vacancy need be created),
and M.D. Sampels shall be elected to fill such vacancy, to serve as such until
the next annual meeting of Parent's stockholders or such time as his successor
shall have been duly elected or appointed and qualified.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                              CONDITIONS OF MERGER

     6.1. Conditions to Obligation of Each Party to Effect the Merger.

     The respective obligations of each party to effect the Merger shall be
subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following
conditions:

          (a) Effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Registration
     Statement shall have been declared effective; no stop order suspending the
     effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the use of the Proxy
     Statement shall have been issued by the SEC, and no proceedings for that
     purpose shall have been initiated or, to the Knowledge of Parent or the
     Company, threatened by the SEC.

          (b) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement and the Merger shall have
     been approved and adopted by the requisite vote of the stockholders of the
     Company in accordance with the DGCL and the Certificate of Incorporation
     and Bylaws of the Company.

          (c) NASDAQ National Market. The shares of Parent Common Stock issuable
     to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall have
     been approved for listing on the NASDAQ National Market System subject to
     official notice of issuance.

          (d) HSR Act and Foreign Competition Laws. All applicable waiting
     periods or approvals under the HSR Act and Foreign Competition Laws shall
     have expired or been terminated or received.

          (e) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality. No temporary restraining
     order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other Order (whether
     temporary, preliminary or permanent) issued by any Court of competent
     jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition shall be in effect
     which prevents the consummation of the Merger on substantially the same
     terms as contemplated herein, and there shall not be any action taken, or
     any Law or Order enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the
     Merger, which makes the consummation of the Merger on substantially the
     same terms as contemplated herein illegal.

          (f) Tax Opinion. The Company shall have received a written opinion of,
     Jenkens & Gilchrist, P.C., dated as of the Closing Date, in form and
     substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that the
     Merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section
     368(a) of the Code. The issuance of such opinion shall be conditioned on
     the receipt by such tax counsel of representation letters from each of
     Parent, Merger Sub and the Company. The specific provisions of each such
     representation letter shall be in form and substance reasonably
     satisfactory to such tax counsel, and such representation letter shall be
     dated on or before the date of such opinion and shall not have been
     withdrawn or modified in any material respect.

     6.2. Additional Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub.

     The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are also
subject to the following conditions:

          (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and
     warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement and the Option
     Agreement that are qualified as to Material Adverse Effect shall be true
     and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of immediately prior to
     the
                                       A-39

     Effective Time (other than representations and warranties which address
     matters only as of a particular date, in which case such representations
     and warranties shall be true and correct, on and as of such particular
     date), with the same force and effect as if then made and (ii) the
     representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
     and the Option Agreement that are not qualified as to Material Adverse
     Effect shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of
     immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than representations and
     warranties which address matters only as of a particular date, in which
     case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct, on and
     as of such particular date), with the same force and effect as if then
     made, except where the failure of such representations and warranties
     (other that the representation contained in Section 2.3, which shall be
     true and correct in all material respects) to be true and correct would
     not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect on the Company; and Parent and Merger Sub shall
     have received a certificate to such effect signed by a member of the
     Interim Office of the Chief Executive and by the Chief Financial Officer of
     the Company.

          (b) Agreements and Covenants. The Company shall have performed or
     complied with all agreements and covenants required by this Agreement and
     the Option Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to
     the Effective Time except for such failures to perform or comply with such
     agreements and covenants that do not and will not have any material effects
     that are adverse to either the Company or Parent (after giving effect to
     the Merger); and Parent and Merger Sub shall have received a certificate to
     such effect signed by a member of the Interim Office of the Chief Executive
     and by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

          For purposes of this Section 6.2(b), any failures to perform or comply
     with Section 4.1(h) relating to Contracts of the type described in clauses
     (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (viii), (xii) or (xiv) of Section 2.7 shall
     not be considered to have a material effect unless the aggregate effect of
     all such failures to perform or comply would result in the incurrence of
     (i) additional consolidated expenses and/or reductions in consolidated
     revenues of the Company or Parent (after giving effect to the Merger) in
     excess of $5,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal quarter or (ii)
     additional consolidated liabilities of the type required to be reflected or
     reserved against in accordance with GAAP and/or reductions in consolidated
     assets of the type set forth on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP of
     the Company or Parent (after giving effect to the Merger) in the aggregate
     of more than $20,000,000.

          (c) Third Party Consents. Parent shall have received evidence, in form
     and substance reasonably satisfactory to it, that those Approvals of
     Governmental Authorities and other third parties set forth in Section
     2.6(a) or (b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (or not described in
     Section 2.6(a) or (b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule but required to be
     so described) have been obtained, except where failure to have been so
     obtained, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

          (d) Letter from Parent's Accountants; Pooling of Interests. Parent
     shall have received a letter from Parent's Accountants in form and
     substance reasonably satisfactory to Parent, dated the Closing Date,
     concurring with management's conclusions that the transactions contemplated
     by this Agreement, including the Merger, will qualify as a "pooling of
     interests" business combination in accordance with GAAP and the criteria of
     Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 16 and the Regulations of the SEC.

          (e) Company Affiliate Pooling Agreements. Each of the Persons
     identified in Section 2.21(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall have
     executed and delivered Company Affiliate Pooling Agreement with Parent
     which shall be in full force and effect.

          (f) Option Agreement. The Option Agreement shall be in full force and
     effect as of the Effective Time and become effective in accordance with the
     terms thereof.

          (g) Change of Control Agreements. The Change of Control Agreements
     shall be amended (in addition to any other amendments effected pursuant to
     Section 5.6(f) hereof) to provide that (i) the

                                       A-40

     amounts payable thereunder as a result of the consummation of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be reduced by $498,462,
     $793,846, and $1,007,728, with respect to Messrs. Alan P. Hale, Michael L.
     Bolan and Chao C. Mai, respectively; and (ii) in consideration for their
     continued services to the Surviving Corporation after the Effective Time,
     Messrs. Hale, Bolan and Mai shall be entitled to receive $249,231,
     $396,923, and $553,864, respectively, on the earlier to occur of (A) the
     first anniversary of the Effective Time or (B) the date of the Constructive
     Termination (as defined below) of such person, subject to the condition
     that, with respect to clause (A) above, such person is employed by the
     Company, the Parent, or an affiliate thereof, on such date, unless the
     failure to be so employed is the result of the termination by the Company,
     the Parent or an affiliate thereof, of such person's employment for any
     reason (other than such employees' voluntary termination of his own
     employment). For purposes hereof, "Constructive Termination" means (i) the
     adverse change in such person's responsibilities or direct report as
     described on Section 6.2(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule; or (ii) a
     decrease in such person's salary, benefits or perquisites (other than
     equity-based awards or grants), other than as a result of any amendment or
     termination of any employee and/or executive benefit plan or arrangement,
     which amendment or termination is applicable to all qualifying executives
     of the Company.

     6.3. Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Company.

     The obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is also subject to the
following conditions:

          (a) Representations and Warranties. (i) The representations and
     warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement and the
     Option Agreement that are qualified as to Material Adverse Effect shall be
     true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of immediately
     prior to the Effective Time (other than representations and warranties
     which address matters only as of a particular date, in which case such
     representations and warranties shall be true and correct, on and as of such
     particular date), with the same force and effect as if then made and (ii)
     the representations and warranties of Parent contained in this Agreement
     and the Option Agreement that are not qualified as to Material Adverse
     Effect shall be true and correct as of the date of this Agreement and as of
     immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than representations and
     warranties which address matters only as of a particular date, in which
     case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct, on and
     as of such particular date), with the same force and effect as if then
     made, except where the failure of such representations and warranties
     (other that the representation contained in Section 3.2, which shall be
     true and correct in all material respects) to be true and correct would
     not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
     Material Adverse Effect on Parent; and the Company shall have received a
     certificate to such effect signed by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
     Financial Officer of Parent.

          (b) Agreements and Covenants. Parent and Merger Sub shall have
     performed or complied with all agreements and covenants required by this
     Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or prior to the
     Effective Time except for such failures to perform or comply that do not
     and will not have any material effects that are adverse to the Company; and
     the Company shall have received a certificate to such effect signed by the
     Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Parent.

          (c) Certain Obligations. (i) To the extent not satisfied by the
     Company prior to the Closing, Purchaser shall have made arrangements for
     the payment at Closing of the obligations set forth on Section 6.3(c) of
     the Company Disclosure Schedules. (ii) Parent shall have expressly assumed
     the obligations set forth in Section 6.3(c)(ii) of the Company Disclosure
     Schedule.

                                       A-41

                                  ARTICLE VII

                       TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

     7.1. Termination.

     This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger contemplated hereby may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, notwithstanding approval
thereof by the stockholders of the Company:

          (a) By mutual written consent duly authorized by the Boards of
     Directors of Parent and the Company;

          (b) By either Parent or the Company if the Merger shall not have been
     consummated on or before June 30, 2001; provided, however, that the right
     to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not be
     available to any party whose willful failure to fulfill any material
     obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the
     failure of the Merger to have been consummated on or before such date;

          (c) By either Parent or the Company, if a Court or Governmental
     Authority shall have issued an Order or taken any other action, in each
     case which has become final and non-appealable and which restrains, enjoins
     or otherwise prohibits the Merger;

          (d) By either Parent or the Company, if, at the Company Stockholders'
     Meeting (including any adjournment or postponement thereof), the requisite
     vote of the stockholders of the Company to approve and adopt this Agreement
     and to consummate the Merger shall not have been obtained;

          (e) By Parent, if the Board of Directors of the Company or any
     committee thereof shall have (i) approved or recommended, or proposed to
     approve or recommend, any Acquisition Proposal other than the Merger, (ii)
     failed to present and recommend the approval and adoption of this Agreement
     and the Merger to the stockholders of the Company, or withdrawn or
     modified, or proposed to withdraw or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent
     or Merger Sub, its recommendation or approval of the Merger, this Agreement
     or the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) failed to mail the Proxy
     Statement to the stockholders of the Company within a reasonable time of
     when the Proxy Statement was available for mailing or failed to include
     therein such approval and recommendation (including the recommendation that
     the stockholders of the Company vote in favor of the adoption of this
     Agreement), (iv) upon a written request by Parent to publicly reaffirm the
     approval and recommendation of the Merger, this Agreement and the
     transactions contemplated hereby following the delivery, making or
     announcement of an Acquisition Proposal, failed to do so within five
     Business Days after such request is made, (v) entered, or caused the
     Company or any Material Subsidiary to enter, into any letter of intent,
     agreement in principle, acquisition agreement or other similar agreement
     related to any Acquisition Proposal, (vi) taken any other action prohibited
     by Section 4.3, (vii) materially breached the Option Agreement or (viii)
     resolved or announced its intention to do any of the foregoing;

          (f) By Parent, if any Person (other than Parent or an Affiliate of
     Parent) acquires beneficial ownership of or the right to acquire 15% or
     more of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests
     of the Company;

          (g) By Parent, if neither Parent nor Merger Sub is in material breach
     of its obligations under this Agreement, and if (i) at any time that any of
     the representations and warranties of the Company herein become untrue or
     inaccurate such that Section 6.2(a) would not be satisfied (treating such
     time as if it were the Effective Time for purposes of this Section 7.1(g))
     or (ii) there has been a breach on the part of the Company of any of its
     covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement such that Section
     6.2(b) would not be satisfied (treating such time as if it were the
     Effective Time for purposes of this Section 7.1(g)), and, in both case (i)
     and case (ii), such breach (if curable) has not been cured within 30 days
     after notice to the Company; or

                                       A-42

          (h) By the Company, if it is not in material breach of its obligations
     under this Agreement, and if (i) at any time that any of the
     representations and warranties of Parent or Merger Sub herein become untrue
     or inaccurate such that Section 6.3(a) would not be satisfied (treating
     such time as if it were the Effective Time for purposes of this Section
     7.1(h)) or (ii) there has been a breach on the part of Parent or Merger Sub
     of any of their respective covenants or agreements contained in this
     Agreement such that Section 6.3(b) would not be satisfied (treating such
     time as if it were the Effective Time for purposes of this Section 7.1(h)),
     and such breach (if curable) has not been cured within 30 days after notice
     to Parent.

     7.2. Effect of Termination.

     Except as provided in this Section 7.2, in the event of the termination of
this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, this Agreement (other than this Section
7.2 and Sections 5.3(b), 5.10, 7.3 and Article VIII, which shall survive such
termination) will forthwith become void, and there will be no liability on the
part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company or any of their respective officers or
directors to the other and all rights and obligations of any party hereto will
cease, except that nothing herein will relieve any party from liability for any
breach, prior to termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, of
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement.

     7.3. Fees and Expenses.

     (a) Except as set forth in this Section 7.3, all fees and expenses incurred
in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall
and are permitted to be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or
not the Merger is consummated, including, but not limited to, legal and
accounting fees and expenses and the fees payable to the Parent Financial
Advisors and the Company Financial Advisors, as the case may be; provided,
however, that Parent and the Company shall share equally all fees and expenses,
other than attorneys' fees, incurred in relation to the printing and filing of
the Proxy Statement (including any preliminary materials related thereto), the
Registration Statement (including financial statements and exhibits) and any
amendments or supplements thereto and all filing fees payable in connection with
filings made under the HSR Act or Foreign Competition Laws.

     (b) If (A) (I) Parent shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to (x)
Section 7.1(d), Section 7.1(f), or Section 7.1(g) or (y) pursuant to Section
7.1(b) without the Company Stockholders' Meeting having occurred, (II) at any
time after the date of this Agreement and before such termination an Acquisition
Proposal with respect to the Company shall have been publicly announced or
otherwise communicated to the Board of Directors and stockholders of the Company
and not withdrawn prior to (1) the Company Stockholders' Meeting having
occurred, in the case of a termination pursuant to Section 7.1(d) only or (2)
such termination in the case of a termination pursuant to Section 7.1(b),
Section 7.1(f) or Section 7.1(g) only (a "Company Public Proposal") and (III)
within twelve months of such termination the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
enters into a definitive agreement with respect to, or consummates, any
Acquisition Proposal or (B) Parent shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 7.1(e); then the Company shall promptly, but in no event later than the
date of such termination (or in the case of clause (A), if later, the date the
Company or its Subsidiary enters into such agreement with respect to, or
consummates, such Acquisition Proposal), pay Parent an amount equal to
$75,000,000 by wire transfer of immediately available funds).

     7.4. Amendment.

     This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto by action taken by or
on behalf of their respective Boards of Directors at any time prior to the
Effective Time; provided, however, that, after approval of the Merger by the
stockholders of the Company, no amendment may be made which would reduce the
amount or change the type of consideration into which each share of Company
Common Stock shall be converted upon consummation of the Merger. This Agreement
may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by all of the
parties hereto.

                                       A-43

     7.5. Waiver.

     At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto may extend the
time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts required
hereunder, waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and waive
compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein. Any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing
signed by the party or parties to be bound thereby.

                                  ARTICLE VIII

                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

     8.1. Survival of Representations and Warranties.

     The representations, warranties and agreements of each party hereto will
remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of any other party hereto, any Person controlling any such
party or any of their officers, directors, representatives or agents whether
prior to or after the execution of this Agreement. The representations and
warranties in this Agreement will terminate at the Effective Time.

     8.2. Notices.

     All notices or other communications which are required or permitted
hereunder shall be in writing and sufficient if delivered personally or sent by
nationally recognized overnight courier or by registered or certified mail,
postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or by electronic mail, with a copy
thereof to be delivered or sent as provided above or by facsimile or telecopier,
as follows:

          (a) If to Parent or Merger Sub:

              Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.
              120 San Gabriel
              Sunnyvale, California 94086
              Facsimile: (408) 736-1831
              Attention: John F. Gifford, President

              With copy to:

              Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
              3330 Hillview Avenue
              Palo Alto, California 94304
              Facsimile: (650) 251-5002
              Attention: Richard Capelouto, Esq.

          (a) If to the Company:

              Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
              4401 South Beltwood Parkway
              Dallas, Texas 75244
              Facsimile: (972) 371-4319
              Attention: Chao C. Mai, President

                                       A-44

              With copies to:

              Jenkens & Gilchrist, P.C.
              1445 Ross Avenue, Suite 3200
              Dallas, Texas 75202
              Facsimile: (214) 855-4300
              Attention: Ronald J. Frappier, Esq.
                         Gregory J. Schmitt, Esq.

or to such other address as the party to whom notice is to be given may have
furnished to the other party in writing in accordance herewith. All such notices
or communications shall be deemed to be received (i) in the case of personal
delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier or registered or certified
mail, on the date of such delivery and (ii) in the case of facsimile or
telecopier or electronic mail, upon confirmed receipt.

     8.3. Disclosure Schedules.

     The Company Disclosure Schedule and the Parent Disclosure Schedule each
shall be divided into sections corresponding to the sections and subsections of
this Agreement. Disclosure of any fact or item in any section of a party's
Disclosure Schedule shall, if such disclosure reasonably appears to do so, be
deemed to be disclosed with respect to all other relevant sections.

     8.4. Certain Definitions.

     For purposes of this Agreement, the term:

          (a) "Affiliate" means any Person that directly or indirectly, through
     one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
     control with, the first mentioned Person, including, with respect to the
     Company, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or joint
     venture in which the Company (either alone, or through or together with any
     other Subsidiary) has, directly or indirectly, an interest of 10% or more.

          (b) "Balance Sheet" means, as the context requires, either (i) the
     balance sheet of the Company contained in the Company's December 31
     Financial Statements or (ii) the balance sheet of the Parent contained in
     the Parent's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
     30, 2000.

          (c) "beneficial owner" (including the terms "beneficial ownership" and
     "to beneficially own") with respect to a Person's ownership of any
     securities means such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
     associates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is deemed to
     beneficially own, directly or indirectly, within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
     under the Exchange Act.

          (d) "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or day
     on which banks are permitted to close in the State of California.

          (e) "Company Disclosure Schedule" means a schedule of even date
     herewith delivered by the Company to Parent concurrently with the execution
     of this Agreement, which, among other things, will identify exceptions and
     other matters with respect to the representations, warranties and covenants
     of the Company contained herein.

          (f) "Company Rights" means the rights issued pursuant to the Company
     Rights Agreement.

          (g) "Company Rights Agreement" means that certain Rights Agreement,
     dated as of September 10, 1999, between the Company and ChaseMellon
     Shareholder Services, L.L.C.

          (h) "Contract" means any contract, plan, undertaking, understanding,
     agreement, license, lease, note, mortgage or other binding commitment,
     whether written or oral.

                                       A-45

          (i) "control" (including the terms "controlled by" and "under common
     control with") means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power
     to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person,
     whether through the ownership of stock, as trustee or executor, by Contract
     or otherwise.

          (j) "Court" means any court or arbitration tribunal of the United
     States, any domestic state, or any foreign country, and any political
     subdivision or agency thereof.

          (k) "Exchange Agent" means any bank or trust company organized under
     the Laws of the United States or any of the states thereof and having a net
     worth in excess of $100 million designated and appointed to act as the
     exchange agent in the Merger.

          (l) "Foreign Competition Laws" means any foreign statutes, rules,
     Regulations, Orders, administrative and judicial directives, and other
     foreign Laws, that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or
     regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization, lessening
     of competition or restraint of trade.

          (m) "Governmental Authority" means any governmental agency or
     authority of the United States, any domestic state, or any foreign country,
     and any political subdivision or agency thereof, and includes any authority
     having governmental or quasi-governmental powers, including any
     administrative agency or commission.

          (n) "Intellectual Property" means all United States and foreign
     intellectual property, including, without limitation, all trademarks,
     service marks, trade names, brand names, URLs and Internet domain names,
     designs, slogans, logos, trade dress and all other source indicators,
     together with all goodwill related to the foregoing; patents, copyrights
     and copyrightable works (including Software), technology, trade secrets and
     confidential or proprietary information, customer lists, know-how,
     processes, formulae, algorithms, models, user interfaces, inventions,
     semiconductors, mask works, systems, networks, hardware, firmware,
     middleware, and all registrations, applications, recordings, renewals,
     continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, reissues, reexaminations,
     foreign counterparts, and other legal protections and rights related to the
     foregoing.

          (o) "Knowledge" means (i) with respect to the Company, the actual
     knowledge of any of the individuals listed on Section 8.4(o)(i) of the
     Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) with respect to Parent, the actual
     knowledge of any of the individuals listed on Section 8.4(o)(ii) of the
     Parent Disclosure Schedule.

          (p) "Law" means all laws, statutes, ordinances and Regulations of any
     Governmental Agency including all decisions of Courts having the effect of
     law in each such jurisdiction.

          (q) "Lien" means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, attachment,
     encumbrance, lien (statutory or otherwise), license, claim, option,
     conditional sale agreement, right of first refusal, first offer,
     termination, participation or purchase or charge of any kind (including any
     agreement to give any of the foregoing); provided, however, that the term
     "Lien" shall not include (i) statutory liens for Taxes, which are not yet
     due and payable or are being contested in good faith by appropriate
     proceedings, (ii) statutory or common law liens to secure landlords,
     lessors or renters under leases or rental agreements confined to the
     premises rented, (iii) deposits or pledges made in connection with, or to
     secure payment of, workers' compensation, unemployment insurance, old age
     pension or other social security programs mandated under applicable Laws,
     (iv) statutory or common law liens in favor of carriers, warehousemen,
     mechanics and materialmen, to secure claims for labor, materials or
     supplies and other like liens, and (v) restrictions on transfer of
     securities imposed by applicable state and federal securities Laws.

          (r) "Litigation" means any claim, suit, action, arbitration, cause of
     action, claim, complaint, criminal prosecution, investigation, demand
     letter, or proceeding, whether at law or at equity, before or by any Court
     or Governmental Authority, any arbitrator or other tribunal.

                                       A-46

          (s) "Material Adverse Effect" means any fact, event, change,
     development, circumstance or effect (i) that, when such term is used in
     relation to the Company, is materially adverse to the business, condition
     (financial or otherwise), results of operations, assets, liabilities,
     properties or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
     whole, or (ii) that, when such term is used in relation to Parent or Merger
     Sub, is materially adverse to the business, condition (financial or
     otherwise), results of operations, assets, liabilities, properties or
     prospects of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided,
     however, that a Material Adverse Effect with respect to any party hereto
     shall not include any fact, event, change, development, circumstance or
     effect resulting from (A) general economic conditions, (B) conditions
     generally affecting the semiconductor industry, (C) actions contemplated by
     the parties in connection with, or which is attributable to, the
     announcement of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
     (including loss of customers, suppliers or employees or the delay or
     cancellation of orders for products to the extent attributable to such
     factors), or (D) any litigation or litigation by any Government Authority,
     in each case brought or threatened against such entity or any member of its
     Board of Directors in respect of this Agreement or the transaction
     contemplated hereby; and provided, further, that neither (x) any change in
     the market price or trading volume of the Company Common Stock or Parent
     Common Stock nor (y) a failure by the Company or Parent to meet the revenue
     or earnings predictions or expectations, for any period ending on or after
     the date of this Agreement shall, in and of itself, constitute a Material
     Adverse Effect (it being understood that this proviso, as it relates to
     (y), shall not exclude any underlying fact, event, change, development,
     circumstance or event which resulted in such failure to meet such
     estimates, predictions or expectations).

          (t) "Order" means any judgment, order, writ, injunction, ruling or
     decree of, or any settlement under the jurisdiction of, any Court or
     Governmental Authority.

          (u) "Person" means an individual, corporation, partnership,
     association, trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company,
     other entity or group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act).

          (v) "Regulation" means any rule or regulation of any Governmental
     Authority having the effect of Law.

          (w) "Software" means any and all (i) computer programs, including any
     and all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies,
     whether in source code or object code, (ii) databases and compilations,
     including any and all data and collections of data, whether machine
     readable, on paper or otherwise, (iii) descriptions, flow-charts and other
     work product used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the
     foregoing, (iv) the technology supporting, and the contents and audiovisual
     displays of any Internet site(s) operated by or on behalf of Company or any
     of its Subsidiaries, and (v) all documentation and other works of
     authorship, including user manuals and training materials, relating to any
     of the foregoing.

          (x) "Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" of the Company, the Surviving
     Corporation, Parent or any other Person means any corporation, partnership,
     joint venture, limited liability company or other legal entity of which the
     Company, the Surviving Corporation, Parent or such other Person, as the
     case may be, owns, directly or indirectly, greater than 50% of the stock or
     other equity interests the holder of which is generally entitled to vote as
     a general partner or for the election of the board of directors or other
     governing body of a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited
     liability company or other legal entity.

     8.5. Interpretation.

     When a reference is made in this Agreement to sections, subsections,
Schedules or Exhibits, such reference shall be to a section, subsection,
Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The words
"include," "includes" and "including" when used herein shall be deemed in each
case to be followed by the words "without limitation." The word "herein" and
similar references mean, except where a specific section or Article reference is
expressly indicated, the entire Agreement rather than
                                       A-47

any specific section or Article. The  and the headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

     8.6. Severability.

     If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law, or public policy, all other
conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full
force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner adverse to any party. Upon
such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to
modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as
closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that transactions
contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

     8.7. Entire Agreement.

     This Agreement and the Option Agreement (including all exhibits and
schedules hereto and thereto) and other documents and instruments delivered in
connection herewith constitute the entire agreement and supersedes all prior
agreements and undertakings (other than the Confidentiality Agreement), both
written and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof.

     8.8. Assignment.

     This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of Law or otherwise.

     8.9. Parties in Interest.

     This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of
each party hereto, and, except as set forth in Section 5.6(a), Section 5.6(f)
and Section 5.13, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to
or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

     8.10. Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative.

     No failure or delay on the part of any party hereto in the exercise of any
right hereunder will impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of, or
acquiescence in, any breach of any representation, warranty or agreement herein,
nor will any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude other or
further exercise thereof or of any other right. All rights and remedies existing
under this Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive to, and not exclusive
of, any rights or remedies otherwise available.

     8.11. Governing Law; Enforcement.

     This Agreement and the rights and duties of the parties hereunder shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with the Law of the State of Delaware
applicable to contracts executed and to be performed entirely within that state.
The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of
the provisions of this Agreement or the Option Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement or the Option Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement or the Option
Agreement in the United Stated District Court for the District of Delaware, this
being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in
equity. In addition, each of the parties hereto, (a) consents to submit itself
to the personal jurisdiction of the United Stated District Court for the
District of Delaware in the event any dispute arises out of this Agreement or
the Option Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, (b)
agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by
motion or other request for leave from any such court, (c) agrees that it will
not bring any action relating to this Agreement or the Option Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby or thereby in any

                                       A-48

other court and (d) waives any right to trial by jury with respect to any action
related to or arising out of this Agreement or the Option Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby or thereby.

     8.12. Counterparts.

     This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed
shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same agreement.

               [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

                                       A-49

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective
officers thereunto duly authorized.

                                          MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.

                                          By: /s/ JOHN F. GIFFORD
                                            ------------------------------------
                                              Name: John F. Gifford
                                              Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                          MI ACQUISITION SUB, INC.

                                          By: /s/ JOHN F. GIFFORD
                                            ------------------------------------
                                              Name: John F. Gifford
                                              Title: Chief Executive Officer

                                          DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                                          By: /s/ CHAO C. MAI
                                            ------------------------------------
                                              Name: Chao C. Mai
                                              Title: President

                                       A-50

                                                                         ANNEX B

     STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of January 28, 2001 (the "Agreement"),
between Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Grantee"),
Dallas Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Issuer").

                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS, Grantee and Issuer are, concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
as of the date hereof (the "Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which the parties
will engage in a business combination (the "Merger") (capitalized terms not
otherwise defined herein shave have the meanings assigned to them in the Merger
Agreement).

     WHEREAS, as a condition to its willingness to enter into the Merger
Agreement, Grantee has required that Issuer agree, and believing it to be in the
best interests of Issuer, Issuer has agreed, among other things, to grant to
Grantee the Option (as hereinafter defined) to purchase shares of common stock,
par value $0.02 per share, of Issuer ("Issuer Common Stock") at a price per
share equal to the Exercise Price (as hereinafter defined).

                                   AGREEMENT

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I

                           OPTION TO PURCHASE SHARES

     1.1  Grant of Option.

     (a) Issuer hereby grants to Grantee an irrevocable option to purchase, in
whole or in part, an aggregate of up to 9,259,002 duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of Issuer Common Stock (representing
14.9% of the issued and outstanding shares of Issuer Common Stock as of January
25, 2001), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein (the
"Option"); provided, however, that in no event shall the number of shares of
Issuer Common Stock, for which this Option is exercisable, exceed 14.9% of the
issued and outstanding shares of Issuer Common Stock at the time of exercise
without giving effect to the issuance of any Option Shares (as defined below).
The number of shares of Issuer Common Stock that may be received upon the
exercise of the Option and the Exercise Price are subject to adjustment as
herein set forth.

     (b) In the event that any additional shares of Issuer Common Stock are
issued or otherwise become outstanding after January 25, 2001 (other than
pursuant to this Agreement and other than pursuant to an event described in
Section 3.1 hereof), the number of shares of Issuer Common Stock subject to the
Option shall be increased so that, after such issuance, such number together
with any shares of Issuer Common Stock previously issued pursuant hereto, equals
14.9% of the number of shares of Issuer Common Stock then issued and
outstanding, without giving effect to any shares subject or issued pursuant to
the Option. Nothing contained in this Section 1.1(b) or elsewhere in this
Agreement shall be deemed to authorize Issuer to breach or fail to comply with
any provision of the Merger Agreement. As used herein, the term "Option Shares"
means the shares of Issuer Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Option, as the
number of such shares shall be adjusted pursuant to the terms hereof.

     1.2  Exercise of Option.

     (a) The Option may be exercised by Grantee, in whole or in part, at any
time, or from time to time, commencing upon the Exercise Date and prior to the
Expiration Date. As used herein, the term "Exercise

                                       B-1

Date" means the date on which Grantee becomes unconditionally entitled to
receive a termination fee pursuant to Section 7.3(b) of the Merger Agreement
(the "Termination Fee"). As used herein, the term "Expiration Date" means the
first to occur prior to Grantee's exercise of the Option pursuant to Section
1.2(b) of:

          (i) the Effective Time;

          (ii) written notice of termination of this Agreement by Grantee to
     Issuer;

          (iii) 12 months after the first occurrence of an Exercise Date; or

          (iv) the date of termination of the Merger Agreement, unless, in the
     case of this clause (iv), Grantee has the right to receive the Termination
     Fee either (x) upon, or (y) following, such termination upon the occurrence
     of certain events, in which case the Option will not terminate until the
     later of (A) 15 business days following the time the Termination Fee
     becomes unconditionally payable, and (B) the expiration of the period
     referred to in Section 7.3(b)(A)(III) of the Merger Agreement.

Notwithstanding the termination of the Option, Grantee shall be entitled to
purchase those Option Shares with respect to which it may have exercised the
Option by delivery of an Option Notice (as defined below) prior to the
Expiration Date, and the termination of the Option will not affect any rights
hereunder that by their terms do not terminate or expire prior to or at the
Expiration Date.

     (b) In the event Grantee wishes to exercise the Option, Grantee shall send
a written notice to Issuer of its intention to so exercise the Option (an
"Option Notice"), specifying the number of Option Shares to be purchased (and
the denominations of the certificates, if more than one), whether the aggregate
Exercise Price will be paid in cash or by surrendering a portion of the Option
in accordance with Section 1.3(b) or a combination thereof, and the place in the
United States, time and date of the closing of such purchase (the "Option
Closing" and the date of such Closing, the "Option Closing Date"), which date
shall not be less than two Business Days nor more than ten Business Days from
the date on which an Option Notice is delivered; provided, however, that the
Option Closing shall be held only if (i) such purchase would not otherwise
violate or cause the violation of, any applicable material law, statute,
ordinance, rule or regulation (including the HSR Act) (individually, a "Law" and
collectively, "Laws"), and (ii) no material judgment, order, writ, injunction,
ruling or decree of any Governmental Authority (collectively, "Orders") shall
have been promulgated, enacted, entered into, or enforced by any Governmental
Authority that prohibits delivery of the Option Shares, whether temporary,
preliminary or permanent; provided, however, that the parties hereto shall use
their reasonable best efforts to (x) promptly make and process all necessary
filings and applications and obtain all consents, approvals, Orders,
authorizations, registrations and declarations or expiration or termination of
any required waiting periods (collectively, "Approvals") and to comply with any
such applicable Laws and (y) have any such Order vacated or reversed. In the
event the Option Closing is delayed pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, the
Option Closing shall be within ten Business Days following the cessation of such
restriction, violation, Law or Order or the receipt of any necessary Approval,
as the case may be (so long as the Option Notice was delivered prior to the
Expiration Date); provided further, that, notwithstanding any prior Option
Notice, Grantee shall be entitled to rescind such Option Notice and shall not be
obligated to purchase any Option Shares in connection with such exercise upon
written notice to such effect to Issuer.

     (c) At any Option Closing, (i) Issuer shall deliver to Grantee all of the
Option Shares to be purchased by delivery of a certificate or certificates
evidencing such Option Shares in the denominations designated by Grantee in the
Option Notice, and (ii) if the Option is exercised in part and/or surrendered in
part to pay the aggregate Exercise Price pursuant to Section 1.3(b), Issuer and
Grantee shall execute and deliver an amendment to this Agreement reflecting the
Option Shares for which the Option has not been exercised and/or surrendered. If
at the time of issuance of any Option Shares pursuant to an exercise of all or
part of the Option hereunder, Issuer shall have issued any rights or other
securities which are attached to or otherwise associated with the Issuer Common
Stock, then each Option Share issued pursuant to such exercise shall also
represent such rights or other securities with terms substantially the

                                       B-2

same as and at least as favorable to Grantee as are provided under any
shareholder rights agreement or similar agreement of Issuer then in effect. At
the Option Closing, Grantee shall pay to Issuer by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account specified by Issuer to Grantee in writing at least
two Business Days prior to the Option Closing an amount equal to the Exercise
Price multiplied by the number of Option Shares to be purchased for cash
pursuant to this Article I; provided, however, that the failure or refusal of
Issuer to specify an account shall not affect Issuer's obligation to issue the
Option Shares.

     (d) Upon the delivery by Grantee to Issuer of the Option Notice and the
tender of the applicable aggregate Exercise Price in immediately available funds
or the requisite portion of the Option in accordance with Section 1.3, Grantee
shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Option Shares issuable upon
such exercise, notwithstanding that the stock transfer books of Issuer may then
be closed, that certificates representing such Option Shares may not then have
been actually delivered to Grantee, or Issuer may have failed or refused to take
any action required of it hereunder. Issuer shall pay all expenses that may be
payable in connection with the preparation, issuance and delivery of stock
certificates or an amendment to this Agreement under this Section 1.2 and any
filing fees and other expenses arising from the performance of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

     1.3  Payments.

     (a) The purchase and sale of the Option Shares pursuant to Section 1.2 of
this Agreement shall be at a purchase price equal to $26.8125 per share (as such
amount may be adjusted pursuant to the terms hereof, the "Exercise Price"),
payable at Grantee's option in cash, by surrender of a portion of the Option in
accordance with Section 1.3(b), or a combination thereof.

     (b) Grantee may elect to purchase Option Shares issuable, and pay some or
all of the aggregate Exercise Price payable, upon an exercise of the Option by
surrendering a portion of the Option with respect to such number of Option
Shares as is determined by dividing (i) the aggregate Exercise Price payable in
respect of the number of Option Shares being purchased in such manner by (ii)
the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) per share of Issuer
Common Stock as of the last trading day preceding the date Grantee delivers its
Option Notice (such date, the "Option Exercise Date") over the per share
Exercise Price. The "Fair Market Value" per share of Issuer Common Stock shall
be (x) if the Issuer Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the
"NYSE") or any other nationally recognized exchange or trading system as of the
Option Exercise Date, the average of last reported sale prices per share of
Issuer Common Stock thereon for the ten trading days commencing on the 12th
trading day immediately preceding the Option Exercise Date, or (y) if the Issuer
Common Stock is not listed on the NYSE or any other nationally recognized
exchange or trading system as of the Option Exercise Date, the amount determined
by a mutually acceptable independent investment banking firm as the value per
share the Issuer Common Stock would have if publicly traded on a nationally
recognized exchange or trading system (assuming no discount for minority
interest, illiquidity or restrictions on transfer). That portion of the Option
so surrendered under this Section 1.3(b) shall be canceled and shall thereafter
be of no further force and effect.

     (c) Certificates for the Option Shares delivered at an Option Closing will
have typed or printed thereon a restrictive legend which will read substantially
as follows:

     "THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
     UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY BE REOFFERED OR SOLD
     ONLY IF SO REGISTERED OR IF AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH REGISTRATION IS
     AVAILABLE. SUCH SECURITIES ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON
     TRANSFER AS SET FORTH IN THE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JANUARY 28,
     2001, A COPY OF WHICH MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE SECRETARY OF STAR
     CORPORATION AT ITS PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES."

                                       B-3

It is understood and agreed that (i) the reference to restrictions arising under
the Securities Act in the above legend will be removed by delivery of substitute
certificate(s) without such reference if such Option Shares have been registered
pursuant to the Securities Act, such Option Shares have been sold in reliance on
and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act or Grantee has
delivered to Issuer a copy of a letter from the staff of the SEC, or an opinion
of counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Issuer and its
counsel, to the effect that such legend is not required for purposes of the
Securities Act and (ii) the reference to restrictions pursuant to this Agreement
in the above legend will be removed by delivery of substitute certificate(s)
without such reference if the Option Shares evidenced by certificate(s)
containing such reference have been sold or transferred in compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement under circumstances that do not require the
retention of such reference.

                                   ARTICLE II

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

     2.1  Representations and Warranties of Grantee. Grantee hereby represents
and warrants to Issuer that any Option Shares or other securities acquired by
Grantee upon exercise of the Option will not be taken with a view to the public
distribution thereof and will not be transferred or otherwise disposed of except
in a transaction registered or exempt from registration under the Securities
Act.

     2.2  Representations and Warranties of Issuer. Issuer hereby represents and
warrants to Grantee as follows:

          (a) Option Shares. Issuer has taken all necessary corporate and other
     action to authorize and reserve for issuance, and, subject to receipt of
     any Approvals, to permit it to issue, the Option Shares and all additional
     shares or other securities that may be issued pursuant to Section 3.1 upon
     exercise of the Option, and, at all times from the date hereof until such
     time as the obligation to deliver Option Shares hereunder terminates, will
     have reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Option the Option Shares
     and such other additional shares or securities, if any. All of the Option
     Shares and all additional shares or other securities or property that may
     be issuable pursuant to Section 3.1, upon exercise of the Option and
     issuance pursuant hereto, shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully
     paid and nonassessable, shall be delivered free and clear of all Liens of
     any nature whatsoever, and shall not be subject to any preemptive or
     similar right of any Person.

          (b) No Restrictions. No Delaware law or other takeover statute or
     similar Law and no provision of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
     or Bylaws of Issuer or any agreement to which Issuer is a party (i) would
     or would purport to impose restrictions that might adversely affect or
     delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
     or (ii) as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement, (x) would or would purport to restrict or impair the
     ability of Grantee to vote or otherwise exercise the rights of a
     stockholder with respect to securities of Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries
     that may be acquired or controlled by Grantee, or (y) would or would
     purport to entitle any Person to acquire securities of Issuer.

                                  ARTICLE III

                   ADJUSTMENT UPON CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION

     3.1  In addition to the adjustment in the number of shares of Issuer Common
Stock that may be purchased upon exercise of the Option pursuant to Section 1.1,
the number of shares of Issuer Common Stock that may be purchased upon the
exercise of the Option and the Exercise Price shall be subject to adjustment
from time to time as provided in this Section 3.1. In the event of any change in
the number of issued and outstanding shares of Issuer Common Stock by reason of
any stock dividend, split-up, merger, recapitalization, combination, conversion,
exchange of shares, spin-off or other change in the corporate or capital
structure of Issuer that would have the effect of diluting or otherwise
diminishing Grantee's rights hereunder, the number and kind of Option Shares or
other securities subject to the Option and the

                                       B-4

Exercise Price therefor shall be appropriately adjusted so that Grantee shall
receive upon exercise of the Option (or, if such a change occurs between
exercise and the Option Closing, upon the Option Closing) the number and kind of
shares or other securities or property that Grantee would have received in
respect of the Option Shares that Grantee is entitled to purchase upon exercise
of the Option if the Option had been exercised (or the purchase thereunder had
been consummated, as the case may be) immediately prior to such event or the
record date for such event, as applicable. The rights of Grantee under this
Article III shall be in addition to, and shall in no way limit, its rights
against Issuer for breach of or the failure to perform any provision of the
Merger Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                              REGISTRATION RIGHTS

     4.1 Registration of Option Shares Under the Securities Act.

     (a) If requested by Grantee at any time and from time to time within two
years after receipt by Grantee of Option Shares (the "Registration Period"),
Issuer shall use its reasonable best efforts, as promptly as practicable, to
effect the registration under the Securities Act and any applicable state law (a
"Demand Registration") of such number of Option Shares or such other Issuer
securities owned by or issuable to Grantee in accordance with the method of sale
or other disposition contemplated by Grantee, including a "shelf" registration
statement under Rule 415 of the Securities Act or any successor provision, and
to obtain all consents or waivers of other parties that are required therefor.
Except with respect to such a "shelf" registration, Issuer shall keep such
Demand Registration effective for a period of not less than 180 days, unless, in
the written opinion of counsel to Issuer, which opinion shall be delivered to
Grantee and which shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
Grantee and its counsel, such registration under the Securities Act is not
required in order to lawfully sell and distribute such Option Shares or other
Issuer securities in the manner contemplated by Grantee. Issuer shall only have
the obligation to effect three Demand Registrations pursuant to this Section
4.1; provided, however, that only requests relating to a registration statement
that has become effective under the Securities Act shall be counted for purposes
of determining the number of Demand Registrations made. Issuer shall be entitled
to postpone for up to 90 days from receipt of Grantee's request for a Demand
Registration the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith if
the Board of Directors of Issuer determines in its good faith reasonable
judgment that such registration would materially interfere with any material
event involving the Issuer or require premature disclosure of any material
non-public information, the disclosure of which would materially and adversely
affect the Issuer; provided, however, that Issuer shall not have postponed any
Demand Registration pursuant to this sentence during the twelve month period
immediately preceding the date of delivery of Grantee's request for a Demand
Registration.

     (b) If Issuer effects a registration under the Securities Act of Issuer
Common Stock for its own account or for any other stockholders of Issuer (other
than on Form S-4 or Form S-8, or any successor form), Grantee shall have the
right to participate in such registration and include in such registration the
number of shares of Issuer Common Stock or such other Issuer securities as
Grantee shall designate by notice to Issuer (an "Incidental Registration" and,
together with a Demand Registration, a "Registration"); provided, however, that,
if the Incidental Registration is in connection with an underwritten public
offering, the managing underwriters of such offering advise Issuer in writing
that, in their opinion, the number of shares of Issuer Common Stock or other
Issuer securities requested to be included in such Incidental Registration
exceeds the number which can be sold in such offering, Issuer shall include
therein (i) first, all shares proposed to be included therein by Issuer, (ii)
second, subject to the rights of any other holders of registration rights in
effect as of the date hereof, the shares requested to be included therein by
Grantee, and (iii) third, shares proposed to be included therein by any other
stockholder of Issuer. Participation by Grantee in any Incidental Registration
shall not affect the obligation of Issuer to effect Demand Registrations under
this Section 4.1. Issuer may withdraw any registration under the Securities Act
that gives rise to an Incidental Registration without the consent of Grantee.

                                       B-5

     (c) In connection with any Registration pursuant to this Section 4.1 that
is an underwritten public offering, (i) Issuer and Grantee shall provide each
other and any underwriter of the offering with customary representations,
warranties, covenants, indemnification and contribution obligations in
connection with such Registration, (ii) Issuer shall use reasonable best efforts
to cause any Option Shares included in such Registration to be approved for
listing on the NYSE or any other nationally recognized exchange or trading
system upon which Issuer's securities are then listed, subject to official
notice of issuance, which notice shall be given by Issuer upon issuance, and
(iii) Grantee shall provide all information reasonably requested by Issuer that
is required for inclusion in any registration statement covering the Option
Shares. Grantee will provide all information reasonably requested by Issuer for
inclusion in any registration statement to be filed hereunder. The costs and
expenses incurred by Issuer in connection with any Registration pursuant to this
Section 4.1 (including any fees related to qualifications under Blue Sky Laws
and SEC filing fees) (the "Registration Expenses") shall be borne by Issuer,
excluding legal fees of Grantee's counsel and underwriting discounts or
commissions with respect to Option Shares to be sold by Grantee included in a
Registration.

     4.2  Transfers of Option Shares.

     (a) The Option Shares may not be sold, assigned, transferred, or otherwise
disposed of except (i) as provided in Section 4.1 or (ii) other than in
accordance with Section 5.3 hereof, to any purchaser or transferee who would
not, to the knowledge of Grantee after reasonable inquiry, immediately following
such sale, assignment, transfer or disposal beneficially own more than five
percent (5%) of the then-outstanding voting power of the Issuer; provided,
however, that Grantee shall be permitted to sell any Option Shares if such sale
is made pursuant to a tender or exchange offer that has been approved or
recommended by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Issuer
(which majority shall include a majority of directors who were directors as of
the date hereof).

                                   ARTICLE V

              REPURCHASE RIGHTS; SUBSTITUTE OPTION; FIRST REFUSAL

     5.1  Repurchase Rights.

     (a) At any time on or after the Exercise Date and prior to the Expiration
Date, Grantee shall have the right (the "Repurchase Right") to require Issuer to
repurchase from Grantee (i) the Option or any part thereof as Grantee shall
designate at a price (the "Option Repurchase Price") equal to the amount by
which (A) the Market/Offer Price (as defined below) exceeds (B) the Exercise
Price, multiplied by the number of Option Shares as to which the Option is to be
repurchased, and (ii) such number of Option Shares as Grantee shall designate at
a price (the "Option Share Repurchase Price") equal to the Market/Offer Price
multiplied by the number of Option Shares so designated. The term "Market/Offer
Price" shall mean the highest of (x) the highest price per share of Issuer
Common Stock offered or paid in any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the
Merger Agreement), or (y) the highest closing price for shares of Issuer Common
Stock during the six-month period immediately preceding the date Grantee gives
the Repurchase Notice (as hereinafter defined). In determining the Market/Offer
Price, the value of consideration other than cash shall be determined by a
nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by Grantee and reasonably
acceptable to Issuer, which determination, absent manifest error, shall be
conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

     (b) Grantee shall exercise its Repurchase Right by delivering to Issuer
written notice (a "Repurchase Notice") stating that Grantee elects to require
Issuer to repurchase all or a portion of the Option and/or the Option Shares as
specified therein. The closing of the Repurchase Right (the "Repurchase
Closing") shall take place in the United States at the place, time and date
specified in the Repurchase Notice, which date shall not be less than two
Business Days nor more than ten Business Days from the date on which the
Repurchase Notice is delivered. At the Repurchase Closing, subject to the
receipt of a writing evidencing the surrender of the Option and/or certificates
representing Option Shares, as the case may be, Issuer shall deliver to Grantee
the Option Repurchase Price therefor or the Option Share Repurchase
                                       B-6

Price therefor, as the case may be, or the portion thereof that Issuer is not
then prohibited under applicable Law from so delivering. At the Repurchase
Closing, (i) Issuer shall pay to Grantee the Option Repurchase Price for the
portion of the Option that is to be repurchased or the Option Shares Repurchase
Price for the number of Option Shares to be repurchased, as the case may be, by
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account specified by Grantee
at least 24 hours prior to the Repurchase Closing, and (ii) if the Option is
repurchased only in part, Issuer and Grantee shall execute and deliver an
amendment to this Agreement reflecting the Option Shares for which the Option is
not being repurchased.

     (c) To the extent that Issuer is prohibited under applicable Law from
repurchasing the portion of the Option or the Option Shares designated in such
Repurchase Notice, Issuer shall immediately so notify Grantee and thereafter
deliver, from time to time, to Grantee the portion of the Option Repurchase
Price and the Option Share Repurchase Price, respectively, that it is no longer
prohibited from delivering, within five Business Days after the date on which
Issuer is no longer so prohibited; provided, however, that if Issuer at any time
after delivery of a Repurchase Notice is prohibited under applicable Law from
delivering to Grantee the full amount of the Option Repurchase Price and the
Option Share Repurchase Price for the Option or Option Shares to be repurchased,
respectively, Grantee may rescind the exercise of the Repurchase Right, whether
in whole, in part or to the extent of the prohibition, and, to the extent
rescinded, no part of the amounts, terms or the rights with respect to the
Option or Repurchase Right shall be changed or affected as if such Repurchase
Right were not exercised. Issuer shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain
all required regulatory and legal approvals and to file any required notices to
permit Grantee to exercise its Repurchase Right and shall use its reasonable
best efforts to avoid or cause to be rescinded or rendered inapplicable any
prohibition on Issuer's repurchase of the Option or the Option Shares.

     5.2  Substitute Option.

     (a) In the event that Issuer enters into an agreement (i) to consolidate
with or merge into any Person, other than Grantee or any Subsidiary of Grantee
(each an "Excluded Person"), and Issuer is not the continuing or surviving
corporation of such consolidation or merger, (ii) to permit any Person, other
than an Excluded Person, to merge into Issuer and Issuer shall be the continuing
or surviving or acquiring corporation, but, in connection with such merger, the
then outstanding shares of Issuer Common Stock shall be changed into or
exchanged for stock or other securities of any other Person or cash or any other
property or the then outstanding shares of Issuer Common Stock shall after such
merger represent less than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the
merged or acquiring company, or (iii) to sell or otherwise transfer all or
substantially all of its assets to any Person, other than an Excluded Person,
then, and in each such case, the agreement governing such transaction shall make
proper provision so that, unless earlier exercised by Grantee, the Option shall,
upon the consummation of any such transaction and upon the terms and conditions
set forth herein, be converted into, or exchanged for, an option with identical
terms appropriately adjusted to acquire the number and class of shares or other
securities or property that Grantee would have received in respect of Issuer
Common Stock if the Option had been exercised immediately prior to such
consolidation, merger, sale, or transfer, or the record date therefor, as
applicable and make any other necessary adjustments; provided, however, that if
such a conversion or exchange cannot, because of applicable Law be the same as
the Option, such terms shall be as similar as possible and in no event less
advantageous to Grantee than the Option.

     (b) In addition to any other restrictions or covenants, Issuer agrees that
it shall not enter or agree to enter into any transaction described in Section
5.2(a) unless the Acquiring Corporation (as hereinafter defined) and any Person
that controls the Acquiring Corporation assume in writing all the obligations of
Issuer hereunder and agree for the benefit of Grantee to comply with this
Article V.

     (c) For purposes of this Section 5.2, the term "Acquiring Corporation"
shall mean (i) the continuing or surviving Person of a consolidation or merger
with Issuer (if other than Issuer), (ii) Issuer in a consolidation or merger in
which Issuer is the continuing or surviving or acquiring Person, and (iii) the
transferee of all or substantially all of Issuer's assets.

                                       B-7

     5.3  First Refusal.

     (a) If Grantee desires to sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of
all or any of the shares of Issuer Common Stock or other securities acquired by
it pursuant to the exercise of the Option, it will give Issuer written notice of
the proposed transaction (the "Offeror's Notice"), identifying the proposed
transferee, the proposed purchase price and the terms of such proposed
transaction. For ten business days following receipt of such notice, Issuer
shall have the option to elect by written notice to purchase all, but not less
than all, of the Issuer Common Stock or other securities specified in Offeror's
Notice at the price and upon the terms set froth in such notice.

     (b) The closing of any repurchase of Option Shares pursuant to this Section
5.3 shall take place within ten business days of Issuer's election to purchase
such Option Shares. On such closing date, Issuer shall pay the purchase price to
Grantee in immediately available funds, and Grantee shall thereupon surrender to
Issuer the certificate or certificates evidencing the shares of Issuer Common
Stock or other securities repurchased by the Issuer pursuant to this Section
5.3.

     (c) If Issuer does not elect to purchase the shares of Issuer Common Stock
or other securities designated in the Offeror's Notice, Grantee may, within 60
days from the date of the Offeror's Notice, sell such shares of Issuer Common
Stock or other securities to the proposed transferee at no less than the price
specified and on terms not more favorable to the transferee than those set forth
in the Offeror's Notice; provided, however, that the provisions of this Section
5.3(c) will not limit the rights Grantee many otherwise have if Issuer has
elected to purchase such shares of Issuer Common Stock or other securities and
wrongfully refuses to complete such purchase.

     (d) The requirements of this Section 5.3 will not apply to (i) any sale,
assignment, transfer or disposition to an affiliate of Grantee; provided,
however, that such affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms hereof, (ii) any
sale, assignment, transfer or disposition as a result of which the proposed
transferee would own beneficially not more than 5% of the outstanding voting
power of the Issuer, or (iii) any sales or transfers by Grantee in a registered
underwritten offering.

                                   ARTICLE VI

                                 MISCELLANEOUS

     6.1  Total Profit.

     (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in no event
shall Grantee's Total Profit (as hereinafter defined) plus any termination fees
paid by Issuer pursuant to Section 7.3(b) of the Merger Agreement (such fees,
collectively, the "Total Issuer Fees") exceed in the aggregate an amount (the
"Limitation Amount") equal to $75,000,000, and, if the total amount that would
otherwise be received by Grantee otherwise would exceed such amount, Grantee, at
its sole election, shall either (i) reduce the number of shares of Issuer Common
Stock subject to this Option, (ii) deliver to Issuer for cancellation Option
Shares previously purchased by Grantee, (iii) reduce the amount of the Option
Repurchase Price or the Option Share Repurchase Price, (iv) pay cash to Issuer,
or (v) any combination thereof, so that Grantee's actually realized Total
Profit, when aggregated with the Total Issuer Fees so paid to Grantee, shall not
exceed the Limitation Amount after taking into account the foregoing actions.

     (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Option may
not be exercised for a number of Option Shares as would, as of the date of
exercise, result in a Notional Total Profit (as defined below) which, together
with the Total Issuer Fees theretofore paid to Grantee, would exceed the
Limitation Amount; provided, however, that nothing in this sentence shall
restrict any exercise of the Option permitted hereby on any subsequent date.

     (c) As used herein, the term "Total Profit" shall mean the aggregate amount
(before taxes) of the following: (i) the amount received by Grantee pursuant to
Issuer's repurchase of the Option (or any portion thereof) pursuant to Section
5.1, (ii) (x) the amount received by Grantee pursuant to Issuer's repurchase or
purchase of Option Shares pursuant to Section 5.1 or Section 5.3, as the case
may be, less
                                       B-8

(y) Grantee's purchase price for such Option Shares, and (iii) (x) the net cash
amounts or the fair market value of any property received by Grantee pursuant to
any consummated arm's-length sales of Option Shares (or any other securities
into which such Option Shares are converted or exchanged) to any unaffiliated
party, less (y) Grantee's purchase price of such Option Shares.

     (d) As used herein, the term "Notional Total Profit" with respect to any
number of Option Shares as to which Grantee may propose to exercise the Option
shall be the Total Profit determined as of the date of such proposal assuming
that the Option was exercised on such date for such number of Option Shares and
assuming that such Option Shares, together with all other Option Shares held by
Grantee and its affiliates as of such date, were sold for cash at the closing
market price (less customary brokerage commissions) for shares of Issuer Common
Stock on the preceding trading day on the NASDAQ National Market System (or on
any other nationally recognized exchange or trading system on which shares of
Issuer Common Stock are then so listed or traded).

     6.2  Further Assurances; Listing.

     (a) From time to time, at the other party's request and without further
consideration, each party hereto shall execute and deliver such additional
documents and take all such further action as may be necessary or desirable to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without
limitation, to vest in Grantee good and marketable title, free and clear of all
Liens, to any Option Shares purchased hereunder. Issuer agrees not to avoid or
seek to avoid (whether by charter amendment or through reorganization,
consolidation, merger, issuance of rights or securities, the Company Rights
Agreement or similar agreement, dissolution or sale of assets, or by any other
voluntary act) the observance or performance of any of the covenants, agreements
or conditions to be observed or performed hereunder by it.

     (b) If the Issuer Common Stock or any other securities to be acquired upon
exercise of the Option are then listed on the NYSE (or any other national
securities exchange or trading system), Issuer, upon the request of Grantee,
will promptly file an application to list the shares of Issuer Common Stock or
such other securities to be acquired upon exercise of the Option on the NYSE
(and any other national securities exchange or trading system) and will use
reasonable best efforts to obtain approval of such listing as promptly as
practicable.

     6.3  Division of Option; Lost Options. The Agreement (and the Option
granted hereby) are exchangeable, without expense, at the option of Grantee,
upon presentation and surrender of this Agreement at the principal office of
Issuer, for other agreements providing for Options of different denominations
entitling Grantee to purchase, on the same terms and subject to the same
conditions as are set forth herein, in the aggregate the same number of Option
Shares purchasable hereunder. Upon receipt by Issuer of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft or destruction or mutilation of this
Agreement, and (in the case of loss, theft or destruction) of reasonably
satisfactory indemnification, and upon surrender and cancellation of this
Agreement, if mutilated, Issuer will execute and deliver a new agreement of like
tenor and date.

     6.4  Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument
in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

     6.5  Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered
personally, or by telecopy or telefacsimile, upon confirmation of receipt, (b)
on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered by a
recognized next-day courier service, or (c) on the tenth Business Day following
the date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid. All notices hereunder

                                       B-9

shall be delivered as set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as
may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:

        (a) if to Grantee to:

            Maxim Integrated Products
            120 San Gabriel Drive
            Sunnyvale, California 94086
            Fax: (408) 331-1212
            Attention: Chief Financial Officer

            with a copy to:

            Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
            3330 Hillview Avenue
            Palo Alto, California 94304
            Fax: (650) 251-5002
            Attention: Richard Capelouto, Esq.

        (b) if to Issuer to:

            Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
            4401 South Beltwood Parkway
            Dallas, Texas 75244-3292
            Fax: (972) 371-4319
            Attention: Chao C. Mai, President

            with a copy to:

            Jenkens & Gilchrist
            1445 Ross Avenue, Suite 3200
            Dallas, Texas 75202
            Fax: (214) 855-4300
            Attention: Ronald J. Frappier, Esq.
                       Gregory J. Schmitt, Esq.

     6.6  Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to
Articles, Sections, Exhibits or Schedules, such reference shall be to an Article
or Section of or Exhibit or Schedule to this Agreement unless otherwise
indicated. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the words "include," "includes" or "including" are used in
this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without
limitation."

     6.7  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and
shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of
the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both
parties need not sign the same counterpart.

     6.8  Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

     (a) This Agreement and the other agreements of the parties referred to
herein constitute the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof.

     (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of
each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy
of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

     6.9  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts
executed and to be performed entirely within that State.
                                       B-10

     6.10  Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all
other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full
force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions
contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the
parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to
the greatest extent possible.

     6.11  Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests
or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto, in
whole or in part (whether by operation of law or otherwise), without the prior
written consent of the other party, and any attempt to make any such assignment
without such consent shall be null and void. Subject to the preceding sentence,
this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
by the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

     6.12  Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers. Each of Grantee and Issuer
irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding with respect to this
Agreement or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect hereof
brought by the other party hereto or its successors or assigns may be brought
and determined in the Chancery or other Courts of the State of Delaware, and
each of Grantee and Issuer hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any such
action or proceeding for itself and in respect to its property, generally and
unconditionally, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. Each
of Grantee and Issuer hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by
way of motion, as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or
proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not
personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts for any reason
other than the failure to lawfully serve process, (b) that it or its property is
exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process
commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to
judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or
otherwise), (c) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that (i) the
suit, action or proceeding in any such court is brought in an inconvenient
forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper, and (iii)
this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such
courts, and (d) any right to a trial by jury.

     6.13  Enforcement. The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in
the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in
accordance with their specific terms. It is accordingly agreed that the parties
shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, this being in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

     6.14  Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver; Remedies Cumulative. No failure or
delay on the part of any party hereto in the exercise of any right hereunder
will impair such right or be construed to be a waiver of, or acquiescence in,
any breach of any representation, warranty or agreement herein, nor will any
single or partial exercise of any such right preclude other or further exercise
thereof or of any other right. All rights and remedies existing under this
Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive to, and not exclusive of, any
rights or remedies otherwise available.

                                       B-11

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Grantee and Issuer have caused this Stock Option
Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

GRANTEE:                                  MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.

                                          By:           /s/ JOHN F.
                                                GIFFORD
                                            ------------------------------------
                                              Name: John F. Gifford
                                              Title: Chief Executive Officer

ISSUER:                                   DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                                          By:           /s/ CHAO C.
                                               MAI
                                            ------------------------------------
                                              Name: Chao C. Mai
                                              Title: President

                                       B-12

                                                                         ANNEX C

                                                                January 28, 2001

Board of Directors
Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
4401 South Beltwood Parkway
Dallas, TX 75244

Members of the Board:

     We understand that Dallas Semiconductor Corporation (the "Company"), Maxim
Integrated Products, Inc. ("Acquiror") and MI Acquisition, Inc. (a wholly owned
subsidiary of Acquiror, "Merger Sub") are proposing to enter into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the "Agreement") which will provide, among other things, for
the merger (the "Merger") of Merger Sub with and into the Company. Upon
consummation of the Merger, the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
Acquiror. Under the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in a draft
of the Agreement dated January 28, 2001 (the "Draft Agreement"), at the
effective time of the Merger, the outstanding shares of common stock of the
Company, par value $0.02 per share ("Company Common Stock") other than certain
shares to be canceled pursuant to the Agreement and shares held by stockholders
who properly exercise dissenters' rights ("Dissenting Shares"), will be
converted into the right to receive up to 42,000,000 shares (the "Aggregate
Parent Share Amount") of the common stock of Acquiror, par value $0.001 per
share ("Acquiror Common Stock"). The "Exchange Ratio" shall mean the decimal
equivalent (rounded to four decimal places) of the quotient obtained by dividing
the Aggregate Parent Share Amount by that amount of Company Common Stock
calculated pursuant to the Treasury Stock Method (as defined in the Draft
Agreement). The terms and conditions of the Merger are set out more fully in the
Draft Agreement.

     You have asked us whether, in our opinion, the Exchange Ratio is fair from
a financial point of view and as of the date hereof to the "Holders of Company
Common Stock". The "Holders of Company Common Stock" shall be defined as all
holders of Company Common Stock other than Acquiror, Merger Sub, any affiliates
of Acquiror or Merger Sub or any holders of Dissenting Shares.

     For purposes of this opinion we have, among other things:

          (i) reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other
     business and financial information of the Company and Acquiror,
     respectively;

          (ii) reviewed certain publicly available estimates of research
     analysts relating to the Company and Acquiror;

          (iii) held discussions with the respective managements of the Company
     and Acquiror concerning the businesses, past and current operations,
     financial condition and future prospects of both the Company and Acquiror,
     independently and combined, including discussions with the managements of
     the Company and Acquiror concerning their views regarding the strategic
     rationale for the Merger;

          (iv) reviewed the financial terms and conditions set forth in the
     Draft Agreement;

          (v) reviewed the stock price and trading history of Company Common
     Stock and Acquiror Common Stock;

          (vi) compared the financial performance of the Company and Acquiror
     and the prices and trading activity of Company Common Stock and Acquiror
     Common Stock with that of certain other publicly traded companies
     comparable with the Company and Acquiror, respectively; (vii) compared the
     financial terms of the Merger with the financial terms, to the extent
     publicly available, of other transactions that we deemed relevant;

          (viii) reviewed the pro forma impact of the Merger on Acquiror's
     earnings per share;

                                       C-1

          (ix) participated in discussions among representatives of the Company
     and Acquiror and their financial and legal advisors;

          (x) made such other studies and inquiries, and reviewed such other
     data, as we deemed relevant.

     In our review and analysis, and in arriving at our opinion, we have assumed
and relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other
information provided to us (including information furnished to us orally or
otherwise discussed with us by the managements of the Company and Acquiror) or
publicly available and have neither attempted to verify, nor assumed
responsibility for verifying, any of such information. We have relied upon the
assurances of the managements of the Company and Acquiror that they are not
aware of any facts that would make such information inaccurate or misleading.
Furthermore, we did not obtain or make, or assume any responsibility for
obtaining or making, any independent evaluation or appraisal of the properties,
assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the Company or Acquiror, nor
were we furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. With respect to the
financial forecasts and projections (and the assumptions and bases therefor) for
Acquiror and the Company (including projections with respect to operations of
the combined companies following the Merger) that we have reviewed, we have
assumed that such forecasts and projections have been reasonably prepared in
good faith on the basis of reasonable assumptions and reflect the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the managements of Acquiror and the
Company, respectively, as to the future financial condition and performance of
the Company and Acquiror, respectively, and we have further assumed that such
projections and forecasts will be realized in the amounts and in the time
periods currently estimated. We have assumed that the Merger will be consummated
upon the terms set forth in the Draft Agreement without material alteration
thereof, including, among other things, that the Merger will be accounted for as
a "pooling-of-interests" business combination in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and that the Merger will be treated as a
tax-free reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. In addition, we have assumed that the historical financial statements
of each of the Company and Acquiror reviewed by us have been prepared and fairly
presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP consistently applied.

     This opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and other
conditions as in effect on, and information made available to us as of, the date
hereof. It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect the
conclusion expressed in this opinion and that we disclaim any undertaking or
obligation to advise any person of any change in any matter affecting this
opinion which may come or be brought to our attention after the date of this
opinion. Our opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view
and as to the date hereof, to the Holders of Company Common Stock of the
Exchange Ratio. We do not express any opinion as to (i) the value of any
employee agreement or other arrangement entered into in connection with the
Merger, (ii) any tax or other consequences that might result from the Merger or
(iii) what the value of Acquiror Common Stock will be when issued to the
Company's stockholders pursuant to the Merger or the price at which the shares
of Acquiror Common Stock that are issued pursuant to the Merger may be traded in
the future. Our opinion does not address the relative merits of the Merger and
the other business strategies that the Company's Board of Directors has
considered or may be considering, nor does it address the decision of the
Company's Board of Directors to proceed with the Merger. Neither does our
opinion address any legal or accounting matters, as to which we understand that
Acquiror obtained such advice as it deemed necessary from qualified
professionals.

     We will receive a fee contingent upon the delivery of this opinion, and the
Company has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities that may arise out of
our engagement. We advised the Company regarding its initial public offering and
maintain a market in the shares of Company Common Stock and Acquiror Common
Stock. In the ordinary course of business, we may trade in the Company's
securities and Acquiror's securities for our own account and the account of our
customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in the
Company's securities or Acquiror's securities. Our opinion expressed herein is
provided for the information of the Board of Directors of the Company in
connection with its evaluation of the Merger. Our opinion is not intended to be
and does not constitute a
                                       C-2

recommendation to any stockholder of the Company as to how such stockholder
should vote, or take any other action, with respect to the Merger. This opinion
may not be summarized, described or referred to or furnished to any party except
with our express prior written consent.

     Based upon and subject to the foregoing considerations, it is our opinion
that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair to the Holders of
Company Common Stock from a financial point of view.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          ROBERTSON STEPHENS, INC.

                                             /s/ ROBERTSON STEPHENS, INC.
                                          --------------------------------------

                                       C-3

                                                                         ANNEX D

                                    FORM OF
                          AFFILIATE POOLING AGREEMENT

                                                                January 28, 2001

Maxim Integrated Systems, Inc.
120 San Gabriel
Sunnyvale, CA 94086

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned has been advised that, as of the date hereof, the
undersigned may be deemed to be an "affiliate" ("Affiliate") of Dallas
Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), as that term
is defined for purposes of paragraphs (c) and (d) of Rule 145 of the Regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act
of 1933 as amended (the "Securities Act").

     Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of that certain
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Maxim Integrated Systems, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Parent"), MI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a newly formed
Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("Merger Sub"), and
the Company, dated as of January 28, 2001 (the "Merger Agreement"), providing
for, among other things, the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the
"Merger"), the undersigned will be entitled to receive shares of common stock of
Parent or options or warrants to acquire Parent Common Stock (collectively
"Parent Common Stock") in exchange for shares of common stock of the Company or
options or warrants to acquire Company Common Stock (collectively "Company
Common Stock") owned by the undersigned at the Effective Time of the Merger as
determined pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not
defined herein are defined in the Merger Agreement and are used herein with the
same meanings ascribed to them therein.

     The undersigned understands that the Merger will be treated for financial
accounting purposes as a "pooling of interests" in accordance with GAAP, and
that the staff of the SEC has issued certain guidelines that should be followed
to ensure the application of pooling of interests accounting to the Merger.

     In consideration of the agreements contained herein, Parent's reliance on
this letter in connection with the consummation of the Merger and for other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the undersigned hereby agrees that the undersigned will not make
any sale, pledge, transfer or other disposition of, or hedge or reduce its risk
with respect to, (i) Company Common Stock during the period from the 30th day
prior to the Effective Time until the earlier of the Effective Time or the
termination of the Merger Agreement or (ii) Parent Common Stock now owned or
hereafter acquired by the undersigned, including, without limitation, Parent
Common Stock to be received by the undersigned pursuant to the Merger, until
such time as financial statements that include at least 30 days of combined
operations of the Company and Parent after the Merger will have been publicly
reported, unless the undersigned delivers to Parent, prior to any such sale,
transfer or other disposition, written advice from Ernst & Young LLP,
independent public accountants for Parent, or a written no-action letter from
the accounting staff of the SEC, in either case in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to Parent, to the effect that such sale, transfer or other
disposition will not cause the Merger not to be treated as a "pooling of
interests" for financial accounting purposes in accordance with GAAP and the
Regulations of the SEC.

     The undersigned has been advised that the offering, sale and delivery of
the shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to the Merger will have been
registered with the SEC under the Securities Act on a Registration Statement on
Form S-4. The undersigned also has been advised, however, that, because the
undersigned may be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Company at the time the
Merger is submitted for a

                                       D-1

vote of the stockholders of the Company, Parent Common Stock received by the
undersigned pursuant to the Merger can be sold by the undersigned only (i)
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii)
in conformity with the volume and other limitations of Rule 145 promulgated by
the SEC under the Securities Act or (iii) in reliance upon an exemption from
registration that is available under the Securities Act.

     The undersigned also understands that "stop transfer" instructions will be
given to the transfer agent for the Company Common Stock with respect to shares
of the Company Common Stock now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned
and that there will be placed on the certificates representing such shares of
Company Common Stock, or any substitutions therefor, a legend stating in
substance as follows:

          "These shares may be transferred only in accordance with the terms of
     an Affiliate Pooling Agreement between the original holder of such shares
     and Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., a copy of which agreement is on file
     at the principal offices of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc."

It is understood and agreed that the legend set forth above will be removed upon
surrender of certificates bearing such legend by delivery of substitute
certificates without such legend (i) if the undersigned will have delivered to
Parent the above-referenced advice of Ernst & Young LLP, or the above-referenced
no-action letter from the accounting staff of the SEC or (ii) upon the
termination of the Merger Agreement.

     The undersigned also understands that "stop transfer" instructions will be
given to the transfer agent for Parent Common Stock with respect to shares of
Parent Common Stock to be received by the undersigned pursuant to the Merger and
that there will be placed on the certificates representing such shares of Parent
Common Stock, or any substitutions therefor, a legend stating in substance as
follows:

          "These shares were issued in a transaction to which Rule 145
     promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, applies. These
     shares may be transferred only in accordance with the terms of such Rule
     and an Affiliate Pooling Agreement between the original holder of such
     shares and Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., a copy of which agreement is on
     file at the principal offices of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc."

It is understood and agreed that the legend set forth above will be removed upon
surrender of certificates bearing such legend by delivery of substitute
certificates without such legend if the undersigned will have delivered to
Parent an opinion of counsel, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
Parent, to the effect that (i) the sale or disposition of the shares represented
by the surrendered certificates may be effected without registration of the
offering, sale and delivery of such shares under the Securities Act, and (ii)
the undersigned will have delivered to Parent the above-referenced advice of
Ernst & Young LLP or the above-referenced no-action letter from the accounting
staff of the SEC.

     Parent agrees that it will not unreasonably refuse to consent to, or
unreasonably delay, the removal of the foregoing legends.

     By its execution hereof, Parent agrees that it will, as long as the
undersigned owns any Parent Common Stock to be received by the undersigned
pursuant to the Merger, take all reasonable efforts to make timely filings with
the SEC of all reports required to be filed by it pursuant to the Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and will promptly furnish upon written request of the
undersigned a written statement confirming that such reports have been so timely
filed.

               [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]

                                       D-2

     If you are in agreement with the foregoing, please so indicate by signing
below and returning a copy of this Affiliate Pooling Agreement to the
undersigned, and this Affiliate Pooling Agreement will become a binding
agreement between us as of the date first above written.

                                          Very truly yours,

                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Name

ACCEPTED by:

MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.

By:
- ----------------------------------------------------

Name:
- -------------------------------------------------

Title:
- --------------------------------------------------

                                       D-3

                                    PART II

                   INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS

ITEM 20. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

     Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL") provides
that a corporation has the power to indemnify its officers, directors, employees
and agents (or persons serving in such positions in another entity at the
request of the corporation) against the expenses, including attorneys' fees,
judgments, fines or settlement amounts actually and reasonably incurred by them
in connection with the defense of any action by reason of being or having been
directors or officers, if such person shall have acted in good faith and in a
manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation (and, with respect to any criminal action, had no reasonable cause
to believe the person's conduct was unlawful), except that, if such action shall
be by or in the right of the corporation, no such indemnification shall be
provided as to any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have
been judged to have been liable to the corporation unless and to the extent that
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or another court in which the
suit was brought, shall determine upon application that, in view of all of the
circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnity.

     The registrant's bylaws provide that it shall indemnify any person who was
or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative (including but not limited to any action or suit by or in the
right of the registrant to procure a judgement in its favor) by reason of the
fact that he is or was a director, or is or was serving at the request of the
registrant as a director of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, or other enterprise in any capacity, against expenses (including
attorneys' fees), judgments fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding,
to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The registrant's bylaws empower the
registrant to provide equivalent indemnification to any officer, employee or
agent of the registrant.

     The registrant's Certificate of Incorporation provides that no director
shall be personally liable to the registrant or its stockholders for monetary
damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL.

     Section 145 of the DGCL also provides that a corporation has the power to
purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a
director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation (or who was serving at
the request of the corporation in such position at another entity) against any
liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such
capacity, or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the
corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability
under the DGCL. All of the directors and officers of the registrant are covered
by insurance policies maintained and held in effect by the registrant against
liabilities for actions taken in such capacities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, subject to certain exclusions.

ITEM 21. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

     (a) Exhibits: See Exhibit Index.

                                       II-1

ITEM 22. UNDERTAKINGS

     (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

          (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being
     made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:

             (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the
        Securities Act of 1933;

             (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after
        the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
        post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the
        aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth
        in the registration statement;

             (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan
        of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement
        or any material change in such information in the registration
        statement.

          (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the
     Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a
     new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and
     the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the
     initial bona fide offering thereof.

          (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment
     any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
     termination of the offering.

     (b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
registrant has been advised that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling
person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or
proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in
connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in
the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.

     (c) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of
determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the
registrant's annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an
employee benefit plan's annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the
registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

     (d) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes as follows: that prior to
any public reoffering of the securities registered hereunder through use of a
prospectus which is a part of this registration statement, by any person or
party who is deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of Rule 145(c), the
issuer undertakes that such reoffering prospectus will contain the information
called for by the applicable registration form with respect to reofferings by
persons who may be deemed underwriters, in addition to the information called
for by the other items of the applicable form.

     (e) The registrant undertakes that every prospectus: (i) that is filed
pursuant to paragraph (d) immediately preceding, or (ii) that purports to meet
the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Act and is used in connection with
an offering of securities subject to Rule 415, will be filed as a part of an
amendment to the registration statement and will not be used until such
amendment is effective, and that, for purposes of determining any liability
under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective

                                       II-2

amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the
securities offering therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

     (f) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to respond to requests for
information that is incorporated by reference into the prospectus pursuant to
Item 4, 10(b), 11 or 13 of this form, within one business day of receipt of such
request, and to send the incorporated documents by first class mail or other
equally prompt means. This includes information contained in the documents filed
subsequent to the effective date of the registration statement through the date
of responding to the request.

     (g) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to supply by means of a
post-effective amendment all information concerning a transaction, and the
company being acquired involved therein, that was not the subject of and
included in the registration statement when it became effective.

                                       II-3

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, the Registrant has duly
caused this Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Sunnyvale, California
on March 6, 2001.

                                          MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS, INC.

                                                  /s/ CARL W. JASPER
                                          --------------------------------------
                                                      Carl W. Jasper
                                            Vice President and Chief Financial
                                                         Officer

                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, this Amendment No. 1 to
the Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

                  SIGNATURE                                     TITLE                       DATE
                  ---------                                     -----                       ----

                      *                         Chairman of the Board, President and    March 6, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------    Chief Executive Officer (Principal
               John F. Gifford                           Executive Officer)

             /s/ CARL W. JASPER                  Vice President and Chief Financial     March 6, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------   Officer (Principal Financial Officer)
               Carl W. Jasper

                      *                            Corporate Controller (Principal      March 6, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------            Accounting Officer)
            Sharon E. Smith-Lenox

                      *                                       Director                  March 6, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------
              James R. Bergman

                      *                                       Director                  March 6, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------
             B. Kipling Hagopian

                      *                                       Director                  March 6, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------
               Eric P. Karros

                      *                                       Director                  March 6, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------
                 A.R. Wazzan

           *By: /s/ CARL W. JASPER
   ---------------------------------------
               Carl W. Jasper
              Attorney-In-Fact

                                       II-4

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

 2.1    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 28, 2001,
        by and among Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (the
        "Company"), MI Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Dallas
        Semiconductor Corporation (included as Annex A to the proxy
        statement/prospectus incorporated as part of this
        registration statement).
 2.2    Stock Option Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2001, by and
        between Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. and Dallas
        Semiconductor Corporation (included as Annex B to the proxy
        statement/prospectus incorporated as part of this
        registration statement).
 3.1    Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's
        Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
        1995).
 3.2    Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of
        Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to
        Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
        for the period ended December 30, 2000).
 3.3    Bylaws of the Company, as amended through August 17, 2000
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company's
        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
        23, 2000).
 5.1    Opinion of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, as to the legality of
        the shares being issued(filed herewith).
 8.1    Opinion of Jenkens & Gilchrist, a Professional Corporation,
        regarding the federal income tax consequences of the
        merger(filed herewith).
10.5    Agreement dated as of July 14, 1987, amended and restated
        February 1994 between John F. Gifford and the Company
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's
        Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
        1995).
10.6    Agreement dated as of March 7, 1991 between John F. Gifford
        and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22
        of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
        ended June 30, 1991).
10.8    Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to
        Exhibit 10.34 of the Company's Registration Statement on
        Form S-1 filed with the Commission on January 19, 1988).
10.9    Asset Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and
        Tektronix, Inc., dated as of March 31, 1994, as amended,
        with certain attachments (incorporated by reference to
        Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
        filed with the Commission on June 13, 1994)(1).
10.10   Technology Transfer Agreement dated May 27, 1994 by and
        between the Company and Tektronix, Inc. (incorporated by
        reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company's Annual Report on
        Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1995)(1).
10.11   Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended (incorporated by
        reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company's Annual Report on
        Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1995).
10.12   1987 Supplemental Stock Option Plan, as amended
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company's
        Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 27,
        1998).
10.13   Supplemental Nonemployee Stock Option Plan, as amended
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company's
        Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 27,
        1998).
10.14   Amended 1987 Employee Stock Participation Plan, as amended
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company's
        Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December
        30, 2000).
10.15   1988 Nonemployee Director Stock Option Plan, as amended
        (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company's
        Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 27,
        1998).
10.16   Amended 1996 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
        to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
        10-Q for the year ended December 30, 2000).
10.18   Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of
        the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
        June 27, 1998).
21      Subsidiaries of the Company (incorporated by reference to
        Exhibit 21 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
        the year ended June 24, 2000).
23.1    Consent of Ernst & Young LLP (filed herewith).

23.2    Consent of KPMG LLP (filed herewith).
23.3    Consent of Ernst & Young LLP (filed herewith).
23.4    Consent of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett (included in Exhibit
        5.1)(filed herewith).
23.5    Consent of Jenkens & Gilchrist, a Professional Corporation
        (included in Exhibit 8.1)(filed herewith).
23.6    Consent of Robertson Stephens, Inc. (filed herewith).
24.1    Power of Attorney (previously filed).
99.1    Form of Proxy Card of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
        (filed herewith).

- -------------------------
(1) Schedules and certain attachments omitted pursuant to Item 601(b) of
    Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental
    copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the Commission.

EX-5.1

f69016a1ex5-1.txt

EXHIBIT 5.1

                                                                     EXHIBIT 5.1

                     [Simpson Thacher & Bartlett Letterhead]

                                 March 6, 2001

Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.
120 San Gabriel Drive
Sunnyvale, California  94086

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as counsel to Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), in connection with the Registration Statement on
Form S-4 (the "Registration Statement") filed by the Company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Act"), relating to the proposed issuance by the Company of up to
42,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share (the "Company
Common Stock"), upon consummation of the merger (the "Merger") contemplated by
the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 28, 2001 (the "Merger
Agreement"), among the Company, Dallas Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware
corporation ("Dallas"), and MI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and
a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the "Merger Sub"). Upon
consummation of the Merger, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Dallas and
each outstanding share of the common stock, par value $.02 per share, of Dallas
will be converted into shares of Company Common Stock (the "Shares"), all as
more fully described in the Registration Statement.

     We have examined the Registration Statement and the Merger Agreement and
the originals, or duplicates or certified or conformed copies, of such records,
agreements, instruments and other documents and have made such other and further
investigations as we have deemed relevant and necessary in connection with the
opinions expressed herein. As to questions of fact material to this opinion, we
have relied upon certificates of public officials and of officers and
representatives of the Company.

     In such examination, we have assumed the genuineness of all signatures, the
legal capacity of natural persons, the authenticity of all documents submitted
to us as originals, the conformity to original documents of all documents
submitted to us as duplicates or certified or conformed copies, and the
authenticity of the originals of such latter documents.

     Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the qualifications and limitations
stated herein, we are of the opinion that the Shares have been duly authorized
and, when the Shares have been issued in accordance with the terms of the Merger
Agreement, the Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

     We are members of the Bar of the State of New York and we do not express
any opinion herein concerning any law other than the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

     We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as Exhibit 5 to the
Registration Statement and to the use of our name under the caption "Legal And
Tax Matters" in the Prospectus included in the Registration Statement.

                                        Very truly yours,

                                        SIMPSON THACHER & BARTLETT

EX-8.1

f69016a1ex8-1.txt

EXHIBIT 8.1

                                                                     EXHIBIT 8.1

                        [Jenkens & Gilchrist Letterhead]

                                  March 6, 2001

Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
4401 South Beltwood Parkway
Dallas, Texas 75244

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     We have acted as counsel to Dallas Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), in connection with the merger (the "Merger") of MI
Acquisition Sub, Inc. ("Merger Sub"), a transitory and wholly-owned subsidiary
of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), with and
into the Company with the Company surviving, pursuant to the terms of that
certain Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of January 28, 2001, by
and between Parent, Company and Merger Sub (the "Merger Agreement"), as
described in more detail in the Merger Agreement and in the Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (Commission File No. 333-56126) filed by Parent with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, as amended (the "Registration Statement").
Pursuant to the requirements of Item 21 of Form S-4 under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended and Section 6.1(f) of the Merger Agreement, you have asked us
to render certain opinions with respect to the federal income tax treatment of
the Merger under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").
Except as otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used herein shall have the
meanings assigned to them in the Registration Statement.

     Set forth below are our opinions, together with the representations,
assumptions and documents upon which we have relied in rendering our opinions.

     A.   Documents Reviewed

     In connection with the opinions rendered below, we have reviewed and relied
upon the following documents:

          1.   the Merger Agreement,

          2.   the Registration Statement,

                              Jenkens & Gilchrist
                           A PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION

March 6, 2001
Page 2

          3.   The Certificates of Parent and the Company attached hereto as
Exhibits "A" and "B", respectively (collectively, the "Certificates"), and

          4. such other documents as we have deemed necessary or appropriate for
purposes of this opinion.

     B.   Representations

     In connection with the opinions rendered below, we have reviewed and relied
upon the factual representations set forth in the Certificates of Parent and the
Company attached hereto as Exhibits "A" and "B", respectively (collectively, the
"Certificates").

     C.   Assumptions

     In connection with the opinions rendered below, we have assumed:

          1.   that all signatures on all documents submitted to us are genuine,
that all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic, that all
documents submitted to us as copies are accurate, that all information submitted
to us is accurate and complete, and that all persons executing and delivering
originals or copies of documents examined by us are competent to execute and
deliver such documents;

          2.   that the Merger and the other transactions specified in the
Merger Agreement will be effected on or prior to the Closing Date and will be
consummated as contemplated in the Merger Agreement, without waiver of any
material provision thereof; and

          3.   the Certificates that will be executed in the form attached
hereto as Exhibits "A" and "B", and will be true and accurate in all material
respects as of the date hereof and as of the Effective Time of the Merger.

     D.   Opinions

     Based solely upon the documents, assumptions and factual representations
set forth in the Certificates, it is our opinion that:

          1.  the Merger will be a reorganization within the meaning of section
368(a) of the Code; and

          2.  the descriptions of the law and the legal conclusions contained
in the Registration Statement under the caption "The Merger -- Material United
States Federal Income Tax Consequences," are correct in all material respects
and that the discussion thereunder

                              Jenkens & Gilchrist
                           A PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION

March 6, 2001
Page 3

represents an accurate summary of the United States federal income tax
consequences of the Merger.

     E.   Limitations

          1.   Except as otherwise indicated, the opinions contained in this
letter are based upon the Code and its legislative history, the Treasury
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Regulations"), judicial decisions, and
current administrative rulings and practices of the Internal Revenue Service,
all as in effect on the date of this letter. These authorities may be amended or
revoked at any time. Any such changes may or may not be retroactive with respect
to transactions entered into or contemplated prior to the effective date thereof
and could significantly alter the conclusions reached in this letter. There is
no assurance that legislative, judicial, or administrative changes will not
occur in the future. We assume no obligation to update or modify this letter to
reflect any developments that may occur after the date of this letter.

          2.   The opinions expressed herein represent counsel's best legal
judgment and are not binding upon the Internal Revenue Service or the courts and
are dependent upon the accuracy and completeness of the documents we have
reviewed under the circumstances, the assumptions made and the factual
representations contained in the Certificates. To the extent that any of the
factual representations provided to us in the Certificates are with respect to
matters set forth in the Code or the Regulations, we have reviewed with the
individuals making such factual representations the relevant portions of the
Code and the applicable Regulations and are reasonably satisfied that such
individuals understand such provisions and are capable of making such factual
representations. We have made no independent investigation of the facts
contained in the documents and assumptions set forth above or the factual
representations set forth in the Certificates. No facts have come to our
attention, however, that would cause us to question the accuracy and
completeness of such facts or documents in a material way. However, this opinion
is being delivered prior to the Effective Time of the Merger and, as such, it
must be considered prospective and dependent on future events. Any material
inaccuracy or incompleteness in these documents, assumptions or factual
representations (whether made by either Parent or the Company) could adversely
affect the opinions stated herein.

          3.   No opinion is expressed as to any federal income tax consequence
of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
except as specifically set forth herein, and this opinion may not be relied upon
except with respect to the consequences specifically discussed herein. This
opinion does not address the various state, local or foreign tax consequences
that may result from the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement.

                              Jenkens & Gilchrist
                           A PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION

March 6, 2001
Page 4

          4.   This opinion letter is issued to you solely for use in connection
with the Registration Statement and no other person or entity may rely hereon
without our express written consent. This opinion letter may be filed as an
exhibit to the Registration Statement. Furthermore, we consent to the reference
to Jenkens & Gilchrist, a Professional Corporation, under the captions "The
Merger - Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences" and "Legal and
Tax Matters." In giving this consent, we do not thereby admit that we are within
the category of persons whose consent is required under section 7 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the
Commission promulgated thereunder.

                                      Very truly yours,

                                      JENKENS & GILCHRIST,
                                      a Professional Corporation

                                      By: /s/ William P. Bowers
                                         ---------------------------------------
                                         William P. Bowers, Authorized Signatory

EX-23.1

f69016a1ex23-1.txt

EXHIBIT 23.1

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.1

               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

We consent to the reference to our firm under the captions "Selected Historical
Consolidated Financial Data of Maxim and Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Combined
Financial Data of Maxim and Dallas Semiconductor" and "Experts" included in the
Proxy Statement of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation that is made a part of
Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-56126) of Maxim
Integrated Products, Inc. for the registration of 42,000,000 shares of its
common stock and to the incorporation by reference therein of our report dated
August 8, 2000, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Maxim
Integrated Products, Inc. incorporated by reference in its Annual Report (Form
10-K) for the year ended June 24, 2000 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and included in its 2000 Annual Report to Stockholders.

                                        /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Jose, California
March 5, 2001

EX-23.2

f69016a1ex23-2.txt

EXHIBIT 23.2

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.2

         CONSENT OF KPMG LLP, INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

The Board of Directors
Dallas Semiconductor Corporation:

     We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement
on Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4 of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. of our report
dated January 12, 2001 except for Note 7 which is as of January 28, 2001, with
respect to the consolidated balance sheet of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation as
of December 31, 2000, and the related consolidated statements of income,
stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year then ended, which report
appears in the December 31, 2000 annual report on Form 10-K of Dallas
Semiconductor Corporation, and to the references to our firm under the headings
"Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Dallas Semiconductor" and
"Experts" in the prospectus.

                                          /s/ KPMG LLP

Dallas, Texas

March 5, 2001

EX-23.3

f69016a1ex23-3.txt

EXHIBIT 23.3

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.3

               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

We consent to the reference to our firm under the captions "Selected Historical
Condensed Consolidated Financial Data of Dallas Semiconductor" and "Experts"
included in the Proxy Statement of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation that is made
a part of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-56126)
of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. for the registration of 42,000,000 shares of
its common stock and to the incorporation by reference therein of our report
dated January 13, 2000, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
Dallas Semiconductor Corporation included in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for
the year ended December 31, 2000 filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

                                        /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Dallas, Texas
March 5, 2001

EX-23.6

f69016a1ex23-6.txt

EXHIBIT 23.6

                                                                    EXHIBIT 23.6

                       CONSENT OF ROBERTSON STEPHENS, INC.

          We hereby consent to the inclusion of and reference to our opinion
dated January 28, 2001 to the Board of Directors of Dallas Semiconductor
Corporation ("Dallas") in the Registration Statement on Form S-4, and amendment
No. 1, (the "Registration Statement") of Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.
("Maxim"), covering common stock of Maxim to be issued in connection with the
proposed business combination involving Dallas and Maxim. In giving the
foregoing consent, we do not admit that we come within the category of persons
whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), or the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, nor do we admit that we are experts with respect to any part of the
Registration Statement within the meaning of the term "experts" as used in the
Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                                     /s/ Robertson Stephens, Inc.
                                     San Francisco, California
                                     March 5, 2001

EX-99.1

f69016a1ex99-1.txt

EXHIBIT 99.1

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1

                               FORM OF PROXY CARD

                     [DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION LOGO]

                                 SPECIAL MEETING
                           April 11, 2001 - 8:30 a.m.
                           4401 South Beltwood Parkway
                            Dallas, Texas 75244-3292
               PROXY SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
               FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD
                                 April 11, 2001

The undersigned stockholder hereby appoints Chao C. Mai and Alan P. Hale, or
either of them, as Proxies, each with the power to appoint his substitute, and
hereby authorizes any of them to represent and to vote, as provided on the
reverse side hereof, all of the common stock of Dallas Semiconductor Corporation
which the undersigned, as of February 26, 2001, the Record Date for the Special
Meeting, is entitled to vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders to be held
on April 11, 2001 or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

             IMPORTANT--THIS PROXY IS CONTINUED ON THE REVERSE SIDE.
           PLEASE SIGN AND DATE ON THE REVERSE SIDE AND RETURN TODAY.
                            - FOLD AND DETACH HERE -
             THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED AND TIMELY RETURNED,
                   WILL BE VOTED IN THE MANNER DIRECTED HEREIN
                               BY THE STOCKHOLDER.
                IF NO DIRECTION IS MADE, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED
                              "FOR" ITEMS 1 AND 2.

                        DALLAS SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION
                  PLEASE MARK VOTE IN OVAL USING DARK INK ONLY.

         THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" EACH ITEM BELOW.

                                                                             FOR      AGAINST    ABSTAIN

1.       Approval and adoption of Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as     [ ]        [ ]        [ ]
of January 28, 2001, by and among Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., MI
Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Dallas Semiconductor Corporation, pursuant to
which MI Acquisition Sub will merge with and into Dallas Semiconductor,
and MI Acquisition Sub will cease to exist and Dallas Semiconductor will
become a wholly owned subsidiary of Maxim (the "Merger"), and to approve
the Merger.
                                                                             FOR      AGAINST    ABSTAIN
2.       To consider and vote on any other business properly brought         [ ]        [ ]        [ ]
before the meeting.

                                        In their discretion, the Proxies are
                                        authorized to vote upon such other
                                        business as may come before the meeting.

                                        Date: ____________________________, 2001

                                        Signature(s)

                                        Signature(s)

                                        PLEASE SIGN EXACTLY AS NAME APPEARS
                                        HEREON. JOINT OWNERS SHOULD EACH SIGN.
                                        WHEN SIGNING AS AN EXECUTOR, CORPORATE
                                        OFFICER OR IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE
                                        CAPACITY, PLEASE GIVE FULL TITLE AS
                                        SUCH.

                            - FOLD AND DETACH HERE -
                             YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT!
                 THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR"
                                 ITEMS 1 AND 2.
             PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ABOVE PROXY CARD TODAY
            USING THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED, WHETHER OR NOT
                    YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING.

-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----