URL: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1135971/000092838501501015/0000928385-01-501015.txt

-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 EX6FmaifUOBa3jX9T3MICedV8nDPo+inqldIPWR6bAbFiOslU+E3a4mVkmZrBGqj
 9BwFNQ9j01f/5qgSpWyq8A==

0000928385-01-501015.txt : 20010531

0000928385-01-501015.hdr.sgml : 20010531
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000928385-01-501015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	S-4/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
FILED AS OF DATE:		20010530

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW RC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001135971
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		S-4/A
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-57042
		FILM NUMBER:		1650890

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O PEPCO INC
		STREET 2:		1900 PENNSYLVANIA AVE NW RM841
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20068

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O PEPCO INC
		STREET 2:		1900 PENNSYLVANIA AVE NW RM841
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20068

S-4/A

ds4a.txt

AMENDMENT NO. 3

   As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2001
                                                      Registration No. 333-57042
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                ---------------

                     PRE-EFFECTIVE AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO
                                    FORM S-4
                             REGISTRATION STATEMENT
                                     UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

                                ---------------
                                  New RC, Inc.
           (Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter)

           Delaware                                  4931                          52-2297449
 (State or other jurisdiction            (Primary Standard Industrial          (I.R.S. employer
  of incorporation or organization)      Classification Code Number)          identification number)

                                ---------------
                          1900 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
                             Washington, D.C. 20068
                                 (202) 872-2000
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
                   registrant's principal executive offices)

                                ---------------
                                Dennis R. Wraase
                                   President
                                  New RC, Inc.
                          1900 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.
                             Washington, D.C. 20068
                                 (202) 872-2000
 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
                             of agent for service)

                                ---------------

                                        With Copies to:
      William S. Lamb, Esq.        William T. Torgerson, Esq.         James M. Cotter, Esq.
 LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae
             L.L.P.              Potomac Electric Power Company      Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
      125 West 55th Street        1900 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.          425 Lexington Avenue
     New York, NY 10019-5389         Washington, D.C. 20068           New York, NY 10017-3954
         (212) 424-8000                  (202) 872-2000                    (212) 455-2000

                                      Peter F. Clark, Esq.
                                            Conectiv
                                        800 King Street
                                      Wilmington, DE 19801
                                         (302) 429-3018

                                ---------------
   Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as
practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. The
issuance of securities shall occur when all other conditions to the
consummation of the transaction described in the Joint Proxy
Statement/Prospectus have been satisfied or waived.

                                ---------------
   If the securities being registered on this form are being offered in
connection with the formation of a holding company and there is compliance with
General Instruction G, check the following box.  [_]

   If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering.  [_]

   If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering.  [_]

                                ---------------
                        CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                          Proposed
                                           Proposed       Maximum
 Title of Each Class of     Amount         Maximum       Aggregate     Amount of
    Securities to be         to be      Offering Price Offering Price Registration
       Registered        Registered (1)    Per Unit          (2)         Fee(2)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock, par value
 $.01 per share........   170,000,000       $22.58     $3,838,600,000 $959,650(3)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) The maximum number of shares of New RC, Inc., par value $.01 per share, to
    be registered is based on the maximum number of shares to be issued
    (170,000,000 shares) in connection with the transactions described in this
    joint proxy statement/prospectus.
(2) Pursuant to Rule 457(f)(1) and 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, and
    solely for purposes of calculating the offering price and the registration
    fee, the registration fee was based on the product of (x) $22.58, the
    average of the high and low sale prices for shares of Pepco common stock on
    the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape on March 9, 2001, which will be
    exchanged on a one for one basis for shares of New RC, Inc. common stock,
    and (y) the maximum number of shares of New RC, Inc. common stock to be
    issued in connection with the transactions described in this joint proxy
    statement/prospectus.
(3) Previously Paid.

                                ---------------
   This registration statement is hereby amended on such date or dates as may
be necessary to delay its effectiveness until the registrant will file a
further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement
will thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the
Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement will become
effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting
pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Pepco Logo Appears Here]                                      [Conectiv Logo
                                                               Appears Here]

Dear Potomac Electric Power Company and Conectiv Stockholders:

   The boards of directors of Potomac Electric Power Company and Conectiv have
approved a transaction that will create a new holding company, currently named
New RC, Inc., to hold what today are their independent businesses.

   In the transaction, holders of Pepco common stock will receive one share of
New RC common stock for each share of Pepco common stock that they own. Pepco's
preferred stock will not be exchanged in the transaction, and will remain
outstanding. Holders of Conectiv common stock will receive consideration in the
amount of $25.00 for each share of Conectiv common stock and $21.69 for each
share of Conectiv Class A common stock that they own, in either cash or New RC
common stock, depending on their election and on allocation and proration
procedures specified in the merger agreement, so that the Conectiv stockholders
as a group receive 50% cash and 50% New RC common stock as consideration for
their Conectiv stock. As more fully described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the actual amount of consideration paid to Conectiv
stockholders will be adjusted depending on the market price of Pepco common
stock shortly before the transaction closes, and may be more or less than
$25.00 for the Conectiv common stock (more or less than $21.69 for the Conectiv
Class A common stock).

   We estimate that Pepco common stockholders will own approximately 67% and
Conectiv stockholders will own approximately 33% of the 140 million to 170
million shares of New RC common stock currently estimated to be outstanding
immediately after the transaction. New RC common stock will be listed on the
New York Stock Exchange.

   Pepco and Conectiv will each hold a meeting for our stockholders to vote on
approval of the merger agreement between the parties, which provides for the
transaction, and on the Long-Term Incentive Plan that New RC intends to put in
place following the closing of the transaction. At their respective meetings,
Pepco common stockholders will be asked to elect five directors and Conectiv
stockholders will be asked to elect three directors.

   Whether or not you plan to attend your meeting, please take the time to vote
by following the instructions on your proxy card.

   Only stockholders of record of Pepco at the close of business on May 29,
2001 and stockholders of record of Conectiv at the close of business on May 29,
2001 are entitled to attend or vote at the respective meetings. The dates,
times and places of the meetings are:

     For Pepco stockholders:                    For Conectiv stockholders:
     July 18, 2001 at 10:00 a.m.                July 17, 2001 at 11:00 a.m.
     The Inn and Conference Center              The Baby Grand Theatre
     University of Maryland University College  The Edith and Alexander Giacco Building
     3501 University Boulevard East             818 N. Market Street
     Adelphi, Maryland                          Wilmington, Delaware

                               ----------------

   Please see the section entitled "Risk Factors Relating To The Transaction"
for a discussion of potential risks involved in the transaction, beginning on
page 21.

          John M. Derrick, Jr.                           Howard Cosgrove
         Chairman of the Board                        Chairman of the Board
      and Chief Executive Officer                  and Chief Executive Officer
     Potomac Electric Power Company                         Conectiv

Each vote is important. Please vote by completing, signing, dating and
returning your proxy or, if applicable, by granting a proxy by telephone or
through the Internet.

   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
regulator has approved or disapproved this document or the securities to be
issued in connection with the transaction or determined if this document is
accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

                               ----------------

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated May 30, 2001 and it is first
being mailed on or about June 1, 2001.

   This document is the joint proxy statement of Pepco and Conectiv for their
stockholder meetings and the prospectus of New RC, Inc. for the common stock to
be issued in the transaction. This document gives you detailed information
about the proposed transaction. This joint proxy statement/prospectus
incorporates by reference to other documents important business and financial
information about Pepco, Conectiv and New RC that is not included in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. This information is available to Pepco and Conectiv
stockholders without charge. See "Where You Can Find More Information" for
additional information about the companies on file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. You may also request these documents from the respective
companies.

   To obtain timely delivery, Pepco stockholders must request this information
by July 11, 2001 and Conectiv stockholders must request this information by
July 10, 2001. You may obtain these documents without charge by writing or
calling Pepco or Conectiv at the following addresses and telephone numbers:

     Potomac Electric Power Company                   Conectiv
          Ellen Sheriff Rogers                     Peter F. Clark
       Associate General Counsel,         Vice President, General Counsel
   Secretary and Assistant Treasurer               and Secretary
     1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.               800 King Street
         Washington, D.C. 20068                 Wilmington, DE 19801
        Telephone:(202)872-2900               Telephone:(302)429-3018

                           [Pepco Logo Appears Here]

                         Potomac Electric Power Company
                         1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
                             Washington, D.C. 20068

                Notice of Annual Meeting of Common Stockholders
                                      and
              Notice of Special Meeting of Preferred Stockholders

                                                               May 30, 2001

   NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the annual meeting of common stockholders of
Pepco, and a special meeting of preferred stockholders of Pepco, will be held
at 10:00 a.m., local time, on July 18, 2001, at The Inn and Conference Center,
University of Maryland University College, 3501 University Boulevard East,
Adelphi, Maryland. This information is furnished by the Board of Directors of
Pepco (which we refer to as the Pepco Board) in connection with its
solicitation of proxies to vote on the matters being submitted to a vote at the
meetings. The Notice of Annual Meeting and Special Meeting, the joint proxy
statement/prospectus and a proxy card are being first mailed to Pepco
stockholders of record on or about June 1, 2001. The purposes of the Pepco
meetings are:

  1.   To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan
       of Merger dated as of February 9, 2001 by and among Pepco, New RC,
       Inc., a Delaware corporation and Conectiv, a Delaware corporation, as
       described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus;

  2.   To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the New RC, Inc. Long-
       Term Incentive Plan, as described in the accompanying joint proxy
       statement/prospectus;

  3.   To elect to the Pepco Board three directors to serve for three years,
       one director to serve for two years and one director to serve for one
       year;

  4.   To consider and take action with respect to a stockholder proposal
       relating to the election of directors, if such proposal is brought
       before the meeting; and

  5.   To transact such other business as may properly be brought before the
       meeting.

   The holders of Pepco common stock and Pepco preferred stock of record at the
close of business on May 29, 2001, will be entitled to vote on Item 1 above.
The holders of record of Pepco common stock will also be entitled to vote on
Items 2, 3, 4 and 5. The holders of Pepco common stock and Pepco preferred
stock have dissenters' rights under District of Columbia and Virginia law with
respect to the transaction that is the subject of Item No. 1.

                                          By order of the Board of Directors,
                                          Ellen Sheriff Rogers
                                          Secretary

                               ----------------

                                   IMPORTANT

   You are cordially invited to attend the meeting in person.

   Even if you plan to be present, you are urged to sign, date and mail the
enclosed proxy promptly.

   If you attend the meeting, you may vote either in person or by your proxy.

   Please do not send your common stock certificates with your proxy at this
time. You will receive instructions for exchanging your common stock
certificates at a later time.

                           PLEASE DATE AND SIGN YOUR
                             PROXY AND RETURN IT IN
                             THE ENVELOPE PROVIDED

                         THANK YOU FOR ACTING PROMPTLY

                          [Conectiv Logo Appears Here]

                                    Conectiv
                                800 King Street
                              Wilmington, DE 19801

                    Notice Of Annual Meeting Of Stockholders

   The Annual Meeting of holders of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock of
Conectiv will be held:

    Date:  July 17, 2001

    Time:  11:00 a.m. (E.D.T.)

    Place: The Baby Grand Theatre, The Edith and Alexander Giacco Building
           (located next door to the Grand Opera House), 818 N. Market
           Street, Wilmington, Delaware.

   At the meeting, Stockholders will be asked to:

  1. Consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of
     Merger, dated as of February 9, 2001, among Potomac Electric Power
     Company, New RC, Inc., and Conectiv, as described in the accompanying
     joint proxy statement/prospectus;

  2. Consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the New RC Long-Term
     Incentive Plan, as described in the accompanying joint proxy
     statement/prospectus;

  3. Elect three members of the Board of Directors in Class III; and

  4. Vote on any other matters properly brought before the meeting.

   Who Can Vote? The holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A
common stock will be entitled to vote as a single class on all of the items
above.

   How To Vote. Your vote is important. If your shares are registered in your
own name, please vote your shares using any one of these options:

  1. Granting a proxy using the telephone (see the instructions on the proxy
     card), or

  2. Granting a proxy through the Internet, at
     http://proxy.shareholder.com/civ, entering your control number and
     following the instructions provided, or

  3. Marking your selections; signing, dating and returning the enclosed
     proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided, or

  4. Attending the meeting and voting in person (even if you plan to attend
     the meeting, you are encouraged to grant a proxy through one of the
     options described above to speed the counting and reporting of votes at
     the meeting).

   Shares Held in Street Name. If shares you own are held through a broker or
bank, please follow their instructions about how to vote those shares.

   Record Date. The Board of Directors of Conectiv set the close of business on
May 29, 2001, as the time to determine the Stockholders entitled to vote their
shares at this Annual Meeting.

   Dissenters' Rights. The holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class
A common stock have dissenters' appraisal rights under Delaware law, as more
fully described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, with
respect to the transaction contemplated in Item 1 above.

                                          Yours very truly,

                                          _____________________________________
                                          Peter F. Clark
                                          Vice President, General Counsel and
                                          Secretary

May 30, 2001

   Please date and sign your proxy and return it in the envelope provided.

                      Thank you for acting promptly.

                               

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE TRANSACTION AND THE MEETINGS..............   1
SUMMARY...................................................................   5
CORPORATE STRUCTURE.......................................................  13
MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS DECLARED......................................  14
SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION.................................  15
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION.........................................  17
UNAUDITED SELECTED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION...............  20
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION..................................  21
A CAUTION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS................................  23
THE PEPCO MEETING.........................................................  24
  Date and Purpose of the Annual and Special Meetings.....................  24
  Record Date for the Pepco Meeting and Who is Entitled to Vote at the
   Pepco Meeting..........................................................  24
  Voting by Proxy and How to Revoke Your Proxy............................  26
  Solicitation of Proxies.................................................  27
THE CONECTIV ANNUAL MEETING...............................................  28
  Date and Purpose of Annual Meeting......................................  28
  Record Date for the Conectiv Meeting and Who is Entitled to Vote at the
   Conectiv Meeting.......................................................  28
  Voting by Proxy and How to Revoke Your Proxy............................  29
  Solicitation of Proxies.................................................  30
THE TRANSACTION...........................................................  31
  General.................................................................  31
  What Stockholders will Receive..........................................  31
  How the Merger Consideration for the Conectiv Class A Common Stock Was
   Determined.............................................................  33
  Illustrations of Exchange Ratio Application, Value to Be Received and
   Allocation Rules.......................................................  33
  Conectiv "Walk-Away" Right and Pepco "Top-Up" Right.....................  39
  Background of the Transaction...........................................  40
  Pepco Reasons for the Transaction.......................................  45
  Recommendation of the Pepco Board.......................................  46
  Opinion of the Financial Advisor to Pepco...............................  47
  Conectiv Reasons for the Transaction....................................  54
  Recommendation of the Conectiv Board....................................  55
  Opinion of the Financial Advisor to Conectiv............................  57
  Dissenters' Appraisal Rights............................................  64
  Accounting Treatment of the Transaction.................................  66
  Restrictions on Resales by Pepco and Conectiv Affiliates................  67
  Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences...........................  67
  Interests of Certain Persons in the Transaction.........................  70
  Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Transaction...............  74
THE MERGER AGREEMENT......................................................  77
  Effects of the Transaction..............................................  77
  Procedure for Stockholder Elections.....................................  77
  Limits on Cash and Stock Consideration and Allocation Rules.............  78
  Exchange of Stock Certificates and Payment of Cash......................  79
  Representations and Warranties of Pepco and Conectiv....................  81
  Covenants Relating to the Conduct of Business Before the Effective
   Time...................................................................  82
  Acquisition Proposals...................................................  84
  Stock Options...........................................................  85
  Employment Related Obligations; Employee Benefits.......................  85

                                       i

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

  Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance...................  86
  Additional Agreements....................................................  86
  Conditions to the Transaction............................................  87
  Termination..............................................................  88
  Amendment and Waiver.....................................................  90
APPROVAL OF THE NEW RC LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN............................  91
  Description of the Plan..................................................  91
  Eligible Participants....................................................  91
  Limitations on Performance-Based Awards to Certain Executives............  93
  Consequences of a Change in Control of New RC............................  94
  Tax Withholding..........................................................  94
  Amendment or Termination of the Plan.....................................  94
  Federal Income Tax Consequences..........................................  95
  New Plan Benefits........................................................  96
  Vote Required............................................................  96
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS..........................  97
CONECTIV RECLASSIFYING CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS................... 107
NEW RC, INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.......................................... 111
ACQUISITION FINANCING...................................................... 114
INFORMATION ABOUT PEPCO.................................................... 114
INFORMATION ABOUT CONECTIV................................................. 116
NEW RC FOLLOWING THE TRANSACTION........................................... 118
  Management of New RC..................................................... 118
  Operations and Headquarters of New RC.................................... 118
  Operations of Pepco...................................................... 118
  Operations of Conectiv................................................... 118
  Dividends................................................................ 118
DESCRIPTION OF NEW RC CAPITAL STOCK........................................ 119
  New RC's Capitalization.................................................. 119
  New RC Preferred Stock................................................... 119
  New RC Common Stock...................................................... 119
COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS......................................... 120
  Controlling Law and Documents............................................ 120
  Authorized Capital....................................................... 120
  Stockholder Action Without a Meeting..................................... 120
  Stockholder Inspection Rights............................................ 121
  Required Stockholder Votes for Certain Reorganizations................... 121
  Anti-Takeover Laws and Provisions........................................ 122
  Stockholder Rights Plan.................................................. 123
  Dissenters' Appraisal Rights............................................. 123
  Size, Classification and Terms of Board of Directors..................... 124
  Director and Officer Liability; Indemnification.......................... 124
  Election of Directors.................................................... 125
  Removal of Directors..................................................... 126
  Vacancies on the Board and Newly Created Directorships................... 126
  Loans to Directors and Officers.......................................... 127
  Dividend and Distribution Rights......................................... 127
  Calling Special Stockholder Meetings..................................... 128
  Stockholder Proposal and Nomination Procedures........................... 128
  Amendment of Articles.................................................... 128
  Amendment of Bylaws...................................................... 129

                                       ii

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

INFORMATION ABOUT THE PEPCO ANNUAL MEETING................................. 131
  Election of Directors.................................................... 131
  Shareholder Proposal..................................................... 147
INFORMATION ABOUT THE CONECTIV ANNUAL MEETING.............................. 148
  Election of Directors.................................................... 148
OTHER MATTERS.............................................................. 165
  Stockholder Proposals.................................................... 165
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION........................................ 166
WHAT INFORMATION YOU SHOULD RELY ON........................................ 168
EXPERTS.................................................................... 168
INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS.................................................... 168
LEGAL MATTERS.............................................................. 168

 Annex A Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 9, 2001 among
         Potomac
         Electric Power Company, New RC, Inc. and Conectiv
         Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of New RC,
 Annex B Inc.
 Annex C Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of New RC, Inc.
 Annex D Opinion of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
 Annex E Opinion of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation
 Annex F Dissenters' Rights provisions of District of Columbia law
 Annex G Dissenters' Rights provisions of Virginia law
 Annex H Dissenters' Rights provisions of Delaware law
 Annex I New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan
 Annex J Pepco Audit Committee Charter
 Annex K Conectiv Audit Committee Charter

                                      iii

         QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE TRANSACTION AND THE MEETINGS

                                     Pepco

Q: What are Pepco stockholders being asked to vote on?

A: Pepco's common stockholders are being asked to vote on the merger agreement
   among Pepco, Conectiv and New RC; the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan; the
   election to the Pepco Board of three directors for three-year terms, one
   director for a two-year term and one director for a one-year term and a
   stockholder proposal relating to the election of directors.

   Pepco's preferred stockholders are being asked to vote on the merger
   agreement between Pepco, Conectiv and New RC.

Q: How does the Pepco Board recommend I vote on the proposals?

A: The Pepco Board recommends that you vote "FOR" each proposal other than the
   stockholder proposal relating to the election of directors, on which you
   are recommended to vote "AGAINST."

Q: How do I vote?

A: Pepco stockholders may vote in person at the meeting or by returning a
   completed proxy card(s) in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. Your signed
   proxy card(s) will be voted in accordance with your instructions on your
   proxy card(s), or if you return your signed proxy card(s) but do not mark
   the boxes showing how you wish to vote, your shares will be voted "FOR"
   each proposal other than the stockholder proposal and "AGAINST" the
   stockholder proposal. If your shares are held in the name of a bank or
   broker, you will be able to grant voting instructions by telephone or on
   the Internet by following the directions on the proxy form you receive from
   your bank or broker.

Q: What shares are included on the enclosed proxy card for Pepco?

A: The number of shares indicated on the enclosed white proxy card consists of
   the number of shares of Pepco common stock that, as of the close of
   business on May 29, 2001, you held of record and, if you are a participant
   in the Potomac Electric Power Company Dividend Reinvestment Plan, the
   number of shares held for your account under that plan. The number of
   shares indicated on the enclosed manila proxy card consists of the total
   number of shares of preferred stock that, as of the Pepco Record Date, you
   held of record in all series of preferred stock. If you do not execute and
   return the proxy card(s), your shares will not be voted unless you attend
   the meeting and vote in person.

Q: What does it mean if I get more than one proxy card for the Pepco meeting?

A: You will receive one proxy card for each way in which your common and/or
   preferred shares are registered. If you receive more than one proxy card
   (other than because you both hold shares of record and are a participant in
   Pepco's 401(k) savings plan), it is because your shares are registered in
   different names or with different addresses or are held in different
   accounts. Please sign and return each proxy card that you receive to ensure
   that all your shares are voted. To enable us to provide better stockholder
   service, we encourage stockholders to have all their shares registered in
   the same name with the same address.

Q: How is stock in Pepco's 401(k) plan for employees voted?

A: If you are an employee or former employee of Pepco who is a participant in
   Pepco's 401(k) savings plan, you will receive a proxy card indicating the
   number of shares held for your account under the savings plan. If you do
   not vote these shares, Fidelity Management Trust Company, the trustee for
   the plan, will vote the shares in your account in proportion to the vote of
   all of the 401(k) participants who vote their shares.

Q: Can I change my vote after I have returned my proxy card?

A: You may revoke your proxy by sending a written statement to that effect to
   the Corporate

   Secretary of Pepco before your proxy is voted; submitting a properly signed
   proxy with a later date; or by voting in person at the Pepco meeting.

Q: My shares of Pepco stock are held in "street name." Will my broker vote my
   shares at the Pepco meeting?

A: Under NYSE rules, a broker is permitted to vote your shares on the merger
   agreement and on the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan only if you provide the
   broker with instructions on how to vote.

   On the other hand, a broker is permitted to vote your shares on the election
   of directors and the stockholder proposal whether or not you provide voting
   instructions to the broker. You should follow the directions provided by
   your broker(s) regarding how to provide voting instructions for your shares
   held in street name.

Q: Should I send in my Pepco common stock certificates now?

A: No. All common stockholders of Pepco will receive instructions at a later
   time as to how and when to send in their stock certificates.

Q: How can I get more information about Pepco?

A: Additional information about Pepco is contained in Pepco's 2000 Annual
   Report, which was mailed to you prior to, or at the same time as, this proxy
   solicitation. Please also see "Where You Can Find More Information" on page
   166 for additional sources of information on Pepco.

Q: Who can help answer my questions?

A: If you are a Pepco stockholder and have any questions about the transaction
   or if you need additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or
   the enclosed proxy, you should contact:

   Innisfree M&A Incorporated, who is assisting in the solicitation of proxies,
   toll free at 877-750-9498. You may also contact:

   Ernest Bourscheid
   Manager, Investor Relations
   Pepco
   1900 Pennsylvania Ave., NW
   Washington, DC 20068
   202-872-2797

                                    Conectiv

Q: What are Conectiv stockholders being asked to vote on?

A: Holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock are being
   asked to vote on the following proposals: the merger agreement among Pepco,
   Conectiv and New RC; the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan; and the election
   to the Conectiv Board of three directors for three-year terms.

Q: How does the Conectiv Board recommend I vote on the proposals?

A: The Conectiv Board recommends that you vote "FOR" each proposal.

Q: How do I vote?

A: If your shares are registered in your own name, you may vote in person at
   the meeting or by returning your completed proxy card(s) in the enclosed
   postage-paid envelope. You also may grant a proxy by telephone at  1-800-
   574-7149 or on the Internet at http://proxy.shareholder.com/civ by following
   the instructions on the proxy form you receive. If you return your signed
   proxy card or grant a proxy through the telephone or Internet procedures,
   your shares will be voted in accordance with your instructions. If you
   return your signed proxy card or grant a proxy through the telephone or
   Internet procedures, but do not designate how you wish to vote, your shares
   will be voted "FOR" each proposal.

  If your shares are held through a broker or bank, please follow their
  instructions about how to vote your proxy.

Q: What shares are included on the enclosed proxy card for Conectiv?

A: The number of shares indicated on the enclosed white proxy card consists of
   the number of shares of Conectiv common stock or Class A common stock that
   our records show you owned at the close of business on May 29, 2001. This
   includes shares owned in the ConectivDirectTM Stock Purchase Plan, Conectiv
   Savings and Investment Plan and stock-based executive compensation plans. A
   total of approximately 87,851,316 shares are entitled to vote. This
   includes approximately 82,153,315 shares of common stock and approximately
   5,698,001 shares of Class A common stock. Common stock and Class A common
   stock are considered one class for voting purposes, with each share having
   one vote.

Q: What does it mean if I get more than one proxy card for the Conectiv
   meeting?

A: Conectiv has mailed this material to all stockholders of record as of the
   Conectiv Record Date. In most cases, you will receive one proxy card for
   all shares registered in the same name. If you receive more than one proxy
   card (other than because you are a participant in the Conectiv Savings and
   Investment Plan), it is because your shares are registered in different
   names or with different addresses or are held in different accounts. Please
   sign and return each proxy card that you receive (or, grant a proxy by
   telephone or on the Internet) to ensure that all your shares are voted. To
   enable us to provide better stockholder service, we encourage stockholders
   to have all their shares registered in the same name with the same address.

Q: How are shares held in Conectiv's employee benefit plans voted?

A: Employees can vote these shares by proxy by following the proxy voting
   instructions. Shares held in the Conectiv Savings and Investment Plan that
   are not voted by the employee or other beneficial owner will be voted by
   the trustee administering the plan. The trustee will vote such shares in
   the same proportions as the Savings and Investment Plan participants who
   voted their shares. For example if 75% of voting Savings and Investment
   Plan participants cast their votes for a proposal, the trustee will vote
   75% of the unvoted shares for the proposal, and 25% of such shares against
   the proposal.

Q: Can I change my vote after I have returned my proxy card?

A: You may revoke your proxy at any time before it is exercised. If your
   shares are registered in your own name, you may revoke your proxy by
   submitting a later-dated notice of revocation in writing to the Secretary
   of Conectiv or by telephone at 1-800-574-7149 or Internet at
   http://proxy.shareholder.com/civ; or by submitting a later-dated proxy in
   writing (that is properly signed) or by telephone at 1-800-574-7149 or
   Internet at http://proxy.shareholder.com/civ, or by voting in person at the
   meeting.

   If your shares are held through a broker or bank, please follow their
   instructions about how to revoke your proxy.

Q: My shares of Conectiv stock are held in "street name." Will my broker vote
   my shares at the Conectiv meeting?

A: Under NYSE rules, a broker is permitted to vote your shares on the merger
   agreement and the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan only if you provide the
   broker with instructions on how to vote.

   On the other hand, a broker is permitted to vote your shares on the
   election of directors whether or not you provide voting instructions to the
   broker. You should follow the directions provided by your broker(s)
   regarding how to provide voting instructions for your shares held in street
   name.

Q: Should I send in my stock certificates now?

A: No. All stockholders of Conectiv will receive instructions at a later time
   as to how and when to send in their stock certificates.

Q: How can I get more information about Conectiv?

A: Additional information about Conectiv is contained in Conectiv's 2000 Annual
   Report on Form 10-K, which was mailed to you prior to, or at the same time
   as, this proxy solicitation. Please also see "Where You Can Find More
   Information" on page 166 for additional sources of information on Conectiv.

Q: Who can help answer my questions?

A: If you are a Conectiv stockholder and you have any questions about the
   transaction or if you need additional copies of this joint proxy
   statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy, you should contact:

  Innisfree M&A Incorporated, who is assisting in the solicitation of
  proxies, toll free at 877-750-9499. You may also contact:

   Conectiv
   Robert K. Marshall
   Director, Investor Relations
   800 King Street
   P.O. Box 231
   Wilmington, DE 19899
   Tel: (302) 429-3164

                                    SUMMARY

   This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. It does not contain all of the detailed information that
may be important to you. To understand the transaction fully and for a more
complete description of the legal terms of the transaction, you should read
carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents
to which we refer. For more information about Pepco, Conectiv and New RC, see
"Where You Can Find More Information" on page 166. Each item in this summary
refers to the pages where that subject is discussed more fully.

The Companies

 Pepco (page 114)

Potomac Electric Power Company
1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20068

   Pepco is engaged in three principal lines of business: (1) the provision of
regulated electric utility transmission and distribution services in the
Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, (2) the supply of telecommunications
services including local and long distance telephone, high-speed Internet and
cable television, and (3) the supply of energy products and services in
competitive retail markets.

 Conectiv (page 116)

Conectiv
800 King Street
Wilmington, DE 19899

   Conectiv is focused on two core energy businesses: Conectiv Power Delivery
provides safe, reliable, and affordable energy service to more than one million
customers in New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia. Conectiv Energy uses
a sophisticated power-trading unit to optimize the value of a growing portfolio
of "mid-merit" power plants that can start and stop quickly in response to
changes in the demand for power within the Pennsylvania-New Jersey-Maryland
power pool.

  The Transaction (page 31)

   The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. It is the legal document that governs the mergers and
related transactions. We encourage you to read this document carefully.

   The merger agreement provides for transactions by which Pepco and Conectiv
will become wholly owned subsidiaries of New RC. The merger agreement provides
that New RC will form two new subsidiaries which will be wholly owned by New
RC. At the effective time of the transaction, one of the subsidiaries will be
merged with and into Pepco, with Pepco as the surviving corporation and the
other subsidiary will be merged with and into Conectiv, with Conectiv as the
surviving corporation.

 Vote Required (pages 25 and 28)

   Pepco. The affirmative votes of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding
shares of Pepco common stock voting separately as a class and the holders of a
majority of all the outstanding shares of Pepco common stock and Pepco
preferred stock voting together as a single class are required to approve the
merger agreement. As of April 4, 2001, the directors and executive officers of
Pepco, together with their affiliates, collectively owned beneficially
approximately 308,182 shares of Pepco common stock and no shares of Pepco
preferred stock, or approximately .3% of the shares entitled to vote at the
annual meeting.

   Conectiv. The affirmative votes of the holders of a majority of all the
outstanding shares of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock,
voting together as a single class, are required to adopt the merger agreement.
As of the Conectiv Record Date, the directors and executive officers of
Conectiv, together with their affiliates, collectively beneficially owned
approximately 381,465 shares of Conectiv common stock and 1,864 shares of
Conectiv Class A common stock, or approximately .05% of the shares entitled to
vote at the annual meeting.

 What You will Receive (page 31)

   Pepco Stockholders. In the transaction, each share of Pepco common stock
held by the stockholders of Pepco at the effective time of the transaction will
automatically be exchanged into the right to receive one share of New RC common
stock.

   If a Pepco common stockholder beneficially holds a fractional share of Pepco
common stock in the Pepco dividend reinvestment plan or through the Pepco
401(k) plan, that fractional share will be converted pursuant to the terms of
the plan into the right to receive an equivalent fractional share of New RC
common stock.

   Conectiv Stockholders. Each holder of Conectiv stock, subject to the
restrictions described below, may elect to receive in exchange for each of his
or her shares of Conectiv stock, either:

 .   $25.00 per share in cash ($21.69 for each share of the Class A common
     stock); or

 .   a number of shares of New RC common stock determined by the exchange
     ratio described below, which is designed to provide Conectiv stockholders
     with New RC common stock having a market value of $25.00 ($21.69 for the
     Class A common stock).

Each Conectiv stockholder may choose to exchange some or all of his or her
shares for cash and some or all of his or her shares for New RC common stock.
Conectiv stockholders will receive an election form between one and two months
prior to the closing of the transaction in order to make this election and will
have up to two days before the closing of the transaction to make their
election and return their election form. If a Conectiv stockholder does not
return a properly completed election form, Pepco will allocate, at its
discretion, the form of merger consideration to be received by that
stockholder. Pepco intends to make this allocation so as to minimize the impact
of any allocation procedure on those stockholders who do make an election.
Therefore, if stock is over-subscribed, Pepco will allocate cash consideration
to the nonelecting stockholders, and if cash is over-subscribed, Pepco will
allocate stock consideration to the nonelecting stockholders. Complete
information on the election procedure can be found in the section entitled
"Procedure for Stockholder Elections" on page 77.

   The exchange ratio will be $25.00 divided by the average closing price per
share of Pepco common stock on the NYSE, for 20 trading days during the one-
month period immediately preceding the closing date of the transaction. The
method of calculating this average price, which we refer to as the Average
Final Price, is described in greater detail on pages 32 and 33.

   If the Average Final Price is between $19.50 and $24.50, then each share of
Conectiv common stock will be exchanged for consideration in the transaction
with a value of $25.00, and each share of Conectiv Class A

common stock will be exchanged for consideration in the transaction with a
value of $21.69, in each case at the time of the calculation of the Average
Final Price. If the Average Final Price is below $19.50, the value received for
each share of Conectiv stock will be lower than these amounts, and if the
Average Price is above $24.50, the value received for each share of Conectiv
stock will be higher than these amounts. The market price of New RC common
stock received upon completion of the transaction will not necessarily be the
same as the Average Final Price.

  The exchange ratio and the actual number of shares of New RC common stock
Conectiv stockholders will receive will not be determined until after Conectiv
stockholders vote on the transaction. The anticipated time period between the
time of Pepco's and Conectiv's stockholders' vote on the transaction and the
closing is approximately nine months. The anticipated time period between the
time when Conectiv's stockholders will be able to make their election as to the
form of merger consideration that they wish to receive and the closing of the
transaction is one to two months. The election must be made, and the election
form returned, by two days before the closing of the transaction.

   Based on the Average Final Price, as of May 29, 2001, of Pepco common stock
of $21.89, and a corresponding exchange ratio of 1.14207 per share of Conectiv
common stock and 0.99086 per share of Conectiv Class A common stock, the table
below shows the consideration a Conectiv stockholder will receive for 100
shares of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock, assuming
that the stockholder elects to receive 50% cash and 50% shares of New RC common
stock as consideration and no proration occurred, and assuming that the trading
price of one share of New RC common stock is equal to one share of Pepco common
stock.

                               Number of               Cash      Total Value
                                New RC   Value of  Consideration    to be
                                Shares    New RC     and Other    Received
                                 to be    Shares    Payments to   for Each
                               Received  Received   be Received     Share
                               --------- --------- ------------- -----------

Conectiv common stock              57    $1,247.73   $1,252.27    $2,500.00
Conectiv Class A common stock      49    $1,072.61   $1,096.32    $2,108.93

   Additionally, 50% of the consideration payable to Conectiv stockholders will
be paid in cash and 50% in New RC common stock. In the event that either cash
or stock is oversubscribed, the amount of each that a Conectiv stockholder will
have the right to receive upon exchange of his or her shares of Conectiv common
stock will be determined through an allocation and proration formula.

   As a result, Conectiv stockholders may receive a different combination of
cash and New RC common stock than they elected. See "The Merger Agreement--
Procedure for Stockholder Elections" and "The Merger Agreement--Limits on Cash
and Stock Consideration and Allocation Rules" on pages 77 and 78.

   For more information about the allocation rules, and charts illustrating the
potential effects of the allocation procedures described above, please see
"Illustrations of Exchange Ratio Application, Value to be Received and
Allocation Rules" beginning on page 33, and "Limits on Cash and Stock
Consideration and Allocation Rules" on page 78.

Our Boards' Recommendations to Stockholders

   Pepco (page 46)

   The Pepco Board recommends that the stockholders of Pepco vote "FOR"
approval of the merger agreement and the related transactions and "FOR"
approval of the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan.

   Conectiv (page 55)

   The Conectiv Board recommends that the stockholders of Conectiv vote "FOR"
approval of the merger agreement and "FOR" approval of the New RC Long-Term
Incentive Plan.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Transaction (page 70)

   In considering the recommendation of your company's board of directors that
you vote for the merger agreement, you should be aware that some of your
company's directors and officers may be deemed to have interests in the
transaction that are or may be different from, or in addition to, their
interests as stockholders. These interests include appointment to director and
officer positions and increases in, and acceleration of, compensation and
benefits.

Opinions of the Financial Advisors

   Pepco (page 47)

   The Pepco Board has retained Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated as its financial advisor in connection with the transaction and to
assist the Pepco Board in evaluating the financial terms of the transaction. On
February 9, 2001, Merrill Lynch delivered its oral opinion to the Pepco Board
that, as of that date, the Pepco exchange ratio was fair from a financial point
of view to the holders of Pepco common stock and the consideration to be paid
by Pepco in connection with the merger involving Conectiv was fair from a
financial point of view to Pepco. Merrill Lynch subsequently confirmed its oral
opinion by delivery of its written opinion dated February 9, 2001. The Merrill
Lynch opinion is for the use and benefit of the Pepco Board and does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder
should vote on the proposed transaction.

   The full text of the Merrill Lynch opinion, which states the assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and
limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Merrill Lynch in rendering
its opinion, is included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D.
We urge you to read this opinion in its entirety for a description of the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on
the review undertaken.

   Conectiv (page 57)

   In connection with the merger involving Conectiv, Conectiv's financial
advisor, Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, delivered a written opinion,
dated February 9, 2001, to the Conectiv Board to the effect that, as of that
date and based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion, the
Conectiv common stock consideration was fair, from a financial point of view,
to the holders of Conectiv common stock and the Conectiv Class A common stock
consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
Conectiv Class A common stock.

   The full text of Credit Suisse First Boston's written opinion, dated
February 9, 2001, is attached to this document as Annex E. We encourage you to
read this opinion carefully in its entirety for a description of the procedures
followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations on the review
undertaken. Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion is addressed to the Conectiv
Board and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to any
matter relating to the transaction.

Dissenters' Appraisal Rights (page 64)

   The stockholders of Pepco have dissenters' appraisal rights under District
of Columbia and Virginia laws. The stockholders of Conectiv have dissenters'
appraisal rights under Delaware law. These rights are more fully described in
"The Transaction--Dissenters' Appraisal Rights." In view of the complexity of
these provisions of the District of Columbia, Virginia and Delaware corporate
law, any Pepco or Conectiv stockholder who is considering exercising
dissenters' appraisal rights may wish to consult a legal advisor.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (page 67)

  The U.S. federal income tax consequences to you will depend on the form of
consideration you receive in the transaction.

   If you are a U.S. Holder of Pepco common stock, you will not recognize gain
or loss on the receipt of New RC common stock in the transaction.

   If you are a U.S. Holder of Conectiv stock and you receive solely New RC
common stock pursuant to the transaction, you will not recognize gain or loss
(except with respect to cash received instead of a fractional share of New RC
common stock). If you are a U.S. Holder of Conectiv stock and you receive
solely cash pursuant to the transaction, you will recognize gain or a loss in
an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and your
adjusted tax basis in those shares of Conectiv stock. If you are a U.S. Holder
of Conectiv stock and you receive a combination of cash and New RC common stock
pursuant to the transaction, you will recognize gain (but not loss) equal to
the difference between

  .  the sum of the cash (excluding any cash received instead of fractional
     shares) and the fair market value of the New RC common stock received
     (including any fractional shares deemed received and exchanged for
     cash), and
  .  your adjusted tax basis in those shares of Conectiv stock,

but not in excess of the amount of cash received.

Accounting Treatment (page 66)

   The transaction will be accounted for by New RC as an acquisition of
Conectiv by Pepco using the purchase method of accounting for a business
combination in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Under
this method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of Conectiv will be
recorded at their fair values and, if necessary, any excess of the merger
consideration over those amounts will be recorded as goodwill. The results of
operations and cash flows of Conectiv will be included in New RC's financial
statements prospectively as of the effective time of the transaction.

Acquisition Financing (page 114)

   Pepco expects to use up to approximately $400 million of the proceeds it has
received from the recent sale of its generation assets to fund a portion of the
cash consideration to be paid in the transaction. Following the mailing of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus to stockholders, New RC expects to obtain the
remainder of the necessary funds from various sources and methods, including
commercial paper, bank lines of credit, debt and preferred securities of
various maturities and types. These financings will, however, be offset by
reductions since the date of its generation asset sale in a like amount of
Pepco's borrowings. New RC does not foresee any difficulty in obtaining these
additional funds on market terms.

Comparative Rights of Stockholders (page 120)

   When the transaction is completed, both Pepco and Conectiv stockholders will
become stockholders of New RC and their rights will be governed by Delaware
law, the New RC certificate of incorporation and the New RC bylaws. There are
material differences between the rights of a Pepco stockholder under the Pepco
articles of incorporation, the Pepco bylaws and District of Columbia and
Virginia laws, or the rights of a Conectiv stockholder under the Conectiv
certificate of incorporation and the Conectiv by-laws and Delaware law, on the
one hand, and the rights of a holder of New RC common stock under the New RC
certificate of incorporation, the New RC bylaws and Delaware law, on the other
hand.

   The material differences include the following:

  .  The requirement under Virginia and District of Columbia law and the
     Pepco articles that a merger involving Pepco and amendments to the Pepco
     articles of incorporation require a two-thirds stockholder vote and the
     requirement under Delaware law and the New RC certificate of
     incorporation that mergers and amendments to the certificate of
     incorporation generally require only the vote of a majority of the
     shares entitled to vote.

  .  The prohibition under the laws of the District of Columbia against loans
     by a corporation to its directors or officers and the lack of such a
     prohibition under Delaware law, which permits such loans if the action
     is reasonably expected in the judgment of the directors to benefit the
     corporation.

  .  The section in Delaware law that permits a provision in the certificate
     of incorporation of a Delaware corporation eliminating or limiting the
     personal liability of directors for monetary damages for breach of
     fiduciary duty as a director except for breach of the duty of loyalty
     and other specified actions and the inclusion of such a provision in the
     New RC certificate of incorporation.

Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Transaction (page 74)

   In order to complete the transaction, we must receive approvals from and/or
make filings with various U.S. federal and state governmental agencies. We
currently believe that the necessary approvals can be obtained by the first
quarter of 2002. At the federal level, these include clearance by the Federal
Trade Commission and the Department of Justice and approval of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Federal
Communications Commission and, possibly, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. At
the state level, approval is required from the Delaware Public Service
Commission, the Maryland Public Service Commission, the New Jersey Board of
Public Utilities, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and the Virginia
State Corporation Commission. We do not believe that the District of Columbia
Public Service Commission (which we refer to as the DC Commission) has direct
jurisdiction over the transaction. However, Pepco intends to work
constructively with the DC Commission regarding the transaction as well as its
ongoing jurisdiction over Pepco following the transaction, and make any filings
with the DC Commission as are deemed appropriate.

   Further, after completion of the transaction New RC expects to register with
the SEC as a public utility holding company under the Public Utility Holding
Company Act of 1935 (which we refer to as the 1935 Act) and, consequently, New
RC will be subject to a number of restrictions under the 1935 Act.

Conditions to the Transaction (page 87)

   The transaction will not be completed unless customary conditions are
satisfied or waived by Pepco and Conectiv. The following conditions must be
satisfied:

  .   stockholder approval;

  .   receipt of regulatory approvals; and

  .   the absence of governmental action to block the transaction.

   Additionally, the following conditions must be satisfied or waived:

  .   the regulatory approvals for the transaction do not contain materially
      adverse terms;

  .   listing of New RC shares on the NYSE;

  .   accuracy of the representations and warranties in the merger agreement;

  .   performance of all material agreements in the merger agreement;

  .   the receipt of tax opinions; and

  .   absence of a material adverse effect on either company.

Termination (page 88)

   Pepco and Conectiv each have the right to terminate the merger agreement:

  .   by mutual written consent;

  .   if the transaction has not been completed by August 9, 2002 or, if the
      only remaining condition at August 9, 2002 is receipt of required
      statutory approvals, by February 9, 2003;

  .   if the transaction is prohibited by a governmental entity;

  .   if the stockholders of Pepco or Conectiv do not adopt or approve the
      merger agreement; or

  .   if the other company materially violates, and does not cure, any of its
      representations, warranties or covenants.

   In addition, Pepco has the right to terminate the merger agreement if the
Conectiv Board withdraws or adversely modifies its approval of the merger
agreement, approves or recommends another acquisition proposal or resolves to
take any of those actions.

   Conectiv also has the right to terminate the merger agreement under the
following circumstances:

  .   if the Conectiv Board approves a superior acquisition proposal; as long
      as Pepco has had an opportunity to propose revised transaction terms;

  .   if the Pepco Board withdraws or adversely modifies its approval of the
      merger agreement or resolves to take either of those actions; or

  .   if the Average Final Price is less than $16.50, subject to Pepco's
      right to supplement or "top-up" the value of the stock portion of the
      merger consideration to a value of $21.15 per share of Conectiv common
      stock (and $18.35 per share of Conectiv Class A common stock). See "The
      Transaction--Conectiv "Walk-Away' Right and Pepco "Top-Up' Right" on
      page 39.

   With respect to the termination right described in the bullet point directly
above, the merger agreement does not provide for a resolicitation of Conectiv
stockholders in the event that the Average Final Price is less than $16.50 and
Conectiv nevertheless chooses to complete the transaction or of Pepco
stockholders in the event Pepco chooses to exercises its top-up rights.
Therefore, adoption of the merger agreement by the Conectiv stockholders will
give the Conectiv Board the power, in accordance with its fiduciary duties, to
complete the transaction even if the Average Final Price is less than $16.50
without any further action by, or resolicitation of, the Conectiv stockholders
and adoption of the merger agreement by the Pepco stockholders will give the
Pepco Board the power, in accordance with its fiduciary duties, to exercise
Pepco's top-up rights without any further action by, or resolicitation of, the
Pepco stockholders.

Termination Fees (page 89)

   A termination fee must be paid by either Conectiv or Pepco in the following
circumstances:

  .   If Conectiv terminates the merger agreement due to the Conectiv Board's
      approval of a superior acquisition proposal, Conectiv must pay $60
      million to Pepco.

  .   If Conectiv or Pepco terminates the merger agreement due to the failure
      of Conectiv's stockholders to adopt the merger agreement and an
      acquisition proposal has been made public at or before the Conectiv
      stockholders' meeting, and then Conectiv agrees, within 12 months, to
      an acquisition proposal, then Conectiv must pay $60 million to Pepco.

  .   If Pepco terminates the merger agreement as a result of the Conectiv
      Board's withdrawing or modifying its approval of the merger agreement
      or approving or recommending another acquisition proposal, so long as
      this action was not caused by Pepco entering into a business
      combination that could delay or impede the consummation of the
      transaction, then Conectiv must pay $60 million to Pepco.

  .   If Conectiv or Pepco terminates the merger agreement due to the failure
      of Pepco's stockholders to adopt the merger agreement and a proposal
      for a business combination involving Pepco has been made public at or
      before the Pepco stockholders' meeting, and then Pepco agrees, within
      12 months, to a business combination, then Pepco must pay $60 million
      to Conectiv.

  .   If Conectiv terminates the merger agreement as a result of the Pepco
      Board's withdrawing or modifying its approval of the merger agreement,
      then Pepco must pay $60 million to Conectiv.

Management and Operations Following the Transaction (page 118)

   Pepco and Conectiv agreed in the merger agreement that, at the effective
time of the transaction, the board of directors of New RC will consist of 12
persons, at least two of whom will come from the current Conectiv Board. At the
effective time, it is expected that John M. Derrick, Jr., chairman and chief
executive officer of Pepco, will be chairman and chief executive officer of New
RC. Pepco currently expects that all members of its board of directors
immediately prior to the closing of the transaction will be named as directors
of New RC.

   At the effective time of the transaction, New RC will operate from and have
its headquarters in Washington, D.C.; Pepco will continue its operations from
its headquarters in Washington D.C. substantially as currently operated; and
Conectiv will continue to maintain its headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware and
will continue to have significant operations in New Jersey and on the Delmarva
Peninsula.

Dividends (page 118)

   New RC will adopt Pepco's dividend policy. The annual dividend at the
effective time is expected to be $1.00 per share of New RC common stock.
However, no assurance can be given that such dividend rate will be in effect or
will remain unchanged, and New RC reserves the right to increase or decrease
the dividend on New RC common stock as may be required by law or contract or as
may be determined by the New RC Board, in its discretion, as advisable.

Approval of the Long-Term Incentive Plan (page 91)

   In connection with the transaction, the New RC Board has adopted the New RC
Long-Term Incentive Plan. The objective of the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan
is to increase stockholder value by providing a long-term incentive to reward
officers, key employees, and directors of New RC and its subsidiaries for the
profitable performance of New RC and its subsidiaries, and to increase the
ownership of New RC common stock by such individuals. The New RC Long-Term
Incentive Plan is being submitted for approval to the stockholders of both
Pepco and Conectiv. If the transaction is completed and the New RC Long-Term
Incentive Plan is approved by the stockholders of both Pepco and Conectiv, the
New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan will become effective on the closing date of
the transaction.

                              CORPORATE STRUCTURE

   The following charts show, in simplified form, the current corporate
structure of Pepco and Conectiv and their direct subsidiaries, and the
corporate structure of New RC and its direct subsidiaries following the
completion of the proposed transaction.

               Current Corporate Structure of Pepco and Conectiv

                                     Pepco

                                     Pepco

                              Pepco Holdings, Inc.

                              --------------------

                    Potomac Capital          Pepco
                       Investment       Energy Services,
                      Corporation             Inc.

                                    Conectiv

                                    Conectiv

                       ----------------------------------

                Delmarva       Atlantic City        Other
              Power & Light      Electric       Subsidiaries
                 Company          Company

          Corporate Structure of New RC After the Proposed Transaction

                                     New RC

                  --------------------------------------------

           Pepco                  Conectiv         Other Subsidiaries

        Subsidiaries            Subsidiaries

                   MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS DECLARED

   Pepco common stock is listed and trades on the NYSE under the symbol "POM"
and Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock are listed and
trade on the NYSE under the symbols "CIV" and "CIV.A," respectively. We refer
to the Conectiv common stock and the Conectiv Class A common stock,
collectively, as the Conectiv stock. This table shows for the indicated periods
the high and low sales prices per share for Pepco common stock and Conectiv
common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock, as reported as composite
transactions in The Wall Street Journal as New York Stock Exchange Composite
Transactions, and dividends declared per share.

                                                  Conectiv - Common
                          Pepco - Common Stock          Stock          Conectiv - Class A C/S
                         ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------
                             Price                  Price                  Price
                         ------------- Dividend ------------- Dividend ------------- Dividend
                          High   Low   Declared  High   Low   Declared  High   Low   Declared
                         ------ ------ -------- ------ ------ -------- ------ ------ -------- ---

 First Quarter.......... $26.50 $23.00  $0.415  $24.38 $19.38  $0.385  $40.00 $34.88  $0.800
 Second Quarter......... $31.75 $23.13  $0.415  $25.50 $19.38  $0.220  $42.25 $34.38  $0.800
 Third Quarter.......... $31.31 $25.06  $0.415  $25.25 $19.00  $0.220  $43.00 $37.31  $0.800
 Fourth Quarter......... $28.06 $21.25  $0.415  $20.75 $16.25  $0.220  $40.81 $26.50  $0.800

 First Quarter.......... $27.69 $19.06  $0.415  $18.25 $13.44  $0.220  $21.75 $23.13  $0.800
 Second Quarter......... $27.88 $20.94  $0.415  $18.81 $15.00  $0.220  $24.63 $19.38  $0.800
 Third Quarter.......... $27.44 $23.63  $0.415  $19.19 $15.50  $0.220  $25.56 $17.75  $0.800
 Fourth Quarter......... $25.56 $21.50  $0.415  $20.75 $15.81  $0.220  $20.25 $ 8.50  $0.800

 First Quarter ......... $24.90 $20.20  $0.415  $22.50 $17.19  $0.220  $22.80 $12.63  $0.800
 Second Quarter
  (through May 29)...... $23.84 $21.23  $0.250  $22.89 $21.34     N/A  $20.92 $19.00     N/A

   On February 9, 2001, the last full trading day before the public
announcement of execution of the merger agreement, and on May 29, 2001, the
last full trading day for which information was available before the date of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the high, low and closing sales prices,
as reported in The Wall Street Journal as New York Stock Exchange Composite
Transactions, for Pepco common stock, Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class
A common stock were as follows:

                                      February 9, 2001        May 29, 2001
                                    --------------------- ---------------------
                                     High   Low   Closing  High   Low   Closing
                                    ------ ------ ------- ------ ------ -------

   Pepco common stock.............. $21.39 $20.60 $21.35  $22.00 $21.60 $21.80
   Conectiv common stock........... $21.34 $20.92 $21.00  $22.46 $21.75 $21.75
   Conectiv Class A common stock... $22.05 $20.50 $22.00  $19.59 $19.50 $19.55

   The number of shares of New RC common stock to be exchanged for each share
of Conectiv stock converted in the transaction will vary depending on the
calculation of the exchange ratio. As of February 9, 2001, the pro forma
equivalent market value was $25.00 per share of Conectiv common stock and
$21.69 per share of Conectiv Class A common stock. As of May 29, 2001, the pro
forma equivalent market value was $25.00 per share of Conectiv common stock and
$21.69 per share of Conectiv Class A common stock.

   The market prices of Pepco common stock, Conectiv common stock and Conectiv
Class A common stock are subject to fluctuation. As a result, Pepco and
Conectiv stockholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for Pepco
and Conectiv shares.

                   SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION

   The following table contains the selected historical consolidated financial
data, including selected historical per share data, for Pepco and Conectiv. The
selected historical consolidated financial data for Pepco and Conectiv for the
three months ended March 31, 2001 and for each year in the five-year period
ended December 31, 2000 have been derived from the financial statements of
Pepco and Conectiv, respectively. The selected historical financial data should
be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements
and related notes thereto of Pepco and Conectiv as presented in their
respective Forms 10-Q and 10-K, which are incorporated by reference herein.

Selected Historical Financial Data

                         POTOMAC ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY
                  (Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Data)

                         Three Months
                            Ended               Year Ended December 31,
                          March 31,     ----------------------------------------------
                             2001         2000        1999     1998     1997    1996
                         ------------   --------     -------  -------  ------- -------

Statement of Earnings
 Data:
 Total Operating Revenue
  (a)(b)................   $  611.0 (b) $3,047.7 (a) 2,476.0  2,220.8  1,997.1 2,141.2
 Total Operating
  Expenses..............   $  478.2     $2,328.2     2,095.6  1,858.0  1,751.7 1,826.5
 (Loss) Income from
  Equity Investments,
  Principally
  Telecommunication
  Entities..............   $   (6.3)(b) $  (17.1)       (9.6)    (8.5)     2.0     2.7
 Net Income.............   $   64.9 (b) $  352.0 (a)   247.1    226.3    181.8   237.0
 Earnings Available for
  Common Stock..........   $   63.7 (b) $  346.5 (a)   238.2    208.3    165.3   220.4
 Earnings Per Share of
  Common Stock:
  Basic.................   $    .58     $   3.02        2.01     1.76     1.39    1.86
  Diluted...............   $    .57     $   2.96        1.98     1.73     1.38    1.82

                                                    At December 31,
                         At March 31,   ----------------------------------------------
                             2001         2000        1999     1998     1997    1996
                         ------------   --------     -------  -------  ------- -------

Balance Sheet Data:
 Total Assets...........   $5,758.7     $7,027.3     6,910.6  6,574.1  6,683.2 6,852.4
 Capitalization
  Long-term debt and
   capital lease
   obligations..........   $1,718.5     $1,859.6     2,867.0  2,563.5  2,892.4 2,926.7
  Company obligated
   mandatorily
   redeemable preferred
   securities of
   subsidiary trust
   which holds solely
   parent junior
   subordinated
   debentures...........   $  125.0     $  125.0       125.0    125.0      --      --
  Preferred stock.......   $   84.8     $   90.3       100.0    150.0    266.3   267.8
  Shareholders' equity..   $1,838.9     $1,862.5     1,910.3  1,877.4  1,863.0 1,889.2
                           --------     --------     -------  -------  ------- -------
 Total Capitalization...   $3,767.2     $3,937.4     5,002.3  4,715.9  5,021.7 5,083.7
 Book Value per Share of
  Common Stock..........   $  16.89     $  16.82       16.12    15.84    15.72   15.94
 Cash Dividends Declared
  Per Share of Common
  Stock.................   $  0.415     $   1.66        1.66     1.66     1.66    1.66

- --------
(a)  In December 2000, Pepco divested substantially all of its generation
     assets. This divestiture resulted in the recognition of a pre-tax gain of
     approximately $423.8 million ($182 million net of income taxes).

(b) In January 2001, Pepco completed its divestiture of generation assets
    resulting in a pre-tax gain of approximately $50.2 million ($22.4 million
    net of income tax).

                                    CONECTIV
                  (Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Data)

                          Three Months             Year Ended December 31,
                         Ended March 31, ---------------------------------------------------
                              2001         2000     1999         1998     1997        1996
                         --------------- -------- --------     -------- --------    --------

Statement of Earnings
 Data:
 Total Operating
  Revenue...............    $1,554.6     $5,029.1 $3,744.9     $3,071.6 $1,415.4    $1,168.7
 Operating Income.......    $  124.1     $  487.8 $  345.6     $  386.9 $  226.3    $  250.4
 Income before
  Extraordinary Item....    $   40.8     $  170.8 $  113.6     $  153.2 $  101.2(c) $  107.3
 Extraordinary Item.....         --           --  $ (311.7)(b)      --       --          --
 Net Income (Loss)......    $   40.8     $  170.8 $ (198.1)    $  153.2 $  101.2(c) $  107.3
 Earnings per common
  stock share before
  extraordinary item
  Basic and diluted.....    $   0.48     $   1.97 $   1.14     $   1.50 $   1.66    $   1.77
 Earnings per Class A
  common stock share
  before extraordinary
  item
  Basic and diluted.....    $   0.16     $   1.06 $   1.14     $   1.82      --          --

                                                       At December 31,
                          At March 31,   ---------------------------------------------------
                              2001         2000     1999         1998     1997        1996
                         --------------- -------- --------     -------- --------    --------

Balance Sheet Data:
 Total Assets...........    $6,655.8     $6,478.0 $6,138.5     $6,087.7 $3,015.5    $2,931.9
 Capitalization
  Long-term debt and
   capital lease
   obligations..........    $2,032.0     $2,035.5 $2,155.3     $1,783.2 $1,003.6    $  924.6
  Company obligated
   mandatorily
   redeemable preferred
   securities of
   subsidiary trust
   which holds solely
   parent junior
   subordinated
   debentures...........       165.0        165.0    165.0        165.0     70.0        70.0
  Preferred stock.......       119.9        119.9    119.9        119.9     89.7        89.7
  Shareholders' equity..     1,166.5      1,160.3  1,138.2      1,843.2    954.5       934.9
                            --------     -------- --------     -------- --------    --------
 Total Capitalization...    $3,483.4     $3,480.7 $3,578.4     $3,911.3 $2,117.8    $2,019.2
 Book Value per Share of
  Common and Class A
  Common Stock..........    $  13.15     $  13.10 $  12.38     $  17.21 $  15.59    $  15.41
 Cash Dividends Declared
  Per Share:
  Common Stock..........    $   0.22     $   0.88 $  1.045     $   1.54 $   1.54    $   1.54
  Class A Common Stock..    $   0.80     $   3.20 $   3.20     $   3.20      --          --

- --------
(a)  Delmarva Power & Light Company and Atlantic City Electric Company became
     wholly owned subsidiaries of Conectiv on March 1, 1998. This transaction
     was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, with Delmarva
     Power & Light Company as the acquirer.
(b)  This item, net of $188.3 million in taxes, resulted from the restructuring
     of the electric utility industry and discontinuing the application of SFAS
     71.
(c)  A gain on sale of a landfill and waste-hauling company increased income
     before extraordinary item and net income by $13.7 million.

                       COMPARATIVE PER SHARE INFORMATION

   The following table presents historical per share data for Pepco and
Conectiv for the stated periods. It also shows per share information assuming
that the transaction has occurred, referred to as "pro forma" information. The
fiscal year for each of Pepco and Conectiv ends on December 31.

   As explained elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, 50% of
Conectiv stock will be exchanged for New RC common stock and 50% will be
exchanged for cash. The pro forma information is prepared under the purchase
method of accounting for business combinations and assumes the issuance of 48.4
million shares of New RC common stock in exchange for each share of Conectiv
common stock and the issuance of 2.9 million shares of New RC common stock in
exchange for each share of Conectiv Class A common stock that is being
exchanged in the transaction. This data should be read in conjunction with the
questions and answers about the transaction, the selected historical financial
information and the unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial statements
included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, as well as the
separate historical financial statements of Pepco and Conectiv incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus. See also "The
Transaction--What Stockholders will Receive" on page 31 and "Where You Can Find
More Information" on page 166.

   Amounts shown as "Pro forma equivalent" are computed by multiplying the "Pro
forma combined" information by the assumed exchange ratios of 0.571037 and
0.495432 for Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock,
respectively.

   The Conectiv common share and Class A common share equivalent pro forma
earnings, dividends, and book values per share are based upon the New RC
average final price multiplied by 0.571037 and 0.495432 respectively. These
ratios are calculated by dividing the common share and Class A common share
exchange rates ($25.00 and $21.69, as defined by the merger agreement) by the
most recent and practical weighted average final price ($21.89) and multiplying
by 50% (representing the 50-50 ratio of cash and stock consideration to be
paid).

   The exchange ratios are sensitive to movements in the average final price
within the $19.50 to $24.50 collar. The table below provides examples of how
movements in average final price would impact the assumed exchange ratios for
Conectiv common and Class A common shares (based on $25.00 and $21.69,
respectively).

            Closing Pepco       Conectiv    Conectiv Class A
             Common Share     Common Share    Common Share
                Price        Exchange Ratio  Exchange Ratio
            -------------    -------------- ----------------

            (less than or
                =)19.50         0.641026        0.556154
                 20.00          0.625000        0.542250
                 20.50          0.609756        0.529024
                 21.00          0.595238        0.516429
                 21.50          0.581395        0.504419
                 21.89          0.571037        0.495432
                 22.00          0.568182        0.492955
                 22.50          0.555556        0.482000
                 23.00          0.543478        0.471522
                 23.50          0.531915        0.461489
                 24.00          0.520823        0.451875
           (greater than or
                =)24.50         0.510204        0.442653

   See also "The Transaction--Illustrations of Exchange Ratio Application,
Value to Be Received and Allocation Rules" on page 33 and the "Unaudited Pro
Forma Combined Financial Statements", on page 97.

   While we expect that the transaction will provide the combined companies
with the opportunity to achieve reduced operating expenses and opportunities to
increase revenue, we have not reflected those anticipated benefits in the pro
forma information. In addition, Pepco and Conectiv may incur expenses as a
result of the transaction, but the pro forma information does not reflect any
expenses except those identified in the unaudited pro forma combined condensed
financial statements included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/
prospectus. Therefore, the pro forma information, while helpful in illustrating
the financial results of the combined companies under one set of assumptions,
does not attempt to predict or suggest future results. The pro forma
information also does not attempt to show how the combined companies would have
performed if the transaction had occurred before the stated periods.

                                                Three Months    Twelve Months
                                                   Ended            Ended
                                               March 31, 2001 December 31, 2000
                                               -------------- -----------------

Basic Earnings
New RC
 Pro forma for the transaction                     $ 0.56          $ 2.70
 Pepco
  Historical                                       $ 0.58          $ 3.02
  Pro forma for the transaction                    $ 0.56          $ 2.70
 Conectiv
  Historical per common share                      $ 0.48          $ 1.97
  Historical per Class A common share              $ 0.16          $ 1.06
  equivalent pro forma for the transaction per
   common share                                    $ 0.33          $ 1.54
  equivalent pro forma for the transaction per
   Class A common share                            $ 0.28          $ 1.34
Diluted Earnings per common share
New RC
 Pro forma for the transaction                     $ 0.55          $ 2.67
 Pepco
  Historical                                       $ 0.57          $ 2.96
  Pro forma for the transaction                    $ 0.55          $ 2.67
 Conectiv
  Historical per common share                      $ 0.48          $ 1.97
  Historical per Class A common share              $ 0.16          $ 1.06
  equivalent pro forma for the transaction per
   common share                                    $ 0.32          $ 1.52
  equivalent pro forma for the transaction per
   Class A common share                            $ 0.27          $ 1.32
Cash Dividends declared
New RC
 Pro forma for the transaction                     $ 0.35          $ 1.46
 Pepco
  Historical                                       $0.415          $ 1.66
  Pro forma for the transaction                    $ 0.35          $ 1.46
 Conectiv
  Historical per common share                      $ 0.22          $ 0.88
  Historical per Class A common share              $ 0.80          $ 3.20
  equivalent pro forma for the transaction per
   common share                                    $ 0.20          $ 0.83
  equivalent pro forma for the transaction per
   Class A common share                            $ 0.18          $ 0.72
Book Value
New RC
 Pro forma for the transaction                     $18.46          $18.61
 Pepco
  Historical                                       $16.89          $16.82
  Pro forma for the transaction                    $18.46          $18.61
 Conectiv
  Historical per common share                      $13.15          $13.10
  Historical per Class A common share              $13.15          $13.10
  equivalent pro forma for the transaction per
   common share                                    $10.54          $10.63
  equivalent pro forma for the transaction per
   Class A common share                            $ 9.15          $ 9.22

                          UNAUDITED SELECTED PRO FORMA
                         COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

   The following selected unaudited pro forma combined financial data combines
the historical consolidated balance sheets and statements of earnings of Pepco
and Conectiv, giving effect to the transaction which is recorded using the
purchase method of accounting. The selected unaudited pro forma combined
financial data are not necessarily indicative of the actual operating outcomes
or financial position that would have resulted had the transaction been
consummated on the dates indicated and should not be construed as necessarily
indicative of future operating results or financial position. The following
information is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the unaudited
pro forma combined statements of earnings and balance sheet presented elsewhere
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

                                     New RC
                  (Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Data)

                                                       Three Months
                                                          Ended      Year Ended
                                                        March 31,   December 31,
                                                           2001         2000
                                                       ------------ ------------

Statement of Earnings Data:
 Total Operating Revenue..............................   $2,166.7     $8,005.9
 Total Operating Expenses.............................   $1,989.7     $7,102.3
 (Loss) Income from Equity Investments,
  Principally Telecommunication Entities..............   $   (7.1)    $   16.1
 Operating Income.....................................   $  169.9     $  919.7
 Net Income...........................................   $   91.0     $  452.3
 Earnings Available for Common Stock..................   $   89.8     $  446.8
 Cash Dividends Declared Per Share of Common Stock....   $   0.36     $   1.46

                                                                    At March 31,

                                                                    ------------

Balance Sheet Data:
 Total Assets......................................................  $12,694.4
 Capitalization
  Long-term debt and capital lease obligations.....................  $ 3,738.0
  Company obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred
   securities of subsidiary trust which holds solely parent
   junior subordinated debentures..................................  $   290.0
  Preferred stock..................................................  $   203.0
  Shareholders' equity.............................................  $ 2,936.9
                                                                     ---------
 Total Capitalization..............................................  $ 7,167.9
 Book Value per Share of Common Stock..............................  $   18.46

                    RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE TRANSACTION

   In addition to the other information included and incorporated by reference
in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, you should carefully read and
consider the following factors in evaluating the proposals to be voted on at
your company's meeting.

   Although Conectiv stockholders will receive fixed value in terms of any cash
consideration that they receive in the transaction, Conectiv stockholders will
not know in certain terms the value of the share consideration they may receive
and they may receive New RC common stock valued at less than $25.00 for their
shares of Conectiv common stock and less than $21.69 for their shares of Class
A common stock.

   Conectiv stockholders will not know the value of the share consideration
they will receive in the transaction at the time they vote or at the time they
make an election as to the form of consideration. As a result of the regulatory
approval process, we currently expect that the transaction will not close until
approximately nine months after the Conectiv stockholders' vote on approval of
the merger agreement and that the election process will commence approximately
one to two months prior to the closing. The actual value of the share
consideration received could be less than $25.00 per share of common stock
($21.69 per share of Class A common stock) exchanged in the transaction. The
merger agreement requires that 50% of the consideration paid to Conectiv
stockholders will be paid in shares of New RC common stock. As a result, even
Conectiv stockholders who elect to receive cash consideration may be allocated
stock consideration and be subject to this risk. The exchange ratio for the
stock consideration is designed to provide Conectiv common stockholders with
New RC common stock with a value of $25.00 ($21.69 for the Class A common
stock) if the average closing price of Pepco common stock is not less than
$19.50 nor more than $24.50. However, the market value of Pepco common stock
may fluctuate outside this range as a result of changes in the businesses,
operations, results and prospects of both companies, market expectations of the
likelihood that the transaction will be completed and the timing of completion,
the effect of any conditions or restrictions imposed on or proposed with
respect to the combined company by regulatory agencies, general market and
economic conditions, and other factors. If the average closing price of Pepco
common stock is less than $19.50, the value of the New RC stock delivered to
holders of Conectiv common stock would be less than $25.00 (less than $21.69
for the Class A common stock).

   Because Conectiv is not required to terminate the merger agreement if the
average closing price of Pepco common stock at closing is below $16.50, the
value of the share consideration received by Conectiv stockholders could be
below $21.15.

   In the event the transaction closes at a time when the average closing price
of Pepco common stock is below $16.50, Conectiv stockholders will receive share
consideration valued below $21.15. Conectiv has the option, but is not
required, to terminate the merger agreement if the average closing price of
Pepco common stock is below $16.50, subject to Pepco's right to increase the
value of the stock portion of the merger consideration using either cash or
additional New RC common stock or a combination of cash and New RC common
stock, to $21.15 per share of Conectiv common stock (and $18.35 per share of
Conectiv Class A common stock), which is approximately equal to the value
Conectiv stockholders would receive if Pepco's average closing price were
$16.50. It is not possible to know until the fifth business day before the
closing of the transaction if the average closing price of Pepco common stock
will be less than $16.50. Conectiv cannot predict now whether or not the
Conectiv Board would exercise its right to terminate the merger agreement if
the average closing price were less than $16.50. The merger agreement does not
provide for a resolicitation of Conectiv stockholders in the event that the
average closing price is less than $16.50 and the Conectiv Board nevertheless
chooses, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, to complete the transaction.

   If Pepco chooses to exercise its top-up right and use stock as the
additional consideration, Pepco stockholders may end up holding materially less
than 67% of the outstanding common stock of New RC immediately after closing of
the transaction.

   Pepco has the option, but is not required, to "top-up" the stock
consideration to be received by Conectiv stockholders in the event the average
final price of Pepco common stock is less than $16.50 and Conectiv has
exercised its walk-away right, by paying either cash or additional stock
consideration to ensure that Conectiv stockholders receiving stock
consideration in the transaction receive at least $21.15 ($18.35 for the Class
A common stock) in value. In the event Pepco elects to exercise this option and
to use additional stock consideration for the top-up, Pepco stockholders may
end up holding materially less than 67% of the outstanding common stock of New
RC immediately after the closing. Pepco cannot predict now whether or not the
Pepco Board would exercise its top-up right or use stock as the additional
consideration. The merger agreement does not provide for a resolicitation of
Pepco stockholders or the issuance of a new fairness opinion by Merrill Lynch
in the event that the Pepco Board, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties,
chooses to exercise its top-up right and use stock as the additional
consideration.

   We may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner or on
satisfactory terms.

   Obtaining these approvals will likely delay the transaction for several
months after the stockholder meetings. These state and federal approvals may
impose conditions on the operations of New RC, Pepco, and Conectiv, and
possibly on the operations of New RC's other subsidiaries, which could have a
material adverse effect on the business and/or results of operations of New RC.
For example, it is possible that the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade
Commission could require New RC to sell assets in order to eliminate anti-
competitive concerns over the combination of Pepco and Conectiv. Also, the SEC
could require New RC to undertake an internal restructuring, or to divest non-
utility businesses or sell passive investments in order to meet the corporate
simplification requirements of the 1935 Act. Additionally, any of the state
public utility commissions may impose unacceptable financial conditions in
approving the transaction.

   Pepco's stockholders will be exchanging shares of an operating company for
shares of a holding company which will be subject to additional dividend
restrictions which may negatively affect New RC's ability to pay dividends to
its stockholders.

   Unlike Pepco, New RC will not have any operating income of its own. Thus,
the ability of New RC to pay dividends to its common stockholders will depend
on dividends received from its subsidiaries. In addition to their future
financial performance, the ability of the subsidiaries to pay dividends to New
RC will be subject to the limits imposed by:

  .   state corporate and regulatory laws, which contain limitations on the
      funds that can be used to pay dividends and, in the case of regulatory
      laws, may require the prior approval of the relevant utility regulatory
      commissions before dividends can be paid;

  .   the 1935 Act, which prohibits the payment of dividends by a registered
      holding company or any of its subsidiaries out of capital or unearned
      surplus without the prior approval of the SEC;

  .   the provisions of their respective charters and bylaws; and

  .   the prior rights of holders of existing and future preferred stock,
      mortgage bonds and other long-term debt issued by the subsidiaries, and
      other restrictions in connection with other liabilities.

Conectiv is currently a holding company registered under the 1935 Act and is
subject to similar restrictions.

                   A CAUTION ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

   Forward-looking statements have been made in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The matters discussed throughout this joint proxy
statement/prospectus that are not historical facts are forward-looking. Such
statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by,
and information currently available to, management. When used herein, the words
"will," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "believe" and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements that involve estimates,
projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause
actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the
forward-looking statements.

   Examples of factors that should be considered with respect to any forward-
looking statements made throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus
include, but are not limited to, the following:

  .   prevailing governmental policies, regulatory actions, laws, and legal
      or public policy doctrines, and changes or developments in the
      foregoing;

  .   risks and uncertainties relating to delays in obtaining, or adverse
      conditions contained in, related regulatory approvals;

  .   availability and cost of capital;

  .   changes in weather patterns;

  .   changes in economic conditions;

  .   changes in and compliance with environmental and safety laws and
      policies;

  .   population growth rates and demographic patterns;

  .   competition for customers;

  .   growth in demand, sales and capacity to fulfill demand;

  .   changes in tax rates or policies or in rates of inflation;

  .   unanticipated changes in operating expenses and capital expenditures;

  .   competition for new energy delivery business opportunities and other
      opportunities;

  .   legal and administrative proceedings (whether civil or criminal) and
      settlements that influence the business and profitability of the
      companies;

  .   success in marketing services;

  .   possible development of alternative technologies;

  .   the ability to secure electric and natural gas supply to fulfill sales
      commitments at favorable prices; and

  .   the cost of fuel.

   The effects of these factors are difficult to predict. New factors emerge
from time to time and we can not assess the impact of any such factor on the
business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statement. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including, but not limited
to, the Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 and
the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001 for
each of Pepco and Conectiv (including any amendments to these reports), the
Current Reports of Pepco on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2001 and April 24, 2001
and the Current Reports of Conectiv on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2001 and May
1, 2001.

                               THE PEPCO MEETING

Date and Purpose of the Annual and Special Meetings

   Pepco is jointly holding an annual meeting for holders of Pepco common stock
and a special meeting for holders of Pepco preferred stock. We refer to these
meetings collectively as the Pepco meeting. This information is furnished by
the Pepco Board in connection with its solicitation of proxies to vote on the
matters being submitted to a vote at the meeting.

   The Pepco annual meeting is scheduled to be held on July 18, 2001, at 10:00
a.m., local time, at The Inn and Conference Center, University of Maryland
University College, 3501 University Boulevard East, Adelphi, Maryland. It may
be adjourned to another date and/or place for proper purposes. The purpose of
the annual meeting is:

  .  to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the merger agreement;

  .  to vote upon a proposal to approve the Long-Term Incentive Plan for New
     RC;

  .  to vote on the election to the Pepco Board of three directors to serve
     for three years, one director to serve for two years and one director to
     serve for one year;

  .  to vote on a stockholder proposal if it is properly brought before the
     meeting; and

  .  to conduct any other business that may properly come before the annual
     meeting.

   The Pepco special meeting is scheduled to be held, jointly with the annual
meeting, on July 18, 2001, at 10 a.m., local time, at The Inn and Conference
Center, University of Maryland University College, 3501 University Boulevard
East, Adelphi, Maryland. It may be adjourned to another date and/or place for
proper purposes. The purpose of the special meeting is to consider and vote
upon a proposal to approve the merger agreement.

   The Pepco Board has approved and adopted the merger agreement, believes that
the terms of the transaction are advisable and are fair to Pepco's
stockholders, and recommends that the stockholders of Pepco vote "FOR" approval
of the merger agreement and the related transactions, "FOR" approval of the New
RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, "FOR" the election of the directors and "AGAINST"
the stockholder proposal relating to the election of directors, if such
proposal is brought before the meeting. The completion of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement is conditioned upon, among other things,
the approval of the merger agreement by Pepco's stockholders.

Record Date for the Pepco Meeting and Who is Entitled to Vote at the Pepco
Meeting

   Pepco Record Date. The Pepco Board has fixed the close of business on May
29, 2001 as the record date for the determination of the Pepco stockholders
entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Pepco meeting. As of the Pepco
Record Date, 107,989,176 shares of Pepco common stock and 1,695,312 shares of
Pepco preferred stock were outstanding and entitled to be voted at the meeting.

   Voting Rights. Each share of Pepco common stock and each share of Pepco
preferred stock entitles its holder to one vote for each share held on the
Pepco Record Date on each matter that may properly come before the meeting.

   Quorum Requirements. In order to hold the meeting, (1) the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Pepco common stock entitled to be voted
at the meeting must be present in person or by proxy and (2) the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Pepco common stock and preferred stock
entitled to be voted at the meeting, taken together, must be present in person
or by proxy. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted as present for the
purposes of establishing a quorum. If a quorum is not present at the meeting,
management may adjourn or postpone the Pepco meeting in order to solicit
additional proxies.

   Vote Required.  The matters being voted on at the meeting are subject to the
following vote requirements:

  .  The affirmative votes of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding
     shares of Pepco common stock voting separately as a class and the
     holders of a majority of all the outstanding shares of Pepco common
     stock and Pepco preferred stock voting together as a single class are
     required to approve the merger agreement.

  .  The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Pepco
     common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to
     vote at the annual meeting is required to approve the New RC Long-Term
     Incentive Plan.

  .  Nominees for election as directors will be elected by a plurality of the
     votes cast, meaning the number of nominees for each respective class
     receiving the largest number of votes will be elected to the
     directorships being voted upon.

  .  Adoption of the stockholder proposal relating to election of directors
     requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
     of Pepco common stock present in person or represented by proxy and
     entitled to vote at the annual meeting.

   Abstentions, Failures to Vote, and Broker Non-Votes. Pepco intends to count
shares of Pepco common and preferred stock held by persons who are present in
person at the annual or special meeting but not voting, and shares of Pepco
common and preferred stock for which it has received proxies but with respect
to which holders of those shares have abstained with respect to one or more
matters, as present at the annual or special meeting, as the case may be, for
purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction
of business. Under applicable NYSE rules, brokers who hold Pepco common or
preferred stock in nominee or "street name" for customers who are the
beneficial owners of those shares are prohibited from giving a proxy to vote
shares held for those customers with respect to the merger agreement and the
New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan without specific instructions from those
customers. These unvoted shares are called "broker non-votes." Brokers who hold
Pepco common or preferred stock as nominees, however, are permitted to vote any
such shares on the other matters being submitted to a vote at the meeting.

   With respect to the merger agreement, abstentions and broker non-votes will
have the same effect as negative votes. Also, the failure to vote your shares
will also have the same effect as a negative vote. Accordingly, the Pepco Board
urges you to complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and return it
promptly in the enclosed, postage-paid envelope.

   With respect to the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, abstentions will be
deemed present and entitled to vote, but will not be counted as votes on the
New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, and therefore will have the same effect as
votes against the approval of the plan. Shares that are the subject of broker
non-votes will be counted as shares not entitled to vote.

   Abstentions will be deemed present and entitled to vote, but will not be
counted as a vote either for or against the approval of the stockholder
proposal, and therefore will have the same effect as a vote against the
approval of the stockholder proposal.

   The failure to vote your shares will have no effect on the election of
directors to the Pepco Board.

   As of April 4, 2001, the directors and executive officers of Pepco, together
with their affiliates, collectively owned beneficially approximately 308,182
shares of Pepco common stock and no shares of Pepco preferred stock, or less
than .3% of the shares entitled to vote at the annual meeting. It is currently
expected that each director or executive officer will vote the shares of Pepco
common stock beneficially owned by him or her for approval of the merger
agreement.

   Additional information with respect to beneficial ownership of Pepco common
and preferred stock by persons and entities owning more than 5% of the
outstanding shares of Pepco common and/or preferred stock and more detailed
information with respect to beneficial ownership of Pepco common and preferred
stock by directors and executive officers of Pepco is set forth under "Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" on page 137 of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Voting by Proxy and How to Revoke Your Proxy

   You may vote shares either in person or by duly authorized proxy. You may
use the proxy accompanying this joint proxy statement/prospectus if you are
unable to attend the meeting in person or you wish to have your shares voted by
proxy even if you do attend the meeting. You may revoke your proxy at any time
before the proxy is exercised (1) by delivering a written notice of revocation,
(2) by filing with the corporate secretary of Pepco a subsequently dated,
properly executed proxy, or (3) by attending the meeting and voting in person.
Your attendance at the meeting, by itself, will not constitute a revocation of
a proxy. You should address any written notices of proxy revocation to: Potomac
Electric Power Company, 1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20068,
Attention: Corporate Secretary. If your shares are held in nominee or street
name by a bank or broker, you should follow the directions on the instruction
form you receive from your bank or broker as to how to vote, change your vote,
or revoke your proxy.

   All shares of Pepco common stock represented by effective proxies on the
accompanying white form of Pepco proxy received by Pepco at or before the Pepco
meeting, and not revoked before they are exercised, will be voted at the
applicable meeting in accordance with their terms. If no instructions are
given, the Pepco proxies will be voted "FOR" the approval of the merger
agreement, "FOR" the approval of the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, "FOR" the
election of directors, and "AGAINST" the stockholder proposal relating to the
election of directors, if such proposal is brought before the meeting; and at
the discretion of the proxy holders on any other matters that properly come
before the applicable meeting.

   If you are a participant in the Pepco Shareholder Dividend Reinvestment
Plan, the white proxy card includes the shares held for your account under the
plan. Those shares will be voted, along with the other shares represented by
the proxy card, in accordance with the instructions given or, if no
instructions are indicated on a properly signed and returned proxy, in the same
manner as the other shares represented on the proxy card. If a participant in
the plan does not return a duly executed proxy card, the participant's shares
will not be voted.

   All shares of Pepco preferred stock represented by effective proxies on the
accompanying manila form of Pepco proxy received by Pepco at or before the
Pepco meeting, and not revoked before they are exercised, will be voted at the
meeting in accordance with their terms. If no instructions are given, the Pepco
proxies will be voted "FOR" the approval of the merger agreement.

   The Pepco Board is not aware of any other matters to be presented at the
Pepco annual meeting other than matters incidental to the conduct of the Pepco
annual meeting.

   We currently expect to take votes and close the polls on all proposals on
the scheduled date of the Pepco meeting. However, we may:

  .  keep the polls open to facilitate additional proxy solicitation with
     regard to any or all proposals; and/or

  .  close the polls with respect to one class of stock while leaving the
     polls open with respect to the other class of stock to permit further
     solicitation of proxies from that class.

   If either of the above occurs, we could propose one or more adjournments of
the annual meeting or special meeting. For any adjournment of either the annual
meeting or special meeting to be approved, the votes cast in favor of it must
represent a majority of the total number of votes entitled to be cast by the
holders of all classes of stock present at the meeting in person or by proxy,
voting together as a single class. Shares represented by proxies voting against
approval of the merger agreement will not be voted in favor of any proposal to
adjourn the annual or special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional
proxies for this proposal.

   If an adjournment occurs, it will have no effect on the ability of Pepco
stockholders of record as of the Pepco Record Date to exercise their voting
rights or to revoke any previously delivered proxies.

Solicitation of Proxies

   Pepco will bear the entire cost of the solicitation of proxies for the Pepco
meeting and will split with Conectiv the cost of printing and filing this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. In addition to the solicitation of proxies by mail,
officers, directors, employees and agents of Pepco may solicit proxies by
correspondence, telephone or other electronic means, or in person, but without
extra compensation. Pepco has retained Innisfree M&A Incorporated to assist it
in the solicitation of proxies for the Pepco meetings at a fee not to exceed
$30,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. Pepco will
request banks and brokers to send proxies and proxy materials to the beneficial
owners of Pepco common and preferred stock and secure their voting
instructions, and will reimburse these banks and brokers for their reasonable
charges and expenses incurred in forwarding the proxies and proxy materials.

                          THE CONECTIV ANNUAL MEETING

Date and Purpose of Annual Meeting

   The annual meeting of stockholders of Conectiv is scheduled to be held on
July 17, 2001, at The Baby Grand Theatre, The Edith and Alexander Giacco
Building, 818 N. Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware. It may be adjourned to
another date and/or place for proper purposes. The purposes of the annual
meeting are:

  .   to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement;

  .   to vote upon a proposal to approve the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan;

  .   to vote on the election of three members of the Conectiv Board to serve
      for three years; and

  .   to conduct any other business that may properly come before the annual
      meeting.

   The Conectiv Board has approved the merger agreement, believes that the
terms of the transaction are advisable and are fair to and in the best
interests of Conectiv's stockholders, and recommends that the holders of
Conectiv stock vote "FOR" adoption of the merger agreement, "FOR" approval of
the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, and "FOR" the election of the directors.
The completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement is
conditioned upon, among other things, the adoption of the merger agreement by
holders of Conectiv stock.

Record Date for the Conectiv Meeting and Who is Entitled to Vote at the
Conectiv Meeting

   Conectiv Record Date. The Conectiv Board has fixed the close of business on
May 29, 2001, as the record date for the determination of the holders of
Conectiv stock entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Conectiv
meeting. A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting will
be open to examination by the stockholders, during regular business hours, for
a period of ten days before the annual meeting at the principal executive
offices of Conectiv, 800 King Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. As of the
Conectiv Record Date, a total of approximately 87,851,316 shares are entitled
to vote. This includes approximately 82,153,315 shares of Conectiv common
stock and approximately 5,698,001 shares of Conectiv Class A common stock.
Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock are one class for
voting purposes, with each share having one vote.

   Voting Rights. Each share of Conectiv common stock and each share of
Conectiv Class A common stock entitles its holder to one vote for each share
held on the Conectiv Record Date on each matter that may properly come before
the meeting.

   Quorum Requirements. A majority of the shares issued and outstanding and
entitled to vote at the Conectiv meeting, present in person or represented at
the meeting, by telephone or Internet proxy, or by signed proxy cards, will
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Conectiv meeting.
Telephone and Internet proxies and signed and dated proxy cards count toward a
quorum, even if the stockholder abstains or does not vote on some or all of
the proposals. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted as present for the
purposes of establishing a quorum. If a quorum is not present at the meeting,
management may adjourn or postpone the Conectiv meeting in order to solicit
additional proxies.

   Vote Required. The matters being voted on at the meeting are subject to the
following vote requirements:

  .   The affirmative votes of the holders of a majority of all the
      outstanding shares of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common
      stock, voting together as a single class, are required to adopt the
      merger agreement.

  .   The affirmative votes of the holders of a majority of the shares of
      Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock, voting
      together as a single class, present in person or represented by
      telephone or Internet proxy, or by signed proxy cards, and entitled to
      vote at the annual meeting, are required to approve the New RC Long-
      Term Incentive Plan.

  .   Nominees for election as directors will be elected by a plurality of
      the votes cast, meaning the nominees receiving the largest number of
      votes will be elected for the director positions being voted upon.

   Abstentions, Failures to Vote, and Broker Non-Votes. Conectiv intends to
count shares of Conectiv stock present in person at the annual meeting but not
voting, and shares of Conectiv stock for which it has received proxies (by
telephone, by Internet, or by signed proxy cards), but with respect to which
holders of those shares have abstained, as present at the annual meeting for
purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the
transaction of business. Under applicable NYSE rules, brokers who hold
Conectiv stock in nominee or "street name" for customers who are the
beneficial owners of those shares are prohibited from giving a proxy to vote
shares held for those customers with respect to the merger agreement or the
New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan without specific instructions from those
customers. These unvoted shares are called "broker non-votes." Brokers who
hold Conectiv stock as nominees or in "street name," however, will have
discretionary authority to vote any such shares on any other matters that
properly come before the meeting.

   With respect to the merger agreement, abstentions and broker non-votes will
have the same effect as negative votes. Accordingly, the Conectiv Board urges
you to complete, date and sign the accompanying proxy and return it promptly
in the enclosed, postage-paid envelope, or to take advantage of the telephone
or Internet proxy procedures available to you.

   With respect to the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, abstentions will be
deemed present and entitled to vote, but will not be counted as votes on the
New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, and therefore will have the same effect as
votes against the approval of the plan. Shares that are the subject of broker-
non votes will be counted as shares not entitled to vote.

   The failure to vote your shares will have no effect on the election of
directors to the Conectiv Board.

   As of the Conectiv Record Date, the directors and executive officers of
Conectiv, together with their affiliates, collectively beneficially owned
approximately 381,465 shares of Conectiv common stock and 1,864 shares of
Conectiv Class A common stock, or approximately .05% of the shares entitled to
vote at the annual meeting. It is currently expected that each director or
executive officer will vote the shares of Conectiv stock beneficially owned by
him or her for approval of the merger agreement.

   Additional information with respect to beneficial ownership of Conectiv
stock by persons and entities owning more than 5% of the outstanding shares of
Conectiv stock and more detailed information with respect to beneficial
ownership of Conectiv stock by directors and executive officers of Conectiv is
included under the heading "Information About the Conectiv Annual Meeting" on
page 148.

Voting by Proxy and How to Revoke Your Proxy

   If your shares are registered in your own name, you may grant your Conectiv
proxy in one of three ways:

  1.   by telephone at 1-800-574-7149; or

  2.   over the Internet, as described on the proxy card, at
       http://proxy.shareholder.com/civ; or

  3.   mark your instructions on the enclosed proxy card, sign and date it,
       and return it in the postage-paid envelope.

   If your shares are sold through a broker or bank, please follow their
instructions about how to grant your proxy.

   Your instructions are given to the proxyholders identified on the card, who
will vote as you instruct. If you sign and date the card, but do NOT give an
instruction on a proposal, the proxyholders will vote for you on that
proposal.

   You may vote by proxy if you are unable to attend the Conectiv meeting in
person or you wish to have your shares voted by proxy even if you do attend
the annual meeting. You may revoke any proxy given by you in response to this
solicitation at any time before the proxy is exercised (1) by delivering a
written notice of revocation, (2) by filing with Conectiv a subsequently
dated, properly executed proxy, or (3) by attending the annual meeting and
electing to vote in person. If you granted a proxy by telephone or through the
Internet, you can also revoke your vote by any of these methods or you can
change your vote by voting again by telephone
or through the Internet. Finally, if you decide to vote by completing and
mailing the enclosed proxy card, you

should retain a copy of the voter control number found on the proxy card in the
event that you decide later to change or revoke your proxy by accessing the
Internet or by telephone. Your attendance at the annual meeting, by itself,
will not constitute a revocation of a proxy. You should address any written
notices of proxy revocation to: Conectiv, 800 King Street, Wilmington, Delaware
19801, Attention: Secretary.

   All shares represented by effective proxies, whether on the accompanying
form of Conectiv proxy received by Conectiv at or before the Conectiv meeting,
or through telephone or Internet proxy procedures as described on the proxy
card, and not revoked before they are exercised, will be voted at the meeting
in accordance with their terms. If no instructions are given, the Conectiv
proxies will be voted "FOR" the adoption of the merger agreement, "FOR" the
approval of the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, "FOR" the election of
directors and at the discretion of the proxyholders on any other matters that
properly come before the meeting. The Conectiv Board is not aware of any other
matters to be presented at the Conectiv meeting other than matters incidental
to the conduct of the Conectiv meeting.

   If a Conectiv stockholder is a participant in the ConectivDirect(TM) Stock
Purchase Plan, the proxy card received by the participant will include the
shares held in the participant's account under the plan, and those shares will
be voted, along with the other shares represented by the proxy card, in
accordance with the instructions given. If no instructions are indicated on an
effective proxy, such shares will be voted "FOR" the adoption of the merger
agreement, "FOR" the approval of the New RC Long-Term Incentive Plan, "FOR" the
election of directors and at the discretion of the proxyholders on any other
matters that properly come before the applicable meeting. If a participant in
the plan does not vote by an effective proxy, the participant's shares will not
be voted.

   We currently expect to take votes and close the polls on all proposals on
the scheduled date of the annual meeting. However, we may keep the polls open
to facilitate additional proxy solicitation with regard to any or all
proposals.

   If the above occurs, we could propose one or more adjournments of the annual
meeting. Under Delaware law and Conectiv's by-laws, Conectiv's Chairman may
adjourn the meeting with or without a quorum, and with or without a vote of the
stockholders present at the meeting. If the Chairman calls for an adjournment
vote at the meeting, shares represented by proxies voting against adoption of
the merger agreement will not be voted in favor of any proposal to adjourn the
meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies for this proposal.

   Conectiv does not expect to adjourn the Conectiv meeting for a period of
time long enough to require the setting of a new record date for the Conectiv
meeting. If an adjournment occurs, it will have no effect on the ability of
Conectiv stockholders of record as of the Conectiv Record Date to exercise
their voting rights or to revoke any previously delivered proxies.

Solicitation of Proxies

   Conectiv will bear the entire cost of the solicitation of proxies for the
Conectiv meeting and will split with Pepco the cost of printing and filing this
joint proxy statement/prospectus. In addition to the solicitation of proxies by
mail, officers, directors, employees and agents of Conectiv may solicit proxies
by correspondence, telephone, telegraph, telecopy or other electronic means, or
in person, but without extra compensation. Conectiv has retained Innisfree M&A
Incorporated to assist it in the solicitation of proxies for the Conectiv
meeting at a fee not to exceed $20,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-
pocket expenses and, if Conectiv requests Innisfree to make calls to, or
receive calls from, nonobjecting beneficial owners, an additional $4.50 per
such phone call. Conectiv will request banks, brokers and other record holders
to send proxies and proxy materials to the beneficial owners of Conectiv stock
and secure their voting instructions, and will reimburse these banks, brokers
and other record holders for their reasonable charges and expenses incurred in
forwarding the proxies and proxy materials. Further solicitation of proxies may
be made by telephone or oral communication with some Conectiv stockholders
following the original solicitation. All further solicitation will be made by
officers and regular employees of Conectiv who will not be additionally
compensated for their activities.

                                THE TRANSACTION

   This section of the joint proxy statement/prospectus describes aspects of
the proposed transaction, but may not include all the information that a
stockholder would like to know. The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to
this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference into
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. We urge stockholders to read the merger
agreement in its entirety.

General

   The merger agreement provides for a transaction by which Pepco and Conectiv
will become wholly owned subsidiaries of New RC. The merger agreement provides
that New RC, a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary of Pepco, will form the new
subsidiaries which will be wholly owned by New RC. At the effective time of the
transaction, one of two new subsidiaries will be merged with and into Pepco,
with Pepco as the surviving corporation. We refer to this merger as the Pepco
Merger. In addition, at the effective time of the transaction, the other new
subsidiary will be merged with and into Conectiv, with Conectiv as the
surviving corporation. We refer to this merger as the Conectiv Merger. In the
transaction, each share of Pepco common stock (or fractions of Pepco common
stock held in Pepco's dividend reinvestment plan or a 401(k) plan) will be
converted into the right to receive one share of New RC common stock (or an
equivalent fraction of New RC common stock, as applicable), and shares of
Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock will be converted into
the right to receive New RC common stock and cash. Cash payments will be made
to all Conectiv stockholders for any fractional shares due. After the
transaction, the common stockholders of Pepco and Conectiv will together own
all of the outstanding shares of common stock of New RC, and each share of each
other class of capital stock of Pepco will be unaffected and remain
outstanding. Following the transaction, New RC will register with the SEC as a
public utility holding company under the 1935 Act.

   Although the exact exchange ratio and value of the New RC common stock that
the Conectiv stockholders will receive in the transaction will not be
determined until after the stockholders have voted and shortly before the date
on which the transaction is completed, we currently estimate, based on the
number of common shares of Pepco and Conectiv currently outstanding on a fully
diluted basis, that Conectiv stockholders will own approximately 33% and Pepco
stockholders will own approximately 67% of the outstanding New RC common stock
immediately after the transaction. The transaction is expected to be tax-free
to the extent that stockholders receive New RC common stock in exchange for
their shares of Pepco common stock or Conectiv stock as the case may be.

What Stockholders will Receive

   Pepco Stockholders. In the Pepco Merger, each share of Pepco common stock
held by the stockholders of Pepco immediately prior to the effective time of
the transaction will automatically be exchanged into the right to receive one
share of common stock of New RC.

   If a Pepco common stockholder beneficially holds a fractional share of Pepco
common stock in the Pepco dividend reinvestment plan that fractional share will
be converted pursuant to the terms of the plan to an equivalent fractional
share of New RC common stock.

   Conectiv Stockholders. In the Conectiv Merger, shares of Conectiv stock held
by stockholders of Conectiv immediately prior to the effective time of the
transaction will automatically be exchanged into the right to receive the
common stock and cash merger consideration to be paid by New RC. With respect
to the merger consideration, Conectiv stockholders will be mailed a form of
election, after the Conectiv annual meeting and the Pepco annual meeting but
before the completion of the transaction, in order to make their elections.
Each holder of Conectiv stock, subject to the restrictions described below, may
elect to receive in exchange for each of his or her shares of Conectiv stock,
either:

  .   $25.00 in cash ($21.69 for the Class A common stock) or

  .   a number of shares of New RC common stock determined by the exchange
      ratio described below, which is designed to provide Conectiv
      stockholders with New RC common stock having a market value of $25.00
      ($21.69 for the Class A common stock), subject to the limitations
      described below.

Each holder of Conectiv stock may choose to exchange some or all of his or her
shares for cash and some or all for New RC common stock.

   The exchange ratio will be $25.00 divided by the volume-weighted average
(rounded to the nearest $0.0001) of the closing trading prices of Pepco common
stock on the NYSE, as reported in The Wall Street Journal, Eastern Edition, for
the 20 trading days randomly selected by lot out of 30 consecutive trading days
ending on the fifth business day immediately preceding the closing date of the
transaction (which we refer to as the Average Final Price).

   If the Average Final Price is below $19.50, the number of shares of New RC
common stock that a Conectiv stockholder will have the right to receive for
each share of Conectiv common stock that he or she holds will be fixed at
1.28205 (1.11227 for the Class A common stock) and if the Average Final Price
is above $24.50, the number of shares of New RC common stock received for each
share of Conectiv common stock will be fixed at 1.02041 (.88528 for the Class A
common stock). Therefore, if the Average Final Price is less than $19.50, then
each share of Conectiv common stock exchanged for stock consideration will
receive stock in the transaction with a value of less than $25.00 (less than
$21.69 for the Class A common stock), and if the Average Final Price is more
than $24.50, then each share of Conectiv common stock exchanged for stock
consideration will receive stock in the transaction with a value of more than
$25.00 (more than $21.69 for the Class A common stock). The actual value of
stock consideration received for each share of Conectiv stock will depend on
the Average Final Price and the market price of New RC common stock upon
completion of the transaction will not necessarily be the same as the Average
Final Price. The exchange ratio and the actual number of shares of New RC
common stock Conectiv stockholders will receive will not be determined until
after Conectiv stockholders vote on the transaction.

   Additionally, 50% of the consideration payable to Conectiv stockholders will
be paid in cash and 50% in New RC common stock. In the event that either cash
or stock is oversubscribed, the amount of each that a Conectiv stockholder will
have the right to receive upon exchange of his or her shares of Conectiv stock
will be determined through an allocation and proration formula.

   After Conectiv stockholder elections have been tabulated, the elected
amounts of cash and New RC common stock will be subject to allocation and
proration to achieve a mix of aggregate exchange consideration to Conectiv
stockholders that is 50% cash and 50% New RC common stock.

   If a Conectiv stockholder does not make an election for cash or stock
consideration, Pepco will allocate, in its discretion, the form of merger
consideration to be received by that stockholder. Pepco intends to make this
allocation so as to minimize the impact of the allocation procedure on those
stockholders who do make an election. This will be accomplished by allocating
cash to the non-electing stockholders if stock is over-subscribed, and by
allocating stock to the non-electing stockholders if cash is over-subscribed.

   Conectiv stockholders may receive significantly less cash or stock than they
elected to receive, or a different combination of cash and New RC common stock
than they elected. For more information about the allocation rules, and charts
illustrating the potential effects of the allocation procedures described
above, please see "The Merger Agreement--Procedure for Stockholder Elections"
and "The Merger Agreement--Limits on Cash and Stock Consideration and
Allocation Rules" on pages 77 and 78.

   In addition, no fractional shares of New RC common stock will be issued to
Conectiv stockholders. If a Conectiv stockholder is otherwise entitled to
receive a fractional share of New RC common stock under the exchange procedure
described above, for that fractional share the stockholder will instead have
the right to receive cash, in an amount equal to the product of (i) the
fraction of a share that would otherwise be due to the

stockholder and (ii) the last sales price per share of Pepco common stock
reported on the NYSE Composite Tape as reported in The Wall Street Journal,
Eastern Edition, on the closing date of the transaction.

How the Merger Consideration for the Conectiv Class A Common Stock Was
Determined

   The merger consideration for the Conectiv Class A common stock was
determined pursuant to the provisions of Conectiv's certificate of
incorporation. The certificate of incorporation provides that, in the event of
a merger to which Conectiv is a party, holders of Conectiv Class A common stock
will be entitled to receive the same consideration per share as the holders of
Conectiv common stock multiplied by a ratio of the time-weighted average market
values of the Conectiv Class A common stock to the Conectiv common stock.

   As applied to the transaction, this ratio equals a fraction:

 .  the numerator of which is the sum of:

   .Four times $18.3660, the average market value of one share of Conectiv
    Class A common stock over the period of five consecutive trading days
    ending on February 9, 2001, the date immediately preceding the
    announcement date of the transaction;

   .three times $16.8670, the average market value of one share of Conectiv
    Class A common stock over the period of five consecutive trading days
    ending on the fifth trading day prior to February 9, 2001;

   .two times $15.1563, the average market value of one share of Conectiv
    Class A common stock over the period of five consecutive trading days
    ending on the tenth trading day prior to February 9, 2001; and

   .$13.1813, the average market value of one share of Conectiv Class A
    common stock over the period of five consecutive trading days ending on
    the fifteenth trading day prior to February 9, 2001; and

 .  the denominator of which is the sum of:

   .four times $19.7450, the average market value of one share of Conectiv
    common stock over the first period referred to above;

   .three times $19.2100, the average market value of one share of Conectiv
    common stock over the second period referred to above;

   .two times $19.1063, the average market value of one share of Conectiv
    common stock over the third period referred to above; and

   .$18.3125, the average market value of one share of Conectiv common stock
    over the fourth period referred to above.

   Accordingly, a ratio of 0.86757 was determined by applying this time-
weighted formula, and the merger consideration for the Conectiv Class A common
stock was determined by multiplying the merger consideration for the Conectiv
common stock by 0.86757.

Illustrations of Exchange Ratio Application, Value to Be Received and
Allocation Rules

   The market price of Pepco common stock will fluctuate, and the number of
outstanding shares of Conectiv stock will change, between the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and the effective time of the transaction.
Therefore, while the number of shares of New RC common stock to be issued in
the transaction can be estimated, the precise number cannot be determined at
this time.

   The following tables contain examples of the exchange ratio and cash and
stock consideration to be received by Conectiv stockholders in the transaction,
based on various hypothetical Average Final Prices of Pepco common stock and
assuming that a Conectiv stockholder who owns 100 shares of Conectiv common
stock or 100 shares of Conectiv Class A common stock elected to receive 50%
cash and 50% shares of New RC common

stock as consideration and no proration occurred. The examples provided assume
that the market price of a share of New RC common stock on the day the
transaction is completed is equal to the Average Final Price of Pepco common
stock. For each hypothetical Average Final Price, the table indicates:

  .   the corresponding exchange ratio;

  .   the number and dollar value of whole shares of New RC common stock that
      a Conectiv stockholder would receive;

  .   the amount of cash a Conectiv stockholder would receive for any
      fractional share;

  .   the amount of cash consideration that a Conectiv stockholder would
      receive; and

  .   the total value of the cash and stock consideration that a Conectiv
      stockholder would receive.

       Illustrations of Exchange Ratio Application and the Value of Cash
 and Stock Consideration to Be Received for 100 Shares of Conectiv Common Stock

                                         Number of   Value of New    Cash         Cash
                     Assumed               New RC         RC      Payment for Consideration  Total Value
                      Pepco    Exchange Shares to be Shares to be Fractional      to be     to be Received
                   Share Price  Ratio     Received     Received      Share      Received    per 100 Shares
                   ----------- -------- ------------ ------------ ----------- ------------- --------------

                     $15.00    1.28205       64       $  960.00     $ 1.54      $1,250.00     $2,211.54
                     $16.00    1.28205       64       $1,024.00     $ 1.64      $1,250.00     $2,275.64
 walk-away right     $16.50    1.28205       64       $1,056.00     $ 1.69      $1,250.00     $2,307.69
                     $17.00    1.28205       64       $1,088.00     $ 1.74      $1,250.00     $2,339.74
                     $18.00    1.28205       64       $1,152.00     $ 1.84      $1,250.00     $2,403.85
                     $19.00    1.28205       64       $1,216.00     $ 1.95      $1,250.00     $2,467.95
 collar              $19.50    1.28205       64       $1,248.00     $ 2.00      $1,250.00     $2,500.00
                     $20.00    1.25000       62       $1,240.00     $10.00      $1,250.00     $2,500.00
                     $21.00    1.19048       59       $1,239.00     $11.00      $1,250.00     $2,500.00
                     $21.50    1.16280       58       $1,247.00     $ 3.00      $1,250.00     $2,500.00
                     $22.00    1.13636       56       $1,232.00     $18.00      $1,250.00     $2,500.00
                     $23.00    1.08696       54       $1,242.00     $ 8.00      $1,250.00     $2,500.00
                     $24.00    1.04168       52       $1,248.00     $ 2.00      $1,250.00     $2,500.00
 collar              $24.50    1.02042       51       $1,249.50     $ 0.50      $1,250.00     $2,500.00
                     $25.00    1.02042       51       $1,275.00     $ 0.51      $1,250.00     $2,525.51
                     $26.00    1.02042       51       $1,326.00     $ 0.53      $1,250.00     $2,576.53
                     $27.00    1.02042       51       $1,377.00     $ 0.55      $1,250.00     $2,627.55
                     $28.00    1.02042       51       $1,428.00     $ 0.57      $1,250.00     $2,678.57
                     $29.00    1.02042       51       $1,479.00     $ 0.59      $1,250.00     $2,729.59
                     $30.00    1.02042       51       $1,530.00     $ 0.61      $1,250.00     $2,780.62
                     $21.89*   1.14207       57       $1,247.73     $ 2.27      $1,250.00     $2,500.00

- --------

*   On May 29, 2001, the last full trading day before the date of this joint
    proxy statement/prospectus, the Average Final Price of Pepco common stock
    was $21.89.

       Illustrations of Exchange Ratio Application and the Value of Cash
            and Stock Consideration to Be Received for 100 Shares of
                         Conectiv Class A Common Stock

                                         Number of   Value of New    Cash         Cash
                     Assumed               New RC         RC      Payment for Consideration  Total Value
                      Pepco    Exchange Shares to be Shares to be Fractional      to Be     to be Received
                   Share Price  Ratio     Received     Received      Share      Received    per 100 Shares
                   ----------- -------- ------------ ------------ ----------- ------------- --------------

                     $15.00    1.11228       55       $  825.00     $ 9.20      $1,084.46      $1,918.67
                     $16.00    1.11228       55       $  880.00     $ 9.82      $1,084.46      $1,974.28
 walk-away right     $16.50    1.11228       55       $  907.50     $10.12      $1,084.46      $2,002.09
                     $17.00    1.11228       55       $  935.00     $10.43      $1,084.46      $2,029.89
                     $18.00    1.11228       55       $  990.00     $11.04      $1,084.46      $2,085.51
                     $19.00    1.11228       54       $1,026.00     $ 4.24      $1,084.46      $2,114.70
 collar              $19.50    1.11228       55       $1,072.50     $11.96      $1,084.46      $2,168.93
                     $20.00    1.08446       54       $1,080.00     $ 4.46      $1,084.46      $2,168.92
                     $21.00    1.03282       51       $1,071.00     $13.46      $1,084.46      $2,168.92
                     $21.50    1.00880       50       $1,075.00     $ 9.46      $1,084.46      $2,168.92
                     $22.00    0.98588       49       $1,078.00     $ 6.47      $1,084.46      $2,168.93
                     $23.00    0.94302       47       $1,081.00     $ 3.46      $1,084.46      $2,168.92
                     $24.00    0.90372       45       $1,080.00     $ 4.46      $1,084.46      $2,168.93
 collar              $24.50    0.88528       44       $1,078.00     $ 6.47      $1,084.46      $2,168.93
                     $25.00    0.88528       44       $1,100.00     $ 6.60      $1,084.46      $2,191.06
                     $26.00    0.88528       44       $1,144.00     $ 6.86      $1,084.46      $2,235.33
                     $27.00    0.88528       44       $1,188.00     $ 7.13      $1,084.46      $2,279.59
                     $28.00    0.88528       44       $1,232.00     $ 7.39      $1,084.46      $2,323.85
                     $29.00    0.88528       44       $1,276.00     $ 7.66      $1,084.46      $2,368.12
                     $30.00    0.88528       44       $1,320.00     $ 7.92      $1,084.46      $2,412.38
                     $21.89*   0.99086       49       $1,072.61     $11.86      $1,084.46      $2,168.93

- --------

*   On May 29, 2001, the last full trading day before the date of this joint
    proxy statement/prospectus, the Average Final Price of Pepco common stock
    was $21.89.

Illustration of Potential Effects of Allocation Procedures

   The tables below illustrate the potential effects of the allocation
procedures described above and in "Limits on Cash and Stock Consideration and
Allocation Rules" on page 78, on a holder of 100 shares of Conectiv common
stock, and on a holder of 100 shares of Conectiv Class A common stock, who, in
each case, elects (1) in the case of Tables 1 and 2, to receive stock
consideration with respect to all 100 shares of Conectiv common stock and
Conectiv Class A common stock, respectively, and (2) in the case of Tables 3
and 4, to receive cash consideration with respect to all 100 shares of Conectiv
common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock, respectively. All tables assume
an exchange ratio of 1.28205 for the Conectiv common stock and 1.11227 for the
Conectiv Class A common stock, based on the assumption that the Average Final
Price would be $19.50. The tables below are for purposes of illustration only,
and are based on the assumptions described in the tables and where we describe
the allocation rules. The actual amounts of stock consideration and/or cash
consideration to be received by a Conectiv stockholder may differ based on the
actual exchange ratio and the actual elections made by all Conectiv
stockholders in the aggregate.

                                    TABLE 1

           Illustration of Potential Effects of Allocation Procedures
               on A Holder of 100 Shares of Conectiv Common Stock
           Who Makes a Stock Election With Respect to All 100 Shares

  Column 1:     Column 2:    Column 3:        Column 4:        Column 5:       Column 6:
                          Number of Shares Number of Shares
Percentage of               of Conectiv      of Conectiv
all Shares of               Common Stock     Common Stock   Number of New RC   Amount of
Conectiv Stock              Allocated to     Allocated to   Shares Received      Cash
 Making Stock   Exchange       Stock             Cash           as Stock     Consideration
   Election       Ratio   Consideration/1/ Consideration/2/ Consideration/3/  Received/4/

      15%        1.28205     100.00000                0           128          $       0
      30%        1.28205     100.00000                0           128          $       0
      50%        1.28205     100.00000                0           128          $       0
      65%        1.28205      76.92308         23.07692            98          $  576.93
      80%        1.28205      62.50000         37.50000            80          $  937.50
     100%        1.28205      50.00000         50.00000            64          $1,250.00

- --------
/1 /Calculated by dividing the 50% of the number of shares of Conectiv stock
   issued and outstanding as of the effective time by the number of shares of
   Conectiv stock as to which stock consideration is elected, and multiplying
   by 100 shares.
/2 /Calculated by subtracting the number of shares in column 3 from 100.
/3 /Calculated by multiplying the assumed exchange ratio in column 2 by the
   number of shares of Conectiv common stock allocated to stock consideration
   in column 3 and excluding any fractional shares (in lieu of which cash will
   be paid).
/4 /Calculated by multiplying the number of shares of Conectiv common stock
   allocated to cash consideration in column 4 by $25.00. Payments in respect
   of fractional shares are not taken into account in the table but would be
   paid in cash.

                                    TABLE 2

           Illustration of Potential Effects Of Allocation Procedures
           on A Holder of 100 Shares of Conectiv Class A Common Stock
           Who Makes a Stock Election With Respect to All 100 Shares

  Column 1:     Column 2:    Column 3:        Column 4:       Column 5:       Column 6:
                                              Number of
                          Number of Shares    Shares of
Percentage of               of Conectiv    Conectiv Class
all Shares of              Class A Common  A Common Stock  Number of New RC   Amount of
Conectiv Stock            Stock Allocated   Allocated to   Shares Received      Cash
 Making Stock   Exchange      to Stock          Cash           as Stock     Consideration
   Election       Ratio   Consideration/1/ Consideration/2 Consideration/3/  Received/4/

      15%        1.11227     100.00000               0           111          $       0
      30%        1.11227     100.00000               0           111          $       0
      50%        1.11227     100.00000               0           111          $       0
      65%        1.11227      76.92308        23.07692            85          $  500.53
      80%        1.11227      62.50000        37.50000            69          $  813.38
     100%        1.11227      50.00000        50.00000            55          $1,084.50

- --------
/1 /Calculated by dividing 50% of the number of shares of Conectiv stock issued
   and outstanding as of the effective time by the number of shares of Conectiv
   stock as to which stock consideration is elected, and multiplying by 100
   shares.
/2 /Calculated by subtracting the number of shares in column 3 from 100.
/3 /Calculated by multiplying the assumed exchange ratio in column 2 by the
   number of shares of Conectiv Class A common stock allocated to stock
   consideration in column 3 and excluding any fractional shares (in lieu of
   which cash will be paid).
/4 /Calculated by multiplying the number of shares of Conectiv Class A common
   stock allocated to cash consideration in column 4 by $     21.69. Payments in
   respect of fractional shares are not taken into account in the table but
   would be paid in cash.

                                    TABLE 3

           Illustration of Potential Effects of Allocation Procedures
               on A Holder of 100 Shares of Conectiv Common Stock
            Who Makes a Cash Election With Respect to All 100 Shares

  Column 1:     Column 2:    Column 3:        Column 4:        Column 5:       Column 6:
                          Number of Shares Number of Shares
Percentage of               of Conectiv      of Conectiv
all Shares of               Common Stock        Common      Number of New RC   Amount of
Conectiv Stock              Allocated to   Stock Allocated  Shares Received      Cash
 Making Cash    Exchange        Cash           to Stock         as Stock     Consideration
   Election       Ratio   Consideration/1/ Consideration/2/ Consideration/3/  Received/4/

      15%        1.28205     100.00000                0             0          $2,500.00
      30%        1.28205     100.00000                0             0          $2,500.00
      50%        1.28205     100.00000                0             0          $2,500.00
      65%        1.28205      76.92308         23.07692            29          $1,923.08
      80%        1.28205      62.50000         37.50000            48          $1,562.50
     100%        1.28205      50.00000         50.00000            64          $1,250.00

- --------
/1 /Calculated by dividing 50% of the number of shares of Conectiv stock issued
   and outstanding as of the effective time by the number of shares of Conectiv
   stock as to which cash consideration is elected and multiplying by 100
   shares.
/2 /Calculated by subtracting the number of shares in column 3 from 100.
/3 /Calculated by multiplying the assumed exchange ratio in column 2 by the
   number of shares of Conectiv common stock allocated to stock consideration
   in column 4 and excluding any fractional shares (in lieu of which cash will
   be paid).
/4 /Calculated by multiplying the number of shares of Conectiv common stock
   allocated to cash consideration in column 3 by $25.00. Payments in respect
   of fractional shares are not taken into account in the table but would be
   paid in cash.

                                    TABLE 4

           Illustration of Potential Effects of Allocation Procedures
           on A Holder of 100 Shares of Conectiv Class A Common Stock
            Who Makes a Cash Election With Respect to All 100 Shares

  Column 1:     Column 2:    Column 3:        Column 4:        Column 5:       Column 6:
                          Number of Shares Number of Shares
Percentage of               of Conectiv      of Conectiv
all Shares of              Class A Common   Class A Common  Number of New RC   Amount of
Conectiv Stock            Stock Allocated  Stock Allocated  Shares Received      Cash
 Making Cash    Exchange      to Cash          to Stock         as Stock     Consideration
   Election       Ratio   Consideration/1/ Consideration/2/ Consideration/3/  Received/4/

      15%        1.11227     100.00000                0             0          $2,169.00
      30%        1.11227     100.00000                0             0          $2,169.00
      50%        1.11227     100.00000                0             0          $2,169.00
      65%        1.11227      76.92308         23.07692            25          $1,668.46
      80%        1.11227      62.50000         37.50000            41          $1,355.63
     100%        1.11227      50.00000         50.00000            55          $1,084.50

- --------
/1 /Calculated by dividing 50% of the number of shares of Conectiv stock issued
   and outstanding as of the effective time by the number of shares of Conectiv
   stock as to which cash consideration is elected and multiplying by 100
   shares.
/2 /Calculated by subtracting the number of shares in column 3 from 100.
/3 /Calculated by multiplying the assumed exchange ratio in column 2 by the
   number of shares of Conectiv Class A common stock allocated to stock
   consideration in column 4 and excluding any fractional shares (in lieu of
   which cash will be paid).
/4 /Calculated by multiplying the number of shares of Conectiv Class A common
   stock allocated to cash consideration in column 3 by $     21.69. Payments in
   respect of fractional shares are not taken into account in the table but
   would be paid in cash.

Conectiv "Walk-Away" Right and Pepco "Top-Up" Right

   Subject to the rights of Pepco, as described below, Conectiv has the right
to terminate the transaction if the Average Final Price is less than $16.50,
which is approximately 22.90% lower than the 20-day average closing price of
Pepco common stock on February 8, 2001, the last trading day before the
execution of the merger agreement on February 9, 2001, and is 24.62% lower than
the Average Final Price of Pepco common stock on May 29, 2001. If the Average
Final Price is $16.50, Conectiv common stock would receive New RC common stock
with a market value of approximately $21.15 per share ($18.35 per share for the
Conectiv Class A common stock). The $16.50 threshold for the walk-away right
will be appropriately adjusted for any adjustments to the number of shares of
Pepco common stock outstanding that may occur between February 9, 2001 and the
closing of the transaction, such as in a stock split.

   Notwithstanding Conectiv's right to terminate the merger agreement if the
Average Final Price is less than $16.50, before Conectiv may terminate the
merger agreement for that reason, it must give written notice to Pepco of its
intention to terminate, and the termination will be effective at the close of
business on the second business day following the delivery of the notice,
unless Pepco, at its option, chooses to increase the consideration that will be
paid to Conectiv's stockholders for their shares of Conectiv stock. Pepco has
the option of supplementing (or "topping up") the stock portion of the merger
consideration by (i) adjusting the exchange ratio so as to provide Conectiv's
stockholders with New RC common stock having a value of $21.15 for each share
of Conectiv common stock and $18.35 for each share of Conectiv Class A common
stock, (ii) maintaining the exchange ratio and paying additional cash to the
stockholders entitled to receive New RC common stock so that they receive a
total value of $21.15 for each share of Conectiv common stock and $18.35 for
each share of Conectiv Class A common stock, or (iii) undertaking a combination
of (i) and (ii), provided that any such combination must be in the same
proportion with respect to the Conectiv common stock and the Conectiv Class A
common stock.

   It is not possible to know until the fifth trading day before the closing of
the transaction if the Average Final Price of Pepco common stock will be less
than $16.50. Neither Pepco nor Conectiv can predict whether or not the Conectiv
Board would exercise its right to give notice to Pepco that Conectiv wished to
terminate the transaction, or whether Pepco would exercise its top-up right, if
the Average Final Price were less than $16.50. In making a decision whether to
terminate the merger agreement, the Conectiv Board would carefully consider
whether the transaction continued to be fair to and in the best interests of
Conectiv's stockholders. In making a decision to top-up the merger
consideration, the Pepco Board would carefully consider whether the
transaction, as adjusted for the additional consideration, continued to be fair
to and in the best interests of Pepco's stockholders.

   The merger agreement does not provide for a resolicitation of Conectiv
stockholders in the event that the Average Final Price is less than $16.50 and
the Conectiv Board nevertheless chooses to complete the transaction. Therefore,
adoption of the merger agreement by the Conectiv stockholders at the Conectiv
annual meeting will give the Conectiv Board the ability, to be exercised in
accordance with its fiduciary duties, to complete the transaction even if the
Average Final Price is less than $16.50 without any further action by, or
resolicitation of, the Conectiv stockholders.

   If the Pepco Board exercises its top-up right, this could result in Pepco's
stockholders owning materially less than 67% of the combined company, as they
are presently anticipated to do. The merger agreement does not provide for a
resolicitation of Pepco stockholders in the event that the Average Final Price
is less than $16.50 and the Pepco Board chooses to exercise its top-up rights.
Therefore, adoption of the merger agreement by the Pepco stockholders at the
Pepco meeting will give the Pepco Board the ability, to be exercised in
accordance with its fiduciary duties, to exercise the top-up right and complete
the transaction without any further action by, or resolicitation of, the Pepco
stockholders. In addition, the merger agreement does not require that the Pepco
Board obtain an updated fairness opinion prior to exercising its top-up right.
The Pepco Board will make an independent determination, in the event that the
top-up right becomes exercisable, as to whether or not to exercise the top-up
right and whether or not to seek a new fairness opinion at that time.

Background of the Transaction

   Over the past several years, Pepco has carefully monitored market and
regulatory developments in the electric utility industry that have
substantially increased competition in all sectors of the industry and analyzed
how best to position itself in this changing environment. In 1999, Pepco
announced a strategy of being an electricity delivery company with growing
energy and telecommunications retail businesses. Pepco determined that it was
not big enough to achieve the economies of scale that would be needed in the
long term to compete effectively in the rapidly consolidating nationwide
generation business. As a result, Pepco decided to sell the bulk of the
generation facilities it then owned in an auction process, which was completed
in late 2000 and early 2001. The strategy announced by Pepco involves the
continued operation and expansion of an electric distribution system in the
mid-Atlantic region as well as the development of energy and telecommunications
retail operations, in each case through both internal growth and acquisitions.

   Since the commencement of operations of Conectiv in 1998, the Conectiv Board
has carefully followed the developments in the electric and natural gas
industries. The Conectiv Board, with the assistance of management, has
regularly reviewed the on-going restructuring of the energy industry and has
evaluated Conectiv's strategy in this context. After much consideration and
review, and taking into account the legislative developments in Delaware,
Maryland and New Jersey, the Conectiv Board adopted a strategy of disposing of
Conectiv's interests in nuclear generating plants and those fossil fuel-fired
generating plants, which are operated as much as possible to serve customer
demand and to maintain the integrity of the power grid in the Conectiv service
territory (baseload plants) and developing new generation plants, which only
operate when demand reaches a determined level (mid-merit generation plants).
These new plants will be interconnected with the transmission system in the
region of Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Maryland which is operated by the PJM
Interconnection, L.L.C. (the PJM Interconnection region). PJM Interconnection,
L.L.C. is a non-profit limited liability company governed by representation
from various sectors of the electric industry.

   Between January and July 2000, in the course of several meetings, the
Conectiv Board, together with Conectiv's management and financial advisor,
Credit Suisse First Boston, continued to evaluate the potential impact of
various versions of the mid-merit generation strategy, including a plan
requiring significant accelerated capital spending, on Conectiv. As the
Conectiv Board weighed the potential risks and benefits of various versions of
the mid-merit generation strategy, the Conectiv Board determined that it should
begin to consider the risks and benefits of a possible business combination
involving Conectiv as another potential strategic alternative. In this regard,
Credit Suisse First Boston outlined for the Conectiv Board the process for
soliciting proposals from potentially interested parties if the Conectiv Board
decided to explore a possible business combination, and management and Credit
Suisse First Boston discussed with the Conectiv Board potential strategic and
financial parties who might have an interest in such a transaction. During
these months, the Conectiv Board did not take any formal action relating to any
potential strategic alternatives and determined that remaining independent and
continuing to pursue the mid-merit generation strategy and existing long-term
plans remained an alternative that was available depending on the results of
further evaluation.

   During the spring of 2000, an ad hoc committee consisting of independent
outside directors met several times to review in greater detail the possible
acceleration of the mid-merit generation strategy. In June 2000, based on the
recommendation of this ad hoc committee, the Conectiv Board instructed
management to preserve the option of accelerating the implementation of the
mid-merit generation strategy. At that time, the Conectiv Board also appointed
another ad hoc committee of three independent outside directors to evaluate
other strategic alternatives and authorized the retention by the ad hoc
committee of outside advisors to assist in this evaluation. This second
committee selected Credit Suisse First Boston as financial advisor and Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett as special legal counsel on behalf of the Conectiv Board in
connection with the evaluation of potential strategic alternatives.

   In August 2000, following several meetings with Credit Suisse First Boston
and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, the second ad hoc committee authorized Credit
Suisse First Boston, with the consent of the Conectiv Board, to make
preliminary contact with likely possible transaction candidates. In August,
Credit Suisse First Boston contacted 10 potential domestic bidders, including
Pepco, and 5 potential foreign bidders. Thereafter, several additional parties
were contacted. The parties contacted were selected by Conectiv's management,
in consultation with Credit Suisse First Boston, based on their perceived
interest in entering into a business combination transaction with Conectiv,
their potential ability to consummate such a transaction and the potential
benefits of such a transaction to Conectiv's stockholders.

   When contacted in August 2000 in connection with the process established by
Conectiv, Pepco's management determined that a business combination with
Conectiv was consistent with Pepco's announced regionally-based strategy and,
in October 2000, entered into a confidentiality agreement with Conectiv in
order to participate in the process. At that time, Pepco engaged LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. to act as its legal counsel and Merrill Lynch to act as
its financial advisor in the process.

   On September 8, 2000, the Conectiv Board convened to review, among other
matters, a report of the ad hoc committee relating to its evaluation of
potential strategic alternatives. Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
reviewed for the Conectiv Board the recent performance of utility stocks and
recent mergers and acquisitions activity in the utility industry and reported
that 10 parties had expressed interest in participating in a business
combination with Conectiv. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed a potential
timeline for the process of soliciting transaction bids. Representatives of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett then reviewed for the Conectiv Board its fiduciary
duties in the context of commencing a process which could lead to a merger or
acquisition transaction. After discussion, the Conectiv Board approved the
recommendation of the ad hoc committee to commence a process for soliciting
transaction proposals.

   Beginning in October 2000, with the assistance of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
and Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP, Conectiv's legal counsel, Conectiv
negotiated and entered into confidentiality and standstill agreements with 13
parties, including Pepco, for the purpose of facilitating the delivery of
confidential information regarding Conectiv to the parties who expressed an
interest in receiving such information.

Beginning on October 14, 2000, each party that had entered into a
confidentiality and standstill agreement received a confidential information
memorandum relating to Conectiv and a letter inviting submission of preliminary
indications of interest by November 13, 2000.

   On October 26, 2000, the Pepco Board met to review the potential
transaction. John M. Derrick, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Dennis
R. Wraase, at that time President and Chief Financial Officer and William T.
Torgerson, at that time Senior Vice President, External Affairs and General
Counsel, together with representatives from Merrill Lynch and LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. reported to the Pepco Board on the process established
by Conectiv and the status of due diligence review of Conectiv's operations.
The Pepco Board discussed the terms of a potential indication of interest to be
submitted by Pepco to Conectiv and authorized management to proceed with the
indication of interest, with the understanding that any final offer would be
subject to satisfactory completion of due diligence, negotiation of a
definitive merger agreement and approval by the Pepco Board.

   On November 13, 2000, Conectiv received preliminary indications of interest
from six parties for the acquisition of Conectiv. Among the parties expressing
an interest was Pepco.

   On November 17, 2000, at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Conectiv
Board, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston discussed with the
Conectiv Board the preliminary indications of interest received. The Conectiv
Board decided to continue discussions with five of the initial bidders whose
preliminary proposals offered the highest consideration for the Conectiv
stockholders. The Conectiv Board authorized the process to continue but noted
that it was preserving the option to remain independent, including the option
to continue to implement the mid-merit business plan on an accelerated basis.

   On November 27, 2000, additional confidential materials were distributed to
the five bidders who were invited to continue participating in the process.
Thereafter, in December 2000 and January 2001, Conectiv's management made
presentations to such parties concerning Conectiv and its business operations
and responded to detailed due diligence inquiries.

   On December 5, 2000, the Conectiv Board, at its regularly scheduled meeting,
continued its strategic review process and discussed with management and
representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston the bidders remaining in the
process. Since many of the remaining bidders, including Pepco, had indicated a
desire to pay for the transaction at least partly in stock, Credit Suisse First
Boston also gave an overview of potential "collar" structures and related
issues. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett informed the directors of the material terms
of the draft merger agreement which would be distributed to bidders. Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett explained to the Conectiv Board that the draft merger
agreement would provide for a part cash and part stock consideration and a
fixed value formula without a collar for determining the amount of stock
consideration. Simpson Thacher & Bartlett also explained that the draft merger
agreement would provide that the merger consideration payable to the holders of
the Conectiv Class A common stock would be determined in accordance with
Conectiv's certificate of incorporation.

   On separate occasions between December 2000 and the time the merger
agreement was executed, the Audit Committee of the Conectiv Board met to
consult with Conectiv's legal and financial advisors and to discuss the
Conectiv Board's fiduciary duties, the provisions of Conectiv's certificate of
incorporation and the anticipated terms of the merger agreement, the financial
implications of a business combination and other matters, in each case as they
related to the Conectiv Class A common stock.

   On January 12, 2001, the remaining transaction candidates were sent a letter
outlining the procedures for submitting a final bid for Conectiv, accompanied
by a draft merger agreement prepared by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett.

   On January 23, 2001, a meeting of the Conectiv Board was convened to update
the Conectiv Board on the process for soliciting transaction proposals.
Representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston informed the Conectiv Board that
two of the five parties invited to continue in the process had elected to
withdraw from the process. Credit Suisse First Boston then provided the
Conectiv Board with additional information relating to the

three parties, including Pepco, remaining in the process. Credit Suisse First
Boston reported that one of the three remaining bidders had indicated that it
was not prepared to bid for the entire company alone and accordingly was
exploring an on-sale disposition of Conectiv's generation assets to another
party in order to make a bid. Representatives of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett
then provided a review of the material legal issues that might arise in
negotiations with any of the three remaining bidders, including potential
proposals containing collars. Howard Cosgrove, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of Conectiv, and other members of management provided the
Conectiv Board with a regulatory assessment of a potential transaction with
each of the remaining parties. Potter, Anderson & Corroon LLP and Simpson
Thacher & Bartlett further informed the Conectiv Board of its fiduciary duties
in the context of this process and discussed with the Conectiv Board the
provisions of the certificate of incorporation regarding the treatment of
Conectiv Class A common stock.

   On January 24, 2001, Conectiv received an unsolicited letter from a party
expressing interest in acquiring Conectiv. On January 26, 2001, Conectiv's
legal and financial advisors met with this party and its financial and legal
advisors to explore whether a transaction was feasible and the potential timing
of any such transaction. The preliminary price level expressed by this party
was in the high range of the remaining three parties' indications of interest.
This party, however, had not performed due diligence and informed Conectiv's
advisors that it had not yet obtained commitments for the equity or debt
financing required to complete a transaction. This party further advised that
it would require at least another month to complete due diligence and be in a
position to make a definitive proposal and begin to negotiate a definitive
agreement.

   At the Pepco Board's regularly scheduled meeting on January 25, 2001,
following conclusion of the Pepco Board's regularly scheduled business,
representatives of LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. discussed the duties
of the Pepco Board in considering the submission of a bid to Conectiv as well
as the terms of the proposed merger agreement to be included as part of the bid
package. Representatives of Merrill Lynch discussed the proposed bid to be
submitted to Conectiv. In addition, Messrs. Derrick and Wraase (who in the
interim had been promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer), discussed
the financial and strategic benefits and risks of the proposed transaction in
the context of Pepco's business plans and the results of Pepco's due diligence
review as described in more detail under the caption "Recommendation of the
Pepco Board" on page 46. After considering these discussions as well as the
recommendation of Pepco's management, the Pepco Board authorized management to
submit a bid and, if successful, to enter into a transaction with Conectiv
substantially in the form provided in the bid. The Pepco Board authorized
management to negotiate final terms for a transaction with Conectiv, but
required further consultation with the Pepco Board regarding any material
changes from the bid proposal. The Pepco Board also discussed the rationale
behind a potential common stock dividend reduction and share repurchase program
which was then under consideration and its relationship to the proposed
acquisition of Conectiv should the bid be successful.

   On January 29, 2001, the deadline for all proposals under Conectiv's
process, Pepco submitted a final bid to acquire Conectiv at a price of $24.00
per share of Conectiv common stock. Under Pepco's proposal, half of the
consideration would consist of cash and the other half would consist of stock,
with the stock consideration subject to a collar. The Pepco bid also stated
that Pepco would, simultaneously with the execution of the merger agreement,
announce a reduction of its dividend and a share repurchase program.

   Conectiv did not receive final proposals from the two other remaining
participants in the process. One such participant indicated that its efforts to
collaborate on a bid with a third party purchaser of generation assets were not
successful and thus it would be prepared, with additional due diligence, to
make an offer to purchase only Conectiv's transmission and distribution assets.
The proposed third party purchaser of the generation assets also submitted a
separate letter expressing interest in acquiring the generation assets with an
indicated pricing level that was not considered attractive. The other
participant in this process, a foreign utility company, indicated that it was
not yet prepared to make a final bid because aspects of the transaction were
continuing to be reviewed by its senior executives and that it could not
provide a definitive timeframe for submitting a proposal.

   On January 31, 2001, a telephonic meeting of the Conectiv Board was
convened. At this meeting, the Conectiv Board was briefed by Conectiv's
management and legal and financial advisors on the material aspects of Pepco's
bid, the status of the other two participants and the recent unsolicited
inquiry. After this discussion, the Conectiv Board determined that, in light of
the unattractiveness of selling only a portion of Conectiv and the preliminary
and conditional nature of the unsolicited inquiry, the time and resources it
would take to explore a transaction with either of such parties would delay or
hinder Conectiv's ability to negotiate with Pepco and could jeopardize
negotiation of a transaction with Pepco. The Conectiv Board authorized
management and its advisors to commence negotiations with Pepco, particularly
with respect to increasing the consideration for Conectiv's stockholders, and
also directed Credit Suisse First Boston to ascertain whether a definitive bid
would be forthcoming from the potential foreign bidder. The Conectiv Board
requested that it be kept informed of these negotiations as well as
developments with respect to any other potential bidders.

   On February 2, 2001, at the direction of the Conectiv Board, representatives
of Credit Suisse First Boston contacted representatives of Merrill Lynch, to
convey that a price of $24.00 per share of Conectiv common stock was not
sufficient and to identify other aspects of Pepco's proposal that raised
material issues for Conectiv. Later that day, Merrill Lynch indicated that
Pepco was prepared to pay $24.50 per share of Conectiv common stock in cash and
stock. Over the next few days, representatives of Credit Suisse First Boston
and Merrill Lynch continued to hold discussions on price, the proposed collar
and the material adverse effect provision.

   Prior to the end of that week, in accordance with the instructions of the
Conectiv Board, Credit Suisse First Boston attempted to ascertain from the
potential foreign bidder and its financial advisors whether it would eventually
submit a definitive bid, but was unable to obtain any assurances as to the
timing or likelihood of any such bid being made.

   On February 5, 2001, Mr. Cosgrove contacted Mr. Derrick, and stated that
Conectiv was not prepared to negotiate and execute a merger agreement with
Pepco at a price below $25.00 per share of Conectiv common stock. Mr. Cosgrove
and Mr. Derrick also discussed, among other matters, the status of
negotiations, regulatory risks and the number of directors from the Conectiv
Board that should serve on New RC's Board to increase representation by
directors resident in or otherwise familiar with the service territories of
Conectiv's utility subsidiaries. Later that evening, Mr. Derrick called Mr.
Cosgrove to convey that Pepco would agree to the $25.00 per share price
requested by Conectiv subject to satisfactory resolution of the other remaining
open issues.

   On February 6, 2001, Simpson Thacher & Bartlett sent to LeBoeuf, Lamb,
Greene & MacRae, L.L.P. a revised draft of the merger agreement reflecting the
prior conversations between the chief executive officers and financial advisors
as well as revisions reflecting Conectiv's response to certain aspects of
Pepco's proposal. Between the evenings of February 6 and February 9, 2001,
representatives of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP
and LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P., along with Conectiv's and Pepco's
management and financial advisors, met at the offices of Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett to negotiate the merger agreement. During the same period, Conectiv's
management and financial advisors received additional information with respect
to Pepco's dividend reduction and share repurchase program and completed their
due diligence of Pepco.

   On February 8, 2001, the Conectiv Board met to consider and review the terms
of the proposed transaction with Pepco. Representatives of Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett and Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP reviewed for the Conectiv Board its
fiduciary and other legal duties, including duties with respect to the Conectiv
Class A common stock. Mr. Cosgrove reviewed the status of discussions with
Pepco and made a presentation with respect to management's recommendation that
the Conectiv Board approve the proposed transaction with Pepco if the remaining
issues could be resolved in a manner satisfactory to Conectiv. Management then
provided a regulatory assessment of the proposed transaction. Credit Suisse
First Boston then reviewed with the Conectiv Board its financial analysis of
the merger consideration payable in the transaction. Management and Credit
Suisse First Boston also reported on the due diligence that had been conducted
on Pepco. Credit Suisse First Boston also reported that there were no further
developments with respect to other potential bidders. Representatives of
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett then reviewed in detail for the Conectiv Board the
terms of the proposed merger agreement and the other legal aspects of the Pepco
transaction.

   At this meeting, the Conectiv Board discussed, among other matters, the
risks and benefits of the Pepco proposal, taking into account the matters
described above. The Conectiv Board also considered the alternative of
remaining independent and implementing the mid-merit strategy in that context,
along with the execution risks relating to such strategy in light of the
significant investments required by Conectiv going forward in the deregulated
energy markets. After additional discussion and deliberation, the Conectiv
Board authorized management and the advisors to complete the negotiation of
the merger agreement.

   On February 9, 2001, the parties reached agreement on all of the remaining
terms of the merger agreement.

   On February 9, 2001, the Pepco Board held a special meeting by telephone at
which the board was provided updates by management, LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene &
MacRae, L.L.P. and Merrill Lynch on the final terms of the proposed
transaction with Conectiv. Management also discussed with the board the terms
of the proposed dividend cut and share repurchase program. At that time,
Merrill Lynch delivered its oral opinion to the Pepco Board (which was
subsequently confirmed in writing) that, as of that date and based on the
assumptions made, matters considered and limitations reviewed with the Pepco
Board, the Pepco exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the
holders of Pepco common stock, taking into account the Conectiv Merger, and
the consideration to be paid by Pepco in connection with the Conectiv Merger
was fair from a financial point of view to Pepco. After considering and
discussing these matters as well as the recommendation of management, the
Pepco Board, by a unanimous vote, approved the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby and authorized the execution of the merger
agreement. The Pepco Board also approved a dividend cut, effective with the
June 30 dividend to a rate of $1.00 annually and a share repurchase program
not to exceed $450 million in the aggregate. On February 9, 2001, Pepco caused
New RC to be formed in the State of Delaware and the New RC Board approved the
merger agreement.

   On the evening of February 9, 2001, a telephonic meeting of the Conectiv
Board was convened. Mr. Cosgrove reported on the progress of the final
negotiations with Pepco and reaffirmed management's recommendation of the
proposed transaction on the terms that had been negotiated. At this meeting,
Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the Conectiv Board an oral opinion,
which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated February 9,
2001, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to the
matters described in the opinion, the Conectiv common stock consideration was
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Conectiv common stock
and the Conectiv Class A common stock consideration was fair, from a financial
point of view, to the holders of Conectiv Class A common stock. The Audit
Committee reported to the Conectiv Board that, at a telephonic meeting
convened earlier that evening, it had determined that the consideration for
the Conectiv Class A common stock under the merger agreement was determined in
accordance with Conectiv's certificate of incorporation and decided to
recommend the transaction to the Conectiv Board. After additional discussion
and deliberation, the Conectiv Board approved the merger and the merger
agreement and decided to recommend to Conectiv stockholders that they adopt
the merger agreement. One of the nine directors, citing concerns that the
number of Conectiv directors to be appointed to the New RC Board may not be
sufficient to (i) ensure that the mid-merit strategy is adequately considered
by the combined company, and (ii) satisfy the potential concerns of regulators
reviewing the transaction, voted against approval of the transaction.

   Later that evening, the merger agreement was executed by Pepco, Conectiv
and New RC.

Pepco Reasons for the Transaction

   The Pepco Board believes that the transaction will result in the following
significant benefits to Pepco:

   Strategically Attractive Opportunity Consistent with Pepco's Stated
Strategy. Conectiv's substantial transmission and distribution services,
including those located in the growing New Jersey market, provide an
attractive opportunity for Pepco to further its stated strategy of increasing
its transmission and distribution business in the Mid-Atlantic region.

   Stronger Competitive Regional Position. The combined company will serve
more than approximately 1.8 million electricity customers in Delaware, the
District of Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey and Virginia and will be the
largest electricity delivery company in the PJM Interconnection. The combined
company's greater

transmission and distribution capabilities should provide the combined company
with the size and scope to compete more effectively, including in the related
retail services market.

 Increased Financial Strength

  .   The financial strength of the combined company's balance sheet, which
      is expected to have a solid investment grade, should provide an
      opportunity to increase earnings while supporting the growth objectives
      established for both regulated and nonregulated businesses.

  .   Since the base over which the cost of various initiatives will be
      spread will be increased with the combined company, future initiatives,
      such as new technology improvements, undertaken by the combined company
      should be achieved more cost efficiently than if the same initiatives
      were implemented by each of the companies separately, and should result
      in a higher level of service, reliability and responsiveness to utility
      customers. In addition, these cost efficiencies should enable the
      combined company to keep customer rates in the regulated businesses
      lower than they would otherwise be.

Recommendation of the Pepco Board

   At a special meeting held on February 9, 2001, the Pepco Board unanimously
approved and adopted the merger agreement after determining that the
transaction was fair to and in the best interests of Pepco and its
stockholders.

   During the course of their deliberations relating to the merger agreement,
the Pepco Board consulted with their management and legal and financial
advisors and considered the following factors, some of which contain both
positive and negative elements, in addition to the expected benefits described
above:

  .   Terms and Conditions of the Merger Agreement. The terms and conditions
      of the merger agreement, the terms of the termination provisions and
      the amount and circumstances in which a termination fee and expenses
      could become payable by Pepco and Conectiv and the course of
      negotiations resulting in the execution of the merger agreement.

  .   Asymmetrical Collar Provisions and Walk-Away Rights. The fact that
      Pepco has more protection on the high end of the collar, which means
      the value of the stock consideration paid to Conectiv stockholders
      would not go above $25.00 ($21.69 for the Class A common stock), unless
      the Pepco average share price at closing exceeded $24.50, or $3.00
      higher than its approximate per share trading price prior to the
      announcement of the transaction, whereas the value of the stock
      consideration received by Conectiv stockholders would be less than the
      $25.00 collar amount ($21.69 for the Class A common stock) if the Pepco
      average share price at closing is less than $19.50, or $2.00 lower than
      its approximate per share trading price prior to announcement of the
      transaction. The Pepco Board balanced this fact against the fact that
      Conectiv has a walk-away right if the Pepco average share price at
      closing is less than $16.50, while Pepco does not have the right to
      walk-away from the transaction if its average share price at closing
      exceeds $24.50.

  .   Operating and Financial Condition. Information concerning the financial
      condition, results of operations and prospects for growth of Pepco and
      Conectiv, including the recent market performance of Pepco and Conectiv
      shares, the amount and terms of each company's outstanding debt
      obligations, reported operating revenues and the results of
      management's due diligence review of Conectiv's operations.

  .   Fit and Compatibility. The strategic fit, compatible corporate cultures
      and visions of the future of the energy business of Pepco and Conectiv,
      including the regionally based operations of Pepco and Conectiv and
      each company's emphasis on the energy delivery business.

  .   Industry Restructuring. The possible effects of the changing regulatory
      environment in the utility industry and the trend by energy and utility
      companies towards consolidations that create larger and stronger
      companies better able to face increased competition in the industry.

  .   Fairness Opinion. The analysis of Merrill Lynch presented to the Pepco
      Board on January 25, 2001 and the oral opinion delivered by Merrill
      Lynch to the Pepco Board on February 9, 2001 (and subsequently
      confirmed in writing) to the effect that, as of that date and based
      upon the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations reviewed
      with the Pepco Board, the Pepco exchange ratio was fair from a
      financial point of view to the holders of Pepco common stock, taking
      into account the Conectiv Merger, and the consideration to be paid by
      Pepco in connection with the Conectiv Merger was fair from a financial
      point of view to Pepco. The Pepco Board considered the fact that in
      rendering its opinion, Merrill Lynch reviewed the draft of the merger
      agreement that immediately preceded the final agreement, but did not
      view this fact as material since Merrill Lynch participated in the
      final negotiations and was aware of the material terms of the
      transaction at the time that it rendered its opinion.

  .   Timing, Achievability and Related Risks. The anticipated time required
      to complete the transaction including, in particular, the expected time
      needed to obtain required regulatory approvals and the risk that delay
      in completing the transaction will delay the ability of the combined
      company to realize the benefits of the transaction.

  .   Potential Regulatory Risks. Management's view as to the likelihood of
      obtaining the required approvals without the imposition of conditions
      that would materially adversely affect Pepco or Conectiv; and the
      impact on Pepco and Conectiv of operating as subsidiaries of a holding
      company registered as such under the 1935 Act, including the provisions
      of the 1935 Act that limit companies in a registered holding company
      system to public utility operations and operations that are
      functionally related to the public utility operations. For Pepco, the
      impact includes the cost of additional regulation requiring approval of
      financing transactions, acquisitions, dispositions, entry into new
      lines of business and affiliate transactions, in each case, unless the
      particular transaction is exempt.

  .   Transaction Costs. The costs of undertaking and completing the
      transaction, including the expense, devotion of management's time to
      the exploration of the transaction, to the preparation of the merger
      agreement and to the tasks required to complete the transaction.

  .   Stock Price Risks. The risks of fluctuation to or drops in Pepco's
      stock price prior to consummation of the transaction, which could
      increase the amount of stock consideration to be paid to the Conectiv
      stockholders in the transaction as well as the percentage of New RC
      common stock held by the Conectiv stockholders at the closing of the
      transaction and the potential effects of the public announcement of the
      transaction on Pepco's stock price.

  .   Interests of Certain Persons. The potential interests of certain
      persons in the transaction that are or may be different from, or in
      addition to, the interests of Pepco's stockholders, as described in
      "Interests of Certain Persons in the Transaction" beginning on page 70.

   The discussion above of the material factors considered by the Pepco Board
in its consideration of the merger agreement is not intended to be all-
inclusive. In view of the variety of factors and the amount of information
considered, the Pepco Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, make
specific assessments of, quantify, or otherwise assign relative weights to the
specific factors considered in reaching its determination. The determination to
approve the merger agreement was made after consideration of all the factors
taken as a whole, though individual members of the Pepco Board may have given
different weights to different factors.

   The Pepco Board unanimously recommends that its stockholders vote "FOR"
approval of the merger agreement and related transactions.

Opinion of the Financial Advisor to Pepco

   On February 9, 2001, at a special meeting of the Pepco Board, Merrill Lynch
delivered its oral opinion that, as of that date and based on the assumptions
made, matters considered and limitations reviewed with the Pepco Board, the
Pepco exchange ratio was fair from a financial point of view to the holders of
Pepco common

stock, taking into account the Conectiv Merger, and the consideration to be
paid by Pepco in connection with the Conectiv Merger was fair from a financial
point of view to Pepco. Merrill Lynch subsequently confirmed its oral opinion
by delivery of its written opinion dated February 9, 2001.

   The full text of the Merrill Lynch opinion, which states the assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and
limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Merrill Lynch in rendering
its opinion, is included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D.
The Merrill Lynch opinion is for the use and benefit of the Pepco Board and
addresses only the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
Pepco common stock of the Pepco exchange ratio, taking into account the
Conectiv Merger, and to Pepco of the consideration to be paid by Pepco in
connection with the Conectiv Merger. The Merrill Lynch opinion does not address
the merits of the underlying decision by Pepco to engage in the transaction and
does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of Pepco common stock or
Pepco preferred stock as to how such stockholder should vote on the proposed
transaction. The Merrill Lynch opinion does not express any opinion as to the
price at which the shares of common stock of Pepco or New RC will trade
following the announcement or consummation of the transaction. The description
of the Merrill Lynch opinion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Merrill Lynch opinion. Holders of Pepco stock are urged to,
and should, read the Merrill Lynch opinion carefully in its entirety.

   In arriving at its opinion, Merrill Lynch, among other things:

  .   reviewed publicly available business and financial information relating
      to Conectiv and Pepco that Merrill Lynch deemed to be relevant;

  .   reviewed information, including financial forecasts, relating to the
      business, earnings, cash flow, assets, liabilities and prospects of
      Conectiv and Pepco, furnished to Merrill Lynch by Conectiv and Pepco,
      respectively;

  .   conducted discussions with members of senior management and
      representatives of Conectiv and Pepco concerning the matters described
      in the two bullet points above, as well as their respective businesses
      and prospects before and after giving effect to the transaction;

  .   reviewed the market prices and valuation multiples for shares of
      Conectiv common stock and Pepco common stock and compared them with
      those of publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
      relevant;

  .   reviewed the results of operations of Conectiv and Pepco and compared
      them with those of publicly traded companies that Merrill Lynch deemed
      to be relevant;

  .   compared the proposed financial terms of the transaction with the
      financial terms of other transactions that Merrill Lynch deemed to be
      relevant;

  .   participated in certain discussions and negotiations among
      representatives of Conectiv and Pepco and their financial and legal
      advisors;

  .   reviewed the potential pro forma impact of the transaction;

  .   reviewed a draft dated February 8, 2001 of the merger agreement; and

  .   reviewed such other financial studies and analyses and took into
      account such other matters as Merrill Lynch deemed necessary, including
      Merrill Lynch's assessment of general economic, market and monetary
      conditions.

   In preparing its opinion, Merrill Lynch assumed and relied on the accuracy
and completeness of all information supplied or otherwise made available to it,
discussed with or reviewed by or for it, or publicly available, and Merrill
Lynch did not assume any responsibility for independently verifying such
information or undertake an independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the
assets or liabilities of Conectiv or Pepco. In addition, Merrill Lynch did not
assume any obligation to conduct any physical inspection of the properties or

facilities of Conectiv or Pepco. With respect to the financial forecast
information furnished to or discussed with Merrill Lynch by Conectiv or Pepco,
Merrill Lynch assumed that they have been reasonably prepared and reflect the
best currently available estimates and judgment of Conectiv's or Pepco's
management as to the expected future financial performance of Conectiv or
Pepco, as the case may be. Merrill Lynch further assumed
that the transaction will be accounted for as a purchase under generally
accepted accounting principles and that it will qualify as a tax-free
reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Merrill Lynch also assumed
that the final form of the merger agreement would be substantially similar to
the last draft reviewed by it.

   The Merrill Lynch opinion is necessarily based upon market, economic and
other conditions as they exist and can be evaluated on, and on the information
made available to Merrill Lynch as of, the date of its opinion. Merrill Lynch
assumed that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or other
consents or approvals (contractual or otherwise) for the transaction, no
restrictions, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on the
contemplated benefits of the transaction.

   Set below is a summary of the analyses performed by Merrill Lynch in
connection with the preparation of its opinion and reviewed with the Pepco
Board. These descriptions include information presented in tabular format. In
order to fully understand the financial analyses performed by Merrill Lynch,
the tables must be read together with the text of each description. The tables
alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses.
Considering the data in the tables without considering the full narrative
description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and
assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the financial analyses performed by Merrill Lynch.

 Conectiv

   Historical Stock Trading Analysis. Merrill Lynch reviewed the historical
trading prices of Conectiv common stock during the fifty-two week period
preceding January 22, 2001. The price of Conectiv common stock ranged from a
low of $13.44 on March 6, 2000 to a high of $20.75 on December 4, 2000.

   Public Comparable Companies Analysis. Merrill Lynch compared financial data
relating to Conectiv to seven publicly traded transmission and distribution
companies and to six publicly traded regional utility companies:

            Transmission and
         Distribution Companies             Regional Utility Companies
         ----------------------             --------------------------

        Consolidated Edison, Inc.  Allegheny Energy, Inc.
        Energy East Corporation    Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
        GPU, Inc.                  GPU, Inc.
        NSTAR                      Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
        Pepco                      Pepco
        Puget Sound Energy, Inc.   PP&L Corporation
        Sierra Pacific Resources

   These comparable companies were chosen because they are publicly traded
companies with operations that for purposes of this analysis may be considered
reasonably similar to the operations of Conectiv. For each of these comparable
companies and Conectiv, Merrill Lynch calculated market value, firm value
(which Merrill Lynch defined, for purposes of this analysis, as market value
plus short and long-term debt plus preferred stock less cash and temporary
investments), price per share of common stock as a multiple of estimated 2001
earnings and firm value as a multiple of latest twelve months or "LTM", EBITDA,
and earnings before interest and taxes (referred to as "EBIT").

   For purposes of calculating the price per share of common stock as a
multiple of estimated 2001 earnings, Merrill Lynch used the closing price per
share of each of the comparable companies' common stock on January 22, 2001 and
each of the comparable companies' estimated 2001 earnings per share or "EPS" as
reported by

I/B/E/S as of January 22, 2001. The following tables set forth information
concerning the range of price per share of common stock as a multiple of
estimated earnings for 2001 and firm value as a multiple of EBITDA and EBIT
(excluding Sierra Pacific Resources with respect to Merrill Lynch's
calculations of firm value as a multiple of EBITDA and EBIT).

   Transmission and Distribution Publicly Traded Comparable Companies

                                                           Price/   Firm Value/
                                                          --------- -----------
                                                          2001E EPS EBITDA EBIT
                                                          --------- ------ ----

   Maximum...............................................   11.6x    17.2x 48.0x
   Median................................................   10.7      6.9  10.0
   Mean..................................................   10.0      8.1  15.0
   Minimum...............................................    8.2      5.9   8.3

   Regional Publicly Traded Comparable Companies

                                                           Price/   Firm Value/
                                                          --------- -----------
                                                          2001E EPS EBITDA EBIT
                                                          --------- ------ ----

   Maximum...............................................   12.6x    9.5x  11.3x
   Median................................................   11.2     7.4   10.2
   Mean..................................................   11.1     7.5   10.0
   Minimum...............................................    9.1     5.9    8.3

   Merrill Lynch calculated implied equity values per share of the comparable
companies by applying the above multiples to Conectiv EBITDA and EPS for the
year ended December 31, 2000. The following table presents the range of equity
values based on these analyses:

                                                         Implied
                                                         Equity
                                                        Value per
                                                          Share
                                                      -------------
                                                       Low    High
                                                      ------ ------

        LTM EBITDA................................... $23.00 $31.25
        LTM EPS......................................  17.00  20.50

   Comparable Acquisition Transactions. Using publicly available information,
Merrill Lynch analyzed information relating to the following selected
transmission and distribution industry acquisitions and integrated electric
industry acquisitions. The transactions used in the analysis were selected
because they involved the acquisition of companies that are engaged in
businesses that are reasonably similar to that of Conectiv and because such
companies have operating profiles and financial statistics that are similar to
those of Conectiv, or are valued in the public markets on a basis similar to
that of Conectiv.

   Transmission and Distribution Industry Acquisitions

Announcement Date            Acquiror                        Target
- -----------------            --------                        ------

September 5, 2000   National Grid Group plc       Niagara Mohawk Holdings, Inc.
August 8, 2000      First Energy Corp.            GPU, Inc.
October 13, 1999    Consolidated Edison, Inc.     Northeast Utilities
February 1, 1999    New England Electric System   Eastern Utilities Associates
December 14, 1998   National Grid Group plc       New England Electric System
December 7, 1998    BEC Energy                    Commonwealth Energy System

   For the selected comparable transmission and distribution industry
acquisitions, Merrill Lynch calculated premium paid to market price on the date
prior to the announcement of the transaction, the ratio of offer value to LTM
EPS (as reported by I/B/E/S at the time of the announcement of each
transaction) and the ratio of

transaction value to LTM EBITDA. For purposes of calculating the mean and the
median of the ratio of offer value to LTM EPS, the National Grid acquisition of
Niagara Mohawk transaction, which had a ratio of Offer Value to LTM EPS of
59.4, was excluded. The following table sets forth information concerning those
analyses:

                                                 Offer Value/ Transaction Value/
                                    Premium Paid   LTM EPS        LTM EBITDA
                                    ------------ ------------ ------------------

   Maximum.........................    47.4%         59.4x           8.5x
   Mean............................    30.3%         15.9            7.1
   Median..........................    27.6%         17.1            7.1
   Minimum.........................    16.6%         11.4            5.4

   Integrated Electric Industry Acquisitions

Announcement
    Date      Acquiror                              Target
- ------------  --------                              ------

July 17,
 2000         The AES Corporation                   IPALCO Enterprises
February
 28,
 2000         PowerGen plc                          LG&E Energy Corp.
August
 23,
 1999         Carolina Power & Light Company        Florida Progress Corporation
June 30,
 1999         Energy East Corporation               CTG Resources, Inc.
June 15,
 1999         Energy East Corporation               CMP Group Inc.
June 14,
 1999         Dynegy Inc.                           Illinova Corporation
March 5,
 1999         UtiliCorp United Inc.                 St. Joseph Light & Power Company
December
 7, 1998      Scottish Power plc                    PacifiCorp
August
 12,
 1998         CalEnergy Company, Inc.               MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company
December
 22,
 1997         American Electric Power Company, Inc. Central and South West Corporation
May 21,
 1997         LG&E Energy Corp.                     KU Energy Corporation

   For the selected comparable integrated electric industry acquisitions,
Merrill Lynch calculated premium paid to the market price on the date prior to
the announcement of the transaction, the ratio of offer value to LTM EPS (as
reported by I/B/E/S at the time of the announcement of each transaction) and
the ratio of transaction value to LTM EBITDA. The following table sets forth
information concerning those analyses:

                                                 Offer Value/ Transaction Value/
                                    Premium Paid     EPS            EBITDA
                                    ------------ ------------ ------------------

   Maximum.........................    60.4%         22.1x           10.7x
   Mean............................    34.2%         18.2             8.3
   Median..........................    35.2%         17.9             7.9
   Minimum.........................     0.0%         14.1             6.8

   Merrill Lynch calculated implied equity values per share of the selected
comparable acquisitions by applying the above multiples to EBITDA and EPS for
the year ended December 31, 2000 to the price of Conectiv common stock on the
announcement of the transaction and comparing the premiums paid to the price of
Conectiv common stock on the announcement of the transaction. The following
table presents the range of equity values based on these analyses:

                                                         Implied
                                                         Equity
                                                        Value per
                                                          Share
                                                      -------------
                                                       Low    High
                                                      ------ ------

        LTM EBITDA................................... $23.00 $31.25
        LTM EPS......................................  25.50  29.00
        Premium Paid.................................  24.50  26.50

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Merrill Lynch also performed a discounted
cash flow analysis of Conectiv, both on a consolidated basis and for each of
its business segments. A discounted cash flow analysis is generally used to
calculate a valuation range for a company by calculating the present value of
the expected cash flows that will be generated by the company, discounted at a
rate that reflects the uncertainty of such

estimated future cash flows. Merrill Lynch utilized discount rates of 7.0% to
8.0%, 7.5% to 8.5% and 8.0% to 9.0% for different business segments of Conectiv
and on a consolidated basis and terminal multiples of fiscal year 2005 EBITDA
of 6.5x to 7.5x and 7.0x to 8.0x for different business segments of Conectiv
and on a consolidated basis.

   Merrill Lynch calculated the following implied equity values per share of
Conectiv based on the discounted cash flow analysis:

                                                                     Implied
                                                                     Equity
                                                                    Value per
                                                                      Share
                                                                  -------------
                                                                   Low    High
                                                                  ------ ------

        Sum of Business Segments................................. $20.50 $27.25
        Consolidated Basis.......................................  19.50  26.00

 Pepco

   Historical Stock Trading Analysis. Merrill Lynch reviewed the historical
trading prices of Pepco common stock during the fifty-two week period preceding
January 22, 2001. The price of Pepco common stock ranged from a low of $19.06
on March 9, 2000 to a high of $27.88 on June 29, 2000.

   Public Comparable Companies Analysis. Merrill Lynch compared certain
financial data relating to Pepco to seven publicly traded transmission and
distribution companies and to six publicly traded regional utility companies:

            Transmission and
         Distribution Companies    Regional Utility Companies
         ----------------------    --------------------------

        Consolidated Edison, Inc.  Allegheny Energy, Inc.
        Energy East Corporation    Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
        GPU, Inc.                  GPU, Inc.
        NSTAR                      Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated
        Conectiv                   Conectiv
        Puget Sound Energy, Inc.   PP&L Corporation
        Sierra Pacific Resources

   These comparable companies were chosen because they are publicly traded
companies with operations that for purposes of this analysis may be considered
reasonably similar to the operations of Pepco. Merrill Lynch calculated implied
equity values per share of the comparable companies by applying the above
multiples to EBITDA and EPS for the year ended December 31, 2000. The following
table presents the range of equity values based on these analyses:

                                                    Implied Equity
                                                    Value per Share
                                                    ----------------
                                                      Low    High
                                                    ------- --------

        LTM EBITDA................................. $ 30.50 $ 38.50
        LTM EPS....................................   18.75   22.75

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Merrill Lynch calculated the implied equity
value per share of Pepco to range from $21.50 to $28.75, based on its
discounted cash flow analysis of Pepco on a consolidated basis, utilizing
terminal multiples of fiscal year 2005 EBITDA of 7.0x to 8.0x and discount
rates of 8.0% to 9.0%.

 Exchange Ratio Analysis

   Merrill Lynch calculated implied exchange ratios from various analyses
performed by it, including the high and low trading prices of Conectiv and
Pepco common stock, implied equity value per share of public comparable
companies based on Conectiv and Pepco EBITDA and EPS for the year ended
December 31, 2000,

and the discounted cash flow analysis of Conectiv on a consolidated basis. The
following table presents the ranges of implied exchange ratios based upon these
analyses:

                                                       Implied
                                                    Exchange Ratio
                                                  ------------------

        52-Week High/Low......................... 0.4821x to 1.0887x
        LTM EBITDA............................... 0.5974x to 1.0246x
        LTM EPS.................................. 0.7473x to 1.0933x
        Consolidated DCF Analysis................ 0.6783x to 1.2093x

   Merrill Lynch also calculated implied exchange ratios based on the
historical trading price of Conectiv common stock. The following table presents
the ranges of implied exchange ratios based on that analysis:

   Ending 1/22/01                                            High   Low  Average
   --------------                                            ----- ----- -------

   3 Years.................................................. 0.97x 0.60x  0.80x
   2 Years.................................................. 0.97x 0.60x  0.77x
   1 Year................................................... 0.90x 0.60x  0.74x
   5 Months................................................. 0.90x 0.60x  0.76x
   3 Months................................................. 0.90x 0.71x  0.83x

   Pro Forma EPS Analysis. Using projections provided to it by the managements
of Pepco and Conectiv, respectively, Merrill Lynch analyzed the pro forma EPS
impact of the transaction to Pepco for each of the fiscal years 2002, 2003,
2004 and 2005 at offer prices of $23.00, $24.00 and $25.00 per share, assuming
a $200 million stock repurchase program by Pepco in addition to its previously
announced $250 million stock repurchase program and no amortization of
goodwill. This analysis showed that the transaction would become accretive to
Pepco's EPS in 2002. Merrill Lynch performed the same analysis, in which it
made an additional assumption that Conectiv would realize in 2002 aggregate
sale proceeds of $900 million, of which $450 million would be used to repay
debt and $450 million would be used to repurchase stock. This analysis showed
that the transaction would become accretive to Pepco's EPS in 2002, dilutive in
2003 and 2004, and accretive in 2005 (unless the offer price were $23.00 per
share, in which case the transaction would be dilutive in 2003 and thereafter
accretive). Finally, Merrill Lynch performed an analysis of the pro forma
impact of the transaction assuming a collar which would result in an offer
price of $24.00 per share, with half the consideration being cash and the other
half of the consideration being stock of New RC. This analysis showed that the
transaction would become accretive to Pepco's EPS in 2002.

   Pro Forma Credit Analysis. Using projections provided to it by the
managements of Pepco and Conectiv, respectively, Merrill Lynch performed a pro
forma impact analysis on Pepco's credit statistics for each of the fiscal years
2002, 2003, 2004 and 2005, based upon estimates of management for Pepco and
Conectiv and assuming an offer price of $24.00 per share, with half the
consideration being cash and the other half of the consideration being stock of
New RC. This analysis showed that following the transaction and on the basis of
these assumptions, the pro forma credit statistics would support the
maintenance of Pepco's investment grade rating.

 General

   The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Merrill Lynch believes
that its analyses and the summary set forth above must be considered as a whole
and that selecting portions of its analyses, without considering all analyses,
or selecting part or all of the above summary, without considering all factors
and analyses, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying Merrill
Lynch's opinion.

 Compensation Arrangements

   Merrill Lynch acted as financial advisor to the Pepco Board in connection
with the transaction. Pepco retained Merrill Lynch based upon Merrill Lynch's
experience and expertise. Merrill Lynch is an internationally

recognized investment banking firm with substantial experience in mergers and
acquisitions. Merrill Lynch, as part of its investment banking business, is
continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions and for other purposes. Pursuant to a letter
agreement dated September 20, 2000 between Pepco and Merrill Lynch, Merrill
Lynch will receive a fee from Pepco for its services, $100,000 of which was
payable upon execution of the letter agreement, $2,250,000 of which was payable
upon execution of the merger agreement, $2,250,000 of which is contingent upon
the approval of the transaction by the holders of Pepco common stock and
$4,500,000 of which is contingent upon the completion of the transaction.
Assuming completion of the transaction, Merrill Lynch's total fee will be
$9,100,000. In addition, Pepco has agreed to reimburse Merrill Lynch for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with rendering
financial advisory services, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of
its legal counsel. Pepco has agreed to indemnify Merrill Lynch and its
directors, officers, agents, employees and controlling persons, for all losses,
claims, damages and liabilities related to or arising out of its rendering of
services under its engagement as financial advisor, including liabilities
incurred under the federal securities laws.

   Merrill Lynch has, in the past two years, advised Pepco on the divestiture
of fossil-fuel fired plants and on interest rate derivative transactions, and
received compensation for these services in an aggregate amount of $30.6
million. Merrill Lynch may continue to provide financial advisory and financing
services to Pepco and Conectiv and their affiliates and, if so, will receive
fees for the rendering of such services. In addition, in the ordinary course of
its business, Merrill Lynch may actively trade shares of Conectiv stock and
other securities of Conectiv, as well as shares of Pepco common stock and other
securities of Pepco, for its own account and for accounts of customers and,
accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities.

Conectiv Reasons for the Transaction

   The Conectiv Board believes that the transaction will join two companies
with complementary operations in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States.
With on-going utility deregulation and the increasing competitive pressures
faced by utility companies, the Conectiv Board believes that Conectiv must have
a larger customer base with increased economies of scale in order to succeed in
such a market and continue to be an efficient, low cost energy delivery company
and supplier of energy and related services. The transaction is expected to
allow Conectiv to achieve these goals and to provide substantial financial and
strategic benefits to the stockholders of Conectiv. The Conectiv Board believes
that these benefits include:

 Premium Over Market Price

  .   The consideration of $25.00 in value, subject to adjustment, for each
      share of Conectiv common stock, which represents a premium of over 30%
      over the closing sale price of $19.14 on the NYSE on February 7, 2001
      (the trading day immediately prior to the date on which The Wall Street
      Journal reported details of the negotiations between Pepco and
      Conectiv) and a premium of over 41% over the closing sale price of
      $17.69 on the NYSE on August 7, 2000 (the date which is six months
      prior to February 7, 2001).

  .   The consideration of $21.69 in value, subject to adjustment, for each
      share of Conectiv Class A common stock, which represents a premium of
      over 17% over the closing sale price of $18.41 on the NYSE on February
      7, 2001, and was determined in accordance with Conectiv's certificate
      of incorporation.

 Improved Strategic Position

  .   The combination of Conectiv and Pepco will create the largest
      electricity delivery company in the PJM Interconnection.

  .   The combined company will have a broader customer base than Conectiv as
      an independent entity and should have the size and scope to be an
      effective participant in the increasingly competitive electric and
      natural gas utility markets.

  .   Based on the 2000 results for Conectiv and Pepco, the total annual
      revenues and total annual delivered megawatts for the combined company
      will be more than $8.1 billion and 46,000 GWh, respectively. In
      addition, the combined company will serve approximately 1.8 million
      electricity and gas customers in a 10,000-square-mile service area.

  .   The combined company will have a secure energy supply with Conectiv's
      mid-merit generation capabilities and Pepco's favorable supply
      contracts.

 Financial Strength

  .   The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to New RC's
      earnings.

  .   Pepco's dividend reduction will reduce the payout ratio to a similar
      level to that of Conectiv and other comparable companies, while
      permitting Conectiv stockholders to receive a higher dividend on a per
      share basis after the merger from New RC.

  .   Pepco will be able to internally fund its $450 million share repurchase
      program and a large portion of the cash merger consideration without
      significantly increasing the debt of the combined company.

  .   The combined company is expected to have a solid investment grade
      balance sheet, which will facilitate future growth through acquisitions
      or internal investment.

Recommendation of the Conectiv Board

   At a special meeting held on February 9, 2001, the Conectiv Board approved
the merger agreement and determined that the merger and the other transactions
to be effected pursuant to the merger agreement are advisable and in the best
interests of Conectiv and its stockholders. Accordingly, the Conectiv Board
recommends that its stockholders vote "FOR" the adoption of the merger
agreement.

   In approving the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement and in reaching its recommendation at the special meeting on
February 9, 2001, the Conectiv Board consulted with Conectiv's management and
legal and financial advisors. The following are the material factors considered
by the Conectiv Board, some of which contain both positive and negative
elements:

  .   the consideration of $25.00 in value, subject to adjustment, for each
      share of Conectiv common stock, which represents a premium of over 30%
      over the closing sale price on February 7, 2001 and over 41% over the
      closing sale price on August 7, 2000;

  .   the consideration of $21.69 in value, subject to adjustment, for each
      share of Conectiv Class A common stock, which represents a premium of
      over 17% over the closing sale price on February 7, 2001, and the facts
      that such consideration was determined in accordance with Conectiv's
      certificate of incorporation and that the Audit Committee recommended
      the transaction;

  .   the fact that Conectiv stockholders have the right to elect to receive
      either cash, combined company common stock or a combination of both,
      subject to proration, such that the aggregate consideration paid to all
      Conectiv stockholders will consist of 50% cash and 50% stock;

  .   the fact that the value of the stock consideration is subject to
      adjustment in the event that the Average Final Price is greater than
      $24.50 or less than $19.50;

  .   Conectiv's right to terminate the merger agreement if the Average Final
      Price is less than $16.50, unless Pepco elects to increase the value of
      the stock consideration to $21.15 per share of Conectiv common stock
      and $18.35 per share of Conectiv Class A common stock (and thereby
      increase the average value of the total consideration to $23.08 per
      share of Conectiv common stock and $20.02 per share of Conectiv Class A
      common stock);

  .   based on the number of shares currently outstanding on a fully diluted
      basis, Pepco stockholders will own approximately 67% of the common
      equity of the combined company and Conectiv stockholders will own
      approximately 33% of the common equity;

  .   Pepco's dividend reduction to $1.00 per share from $1.66 per share in
      conjunction with its authorization of a $450 million share repurchase
      program;

  .   the federal income tax consequences of the transaction to Conectiv
      stockholders as described on page 67;

  .   information concerning the financial condition, results of operations,
      prospects and businesses of Conectiv and Pepco, including the revenues
      of the companies and the recent stock price performance of Conectiv
      shares and Pepco shares;

  .   the fact that the changing regulatory environment is continuing to
      increase competition in the energy industry;

  .   the trend in the utility industry toward consolidation and strategic
      partnerships that create larger, stronger companies to face an
      increasingly competitive environment;

  .   other strategic options potentially available to Conectiv, including
      the prospects of positioning Conectiv for the future and enhancing
      long-term stockholder value by remaining an independent company or by
      effecting a strategic business combination with another party, and the
      impact of Conectiv's geographic location upon the availability of
      strategic partners;

  .   the recent evaluation by the Conectiv Board of the risks and benefits
      of an accelerated mid-merit strategy, which the Conectiv Board
      determined not to pursue independently in light of its belief that the
      Pepco transaction maximized stockholder value and represented the best
      transaction reasonably available to stockholders;

  .   the fact that an extensive process for reviewing strategic alternatives
      was conducted which involved contacting over 20 parties potentially
      interested in a business combination with Conectiv;

  .   the determination that the combined company would have improved
      financial and business prospects compared to the financial and business
      prospects of Conectiv due to the reasons described under "Conectiv
      Reasons for the Transaction" on page 54;

  .   the fact that Pepco stockholder approval is required to consummate the
      merger and the requisite vote for obtaining such approval;

  .   the likelihood of obtaining regulatory approvals for the merger in the
      current regulatory environment, including the potential impact on such
      approval of the following:

   .  that Conectiv will maintain its headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware,
      and will continue to have significant operations in New Jersey and the
      Delmarva peninsula and that the combined company will have its
      headquarters in Washington, D.C.;

   .  that the transaction is not expected to result in significant
      workforce reductions and that union contracts will be honored;

   .  that Conectiv will continue to provide charitable contributions and
      community support in Conectiv's service territory comparable to the
      current level; and

   .  that at least two members of the board of the combined company will
      come from the current Conectiv Board;

  .   the interests of certain persons in the transaction, including Mr.
      Cosgrove and other key members of Conectiv's management;

  .   the terms of the merger agreement, including the "fiduciary-out" and
      termination provisions, would not prevent the Conectiv Board from
      accepting a superior acquisition proposal, subject to paying Pepco a
      $60 million termination fee;

  .   the Conectiv Board's conclusion that the size of the termination fee,
      and the circumstances when such fee is payable, were reasonable in
      light of the benefits of the merger and the process that was conducted;

  .   the fact that Pepco would be obligated to pay Conectiv a termination
      fee of $60 million under some circumstances;

  .   the other terms of the merger agreement, which provide for
      representations, warranties, covenants and closing conditions that are
      substantially similar to those in similar transactions;

  .   the opinion to the Conectiv Board of Credit Suisse First Boston, dated
      February 9, 2001, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view
      and as of the date of the opinion, to the holders of Conectiv common
      stock of the Conectiv common stock consideration and to the holders of
      Conectiv Class A common stock of the Conectiv Class A common stock
      consideration, as described below under the caption "Opinion of the
      Financial Advisor to Conectiv" on page 57; and

  .   the other advice from management and Conectiv's legal and financial
      advisors over an extended period, and the discussions of the Conectiv
      Board concerning the proposed merger agreement and the transactions
      contemplated thereby.

   The Conectiv Board has also considered:

  .   the risk that the benefits sought in the transaction would not be
      obtained;

  .   the risk that the transaction would not be consummated;

  .   the risk that the value of Pepco shares will decline;

  .   the effect of the public announcement of the merger on Conectiv's
      sales, customer and supplier relationships, operating results and
      ability to retain employees, and on the trading price of Conectiv
      common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock;

  .   the substantial time and effort of management that will be required to
      consummate the transaction and integrate some of the operations of the
      two companies;

  .   the impact of the transaction on Conectiv employees;

  .   the possibility that provisions of the merger agreement might have the
      effect of discouraging other persons potentially interested in a
      business combination with Conectiv from pursuing such an opportunity;
      and

  .   other matters described under "Risk Factors Relating to the
      Transaction" on page 21 and "A Caution About Forward-Looking
      Statements" on page 23.

   In the judgment of the Conectiv Board, the potential benefits of the
transaction outweigh the potential negative elements of the above-listed
considerations.

   This discussion of the information and factors considered by the Conectiv
Board is not intended to be all-inclusive. In view of the wide variety of
factors considered, the Conectiv Board did not quantify or otherwise attempt to
assign relative weights to the factors discussed above or determine that any
factor was of particular importance. Rather the Conectiv Board viewed its
position and recommendations as being based on the totality of the information
presented to and considered by it. In addition, the Conectiv Board did not
undertake to make any specific determination as to whether any particular
factor, or any aspect of any particular factor, supported or did not support
the Conectiv Board's ultimate determination to approve the transaction.
Moreover, individual members of the Conectiv Board may have given different
weight to different factors.

Opinion of the Financial Advisor to Conectiv

   Credit Suisse First Boston has acted as Conectiv's financial advisor in
connection with the transaction. Conectiv selected Credit Suisse First Boston
based on Credit Suisse First Boston's experience, expertise and reputation.
Credit Suisse First Boston is an internationally recognized investment banking
firm and is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated
underwritings, competitive biddings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes.

   In connection with Credit Suisse First Boston's engagement, Conectiv
requested that Credit Suisse First Boston evaluate the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv
Class A common stock of the consideration payable to such holders in the
Conectiv Merger. On February 9, 2001, at a meeting of the Conectiv Board held
to evaluate the transaction, Credit Suisse First Boston rendered to the
Conectiv Board an oral opinion, which opinion was confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion dated February 9, 2001, to the effect that, as of that date and
based on and subject to the matters described in its opinion, the Conectiv
common stock consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to the
holders of Conectiv common stock and the Conectiv Class A common stock
consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of
Conectiv Class A common stock.

   The full text of Credit Suisse First Boston's written opinion, dated
February 9, 2001, to the Conectiv Board, which sets forth, among other things,
the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and limitations
on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex E and is incorporated into this
document by reference. Holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A
common stock are urged to, and should, read this opinion carefully and in its
entirety. Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion is addressed to the Conectiv
Board and relates only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
Conectiv common stock consideration and the Conectiv Class A common stock
consideration, and does not address any other aspect of the proposed
transaction or any related transaction and does not constitute a recommendation
to any stockholder as to any matter relating to the transaction. The summary of
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion in this document is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

   In arriving at its opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the merger
agreement, the restated certificate of incorporation, dated March 2, 1998, of
Conectiv, and publicly available business and financial information relating to
Conectiv and Pepco. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed other information
relating to Conectiv and Pepco, including financial forecasts, provided to or
discussed with Credit Suisse First Boston by Conectiv and Pepco, and met with
the management of Conectiv and Pepco to discuss the businesses and prospects of
Conectiv and Pepco. Credit Suisse First Boston also considered financial and
stock market data of Conectiv and Pepco, and compared those data with similar
data for other publicly held companies in businesses similar to Conectiv and
Pepco and considered, to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of
other business combinations and transactions which have been effected or
announced. Credit Suisse First Boston also considered other information,
financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and
market criteria that it deemed relevant. In connection with its engagement,
Credit Suisse First Boston was requested to approach third parties to solicit
indications of interest in a possible acquisition of Conectiv and held
preliminary discussions with some of these parties prior to the date of the
merger agreement.

   In connection with its review, Credit Suisse First Boston did not assume any
responsibility for independent verification of any of the information that it
reviewed or considered and relied on that information being complete and
accurate in all material respects. With respect to the financial forecasts
relating to Conectiv and Pepco, Credit Suisse First Boston was advised, and
assumed, that the forecasts were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the
best currently available estimates and judgments of the managements of Conectiv
and Pepco as to the future financial performance of Conectiv and Pepco and the
other matters covered by the forecasts. Credit Suisse First Boston also
assumed, with Conectiv's consent, that the transaction would be treated as a
tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes. In addition, Credit
Suisse First Boston assumed, with Conectiv's consent, that in the course of
obtaining the necessary regulatory and third party approvals and consents for
the proposed transaction, no modification, delay, limitation, restriction or
condition will be imposed that would have a material adverse effect on Conectiv
or Pepco or the contemplated benefits to Conectiv of the proposed transaction.
Credit Suisse First Boston also assumed, with Conectiv's consent, that the
transaction will be consummated in all material respects in accordance with the
terms of the merger agreement without waiver, modification or amendment. Credit
Suisse First Boston was not requested to make, and did not make, an independent
evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities, contingent or otherwise,
of Conectiv or Pepco, and Credit Suisse First Boston was not furnished with any
evaluations or appraisals.

   Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion was necessarily based on information
available to it, and financial, economic, market and other conditions as they
existed and could be evaluated, on the date of Credit Suisse First Boston's
opinion. Credit Suisse First Boston did not express any opinion as to what the
value of New RC common stock actually will be when issued in the transaction or
the prices at which New RC common stock would trade at any time after the
transaction. Credit Suisse First Boston was advised, and assumed, that the
Conectiv Class A common stock consideration was determined in accordance with
the terms of Conectiv's restated certificate of incorporation governing the
Conectiv Class A common stock. In addition, Credit Suisse First Boston
expressed no opinion as to the allocation of the merger consideration between
the holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock.
Although Credit Suisse First Boston evaluated the Conectiv common stock
consideration and the Conectiv Class A common stock consideration from a
financial point of view, Credit Suisse First Boston was not requested to, and
did not, recommend the specific consideration payable in the Conectiv Merger,
which consideration was determined between Conectiv and Pepco. Credit Suisse
First Boston's opinion did not address the relative merits of the transaction
as compared to other business strategies that might have been available to
Conectiv, and also did not address the underlying business decision of Conectiv
to proceed with the transaction. Except as described above, Conectiv imposed no
other limitations on Credit Suisse First Boston with respect to the
investigations made or procedures followed in rendering its opinion.

   In preparing its opinion to the Conectiv Board, Credit Suisse First Boston
performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those
described below. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process
involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant
methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances and, therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its
opinion, Credit Suisse First Boston made qualitative judgments as to the
significance and relevance of each analysis and factor that it considered.
Accordingly, Credit Suisse First Boston believes that its analyses must be
considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors
or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all
analyses and factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying its analyses and
opinion.

   In its analyses, Credit Suisse First Boston considered industry performance,
general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
many of which are beyond the control of Conectiv and Pepco. No company,
transaction or business used in Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses as a
comparison is identical to Conectiv, Pepco or the proposed transaction, and an
evaluation of the results of those analyses is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and judgments concerning
financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the
acquisition, public trading or other values of the companies, business segments
or transactions analyzed. The estimates contained in Credit Suisse First
Boston's analyses and the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis are not necessarily indicative of actual values or predictive of
future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable
than those suggested by the analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the
value of businesses or securities do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect
the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Accordingly,
Credit Suisse First Boston's analyses and estimates are inherently subject to
substantial uncertainty.

   Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion and financial analyses were only one of
many factors considered by the Conectiv Board in its evaluation of the proposed
transaction and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the
Conectiv Board or management with respect to the transaction or the merger
consideration.

   The following is a summary of the material financial analyses underlying
Credit Suisse First Boston's opinion dated February 9, 2001 delivered to the
Conectiv Board in connection with the transaction. The financial analyses
summarized below include information presented in tabular format. In order to
fully understand Credit Suisse First Boston's financial analyses, the tables
must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not
constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. Considering the
data in the tables below without considering the full narrative description of
the

financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of Credit Suisse First
Boston's financial analyses.

 Introduction

   Credit Suisse First Boston performed a "Discounted Cash Flow Analysis,"
"Selected Companies Analysis" and "Selected Transactions Analysis" for each of
Conectiv and Pepco as described below. Based on these valuation methodologies,
Credit Suisse First Boston derived the following aggregate implied per share
equity reference ranges for Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common
stock, as compared to the merger consideration based on the closing price of
Pepco common stock on February 9, 2001:

                                               Aggregate    Merger Consideration
                                              Implied Per     Based on Closing
                                             Share Equity      Stock Price on
                                            Reference Range   February 9, 2001
                                            --------------- --------------------

      Conectiv common stock................ $19.94 - $26.85        $25.00
      Conectiv Class A common stock........ $13.06 - $20.03        $21.69

   Based on these valuation methodologies, Credit Suisse First Boston also
derived the following aggregate implied per share equity reference range for
Pepco common stock, as compared to the closing price of Pepco common stock on
February 9, 2001:

                                               Aggregate
                                              Implied Per      Pepco Closing
                                             Share Equity      Stock Price on
                                            Reference Range   February 9, 2001
                                            --------------- --------------------

      Pepco common stock................... $18.96 - $24.38        $21.35

 Conectiv

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston estimated the
present value of the stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that
Conectiv could produce over 10 years. Credit Suisse First Boston performed this
analysis based on two scenarios, management case I and management case II.
Management case I and management case II were based on internal estimates of
Conectiv's management. Management case II included adjustments to management
case I to reflect, among other things, increased capital spending on generation
plants and lower capital spending on Conectiv's transmission system.

   Credit Suisse First Boston calculated a range of estimated terminal values
for Conectiv by multiplying a range of selected EBITDA multiples to Conectiv's
estimated calendar year 2011 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, commonly referred to as EBITDA. The estimated free cash flows and
terminal values were then discounted to present value using a range of selected
discount rates depending on the business analyzed.

   This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range for
Conectiv of approximately $1,785 million to $2,385 million, based on management
case I, and approximately $1,810 million to $2,585 million, based on management
case II. Using these aggregate equity reference ranges, Credit Suisse First
Boston then derived implied per share equity reference ranges for Conectiv
common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock under both management case I and
management case II. This analysis indicated the following implied per share
equity reference ranges:

                                   Implied Per Share      Implied Per Share
                                 Equity Reference Range Equity Reference Range
                                   Management Case I      Management Case II
                                 ---------------------- ----------------------

      Conectiv common stock.....    $20.34 - $27.24        $20.54 - $29.48
      Conectiv Class A common
       stock....................    $16.02 - $17.76        $17.76 - $19.50

   Selected Companies Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston compared financial
and stock market data of Conectiv to corresponding financial and stock market
data for the following six publicly traded companies in the utilities industry,
specializing in energy delivery or energy generation:

  .   Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated

  .   PPL Corporation

  .   Consolidated Edison, Inc.

  .   Constellation Energy Group, Inc.

  .   Allegheny Energy, Inc.

  .   Potomac Electric Power Company

   Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed enterprise values, calculated as equity
value, plus debt and preferred stock, less cash, as multiples of estimated
calendar year 2001 EBITDA and earnings before interest and taxes, commonly
known as EBIT. Credit Suisse First Boston also reviewed equity values as
multiples of estimated calendar year 2001 net income and book value. Credit
Suisse First Boston then applied a range of selected multiples derived from the
selected companies of estimated calendar year 2001 EBITDA, EBIT, net income and
book value to corresponding financial data of Conectiv. All multiples were
based on closing stock prices on February 7, 2001. Estimated financial data for
Conectiv were based on internal estimates of Conectiv's management and
estimated financial data for the selected companies were based on publicly
available research analysts' estimates and public filings of the selected
companies. This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range
for Conectiv of approximately $1,500 million to $2,000 million. Using this
aggregate equity reference range, Credit Suisse First Boston then derived
implied per share equity reference ranges for Conectiv common stock and for
Conectiv Class A common stock. This analysis indicated the following implied
per share equity reference ranges:

                                            Implied Per Share Equity
                                                Reference Range
                                            ------------------------

        Conectiv common stock..............     $17.17 - $22.62
        Conectiv Class A common stock......     $13.06 - $20.03

   Selected Transactions Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed the
purchase prices and implied transaction multiples in the following 12 selected
merger and acquisition transactions in the utilities industry:

        Acquiror                                 Target
        --------                                 ------

        .  National Grid plc                     Niagara Mohawk Holdings
        .  FirstEnergy Corp.                     GPU, Inc.
        .  The AES Corporation                   IPALCO Enterprises, Inc.
        .  PowerGen plc                          LG&E Energy Corp.
        .  Private investor group                MidAmerican Energy Company
        .  Consolidated Edison,
         Inc.                                    Northeast Utilities
        .  Carolina Power & Light
         Company                                 Florida Progress Corporation
        .  Energy East
         Corporation                             CMP Group, Inc.
        .  Private investor group                TNP Enterprises, Inc.
        .  New England Electric Resources, Inc.  Eastern Utilities Associates
        .  The AES Corporation                   CILCORP Inc.
        .  Consolidated Edison,
         Inc.                                    Orange & Rockland Utilities, Inc.

   Credit Suisse First Boston compared enterprise values in the selected
transactions as multiples of latest 12 months EBITDA and EBIT. Credit Suisse
First Boston also compared equity values in the selected transactions as
multiples of latest 12 months net income and book value. Credit Suisse First
Boston then applied a range of selected multiples derived from the selected
transactions of latest 12 months EBITDA, EBIT, net income and book value to
corresponding financial data of Conectiv. All multiples for the selected
transactions were based on publicly available information at the time of
announcement of the relevant

transaction. Financial data for Conectiv were based on 2000 actual results
provided by Conectiv's management. This analysis indicated an aggregate implied
equity reference range for Conectiv of approximately $1,900 million to $2,400
million. Using this aggregate equity reference range, Credit Suisse First
Boston then derived implied per share equity reference ranges for Conectiv
common stock and for Conectiv Class A common stock. This analysis indicated the
following implied per share equity reference ranges:

                                            Implied Per Share Equity
                                                Reference Range
                                            ------------------------

        Conectiv common stock..............     $22.08 - $27.45
        Conectiv Class A common stock......     $10.45 - $17.41

 Pepco

   Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston estimated the
present value of the stand-alone, unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that
Pepco could produce over five years, based on two scenarios, management case I
and management case II. Management case I and management case II were based on
internal estimates of Pepco's management. Management case II included
adjustments to management case I to reflect, among other things, the potential
for reductions in revenue growth in various segments of Pepco's businesses.
This analysis excluded Pepco's interest in Potomac Capital Investment
Corporation, which consists primarily of financial investments and equity
interests in telecommunications businesses, which Credit Suisse First Boston
evaluated on a book value multiple basis.

   Credit Suisse First Boston calculated a range of estimated terminal values
for Pepco by multiplying a range of selected EBITDA multiples to Pepco's
estimated calendar year 2005 EBITDA. The estimated free cash flows and terminal
values were then discounted to present value using a range of selected discount
rates depending on the business analyzed.

   This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range for
Pepco of approximately $2,480 million to $3,280 million, based on management
case I, and approximately $2,040 million to $2,740 million, based on management
case II. Using these aggregate equity reference ranges, Credit Suisse First
Boston then derived implied per share equity reference ranges for Pepco common
stock under both management case I and management case II. This analysis
indicated the following implied per share equity reference ranges:

                               Implied Per Share Equity Implied Per Share Equity
                                   Reference Range          Reference Range
                                  Management Case I        Management Case II
                               ------------------------ ------------------------

      Pepco common stock......     $22.38 - $29.66          $18.41 - $24.78

   Selected Companies Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston compared financial
and stock market data of Pepco to corresponding data for the following four
publicly traded companies in the utilities industry, specializing in energy
delivery:

  .  Conectiv
  .  Consolidated Edison, Inc.
  .  NSTAR
  .  DQE, Inc.

   Credit Suisse First Boston reviewed enterprise values as multiples of
estimated calendar year 2001 EBITDA and EBIT. Credit Suisse First Boston also
reviewed equity values as multiples of estimated calendar year 2001 net income
and book value. Credit Suisse First Boston then applied a range of selected
multiples derived from the selected companies of estimated calendar year 2001
EBITDA, EBIT, net income and book value to corresponding financial data of
Pepco. All multiples were based on closing stock prices on February 7, 2001.
Estimated financial data for Pepco were based on internal estimates of Pepco's
management and estimated financial data for the selected companies were based
on publicly available research analysts' estimates and public filings of the
selected companies. This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity
reference range for Pepco of approximately $2,100 million to $2,500 million.
Using this aggregate equity

reference range, Credit Suisse First Boston then derived a per share equity
reference range for Pepco common stock. This analysis indicated the following
implied per share equity reference range:

                                            Implied Per Share Equity
                                                Reference Range
                                            ------------------------

        Pepco common stock.................     $18.96 - $22.57

   Selected Transactions Analysis. Credit Suisse First Boston also performed a
selected transactions analysis for Pepco in which Credit Suisse First Boston
applied to Pepco's estimated calendar year 2001 EBITDA, EBIT, net income and
book value the range of selected multiples of latest 12 months EBITDA, EBIT,
net income and book value derived from the selected transactions in the
utilities industry which it reviewed for Conectiv. All multiples were based on
financial information available at the time of the relevant transaction.
Estimated financial data for Pepco were based on internal estimates of Pepco's
management. This analysis indicated an aggregate implied equity reference range
for Pepco of approximately $2,400 million to $2,900 million. Using this
aggregate equity reference range, Credit Suisse First Boston then derived an
implied per share equity reference range for Pepco common stock. This analysis
indicated the following implied per share equity reference range:

                                            Implied Per Share Equity
                                                Reference Range
                                            ------------------------

        Pepco common stock.................     $21.67 - $26.18

   Other Factors. In the course of preparing its opinion, Credit Suisse First
Boston also reviewed and considered other information and data, including:

  .  the 52 week price performance of Conectiv common stock, Conectiv Class A
     common stock and Pepco common stock;

  .  the potential pro forma financial impact of the transaction on Pepco's
     estimated calendar years 2002 and 2003 earnings per share, which
     indicated that, based on the consideration provided for in the
     transaction, the transaction could be dilutive to Pepco's estimated
     earnings per share for calendar years 2002 and 2003. The actual results
     achieved by Pepco may vary from projected results and the variations may
     be material; and

  .  the premiums for Conectiv common stock implied by the Conectiv common
     stock consideration over various periods prior to public announcement of
     the transaction and the premium for Conectiv Class A common stock
     implied by the Conectiv Class A common stock consideration on a selected
     day prior to public announcement of the transaction, which indicated a
     range of premiums for Conectiv common stock of approximately 30.6% to
     51.5% and a premium for Conectiv Class A common stock of approximately
     14.0%.

   Miscellaneous. Conectiv has agreed to pay Credit Suisse First Boston for its
financial advisory services in connection with the transaction an aggregate fee
of approximately $19.8 million, of which $4.5 million was payable upon public
announcement of the transaction, $4.5 million will be payable upon approval of
the transaction by Conectiv stockholders and the balance will be payable upon
completion of the transaction. Conectiv also has agreed to reimburse Credit
Suisse First Boston for its out-of-pocket expenses, including fees and expenses
of legal counsel and any other advisor retained by Credit Suisse First Boston,
and to indemnify Credit Suisse First Boston and related parties against
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, arising
out of its engagement.

   Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates are currently providing
investment banking and financial advisory services to Conectiv, for which
services it has received fees of approximately $100,000 and may receive
additional fees of approximately $4.0 million. Credit Suisse First Boston and
its affiliates also acted as co-manager in connection with Conectiv's senior
notes offering in May 1999 and as manager for Conectiv in connection with its
medium term notes and commercial paper program in May 1999, for which it
received fees aggregating approximately $400,000. In the ordinary course of
business, Credit Suisse First Boston and its affiliates may actively trade the
debt and equity securities of Conectiv and Pepco for their own accounts and for
the accounts of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold long or short
positions in those securities.

Dissenters' Appraisal Rights

   General. Pepco stockholders have dissenters' appraisal rights under the
corporate laws of the District of Columbia and Virginia and Conectiv
stockholders have dissenters' appraisal rights under the corporate law of
Delaware, as summarized below. In view of the complexity of these provisions of
the District of Columbia, Virginia and Delaware corporate law, any Pepco or
Conectiv stockholder who is considering exercising dissenters' appraisal rights
may wish to consult a legal advisor.

   Appraisal Rights of Dissenting Stockholders of Pepco. Dissenters' appraisal
rights are available to holders of Pepco common stock and Pepco preferred stock
under applicable District of Columbia and Virginia laws, as set forth below.
Where applicable, Pepco will recognize dissenters' appraisal rights that are
perfected under either District of Columbia or Virginia law.

   District of Columbia. Section 29-373 of the District of Columbia Business
Corporation Act provides dissenters' rights for the holders of Pepco common and
preferred stock who object to the transaction and meet the statutory
requirements contained therein. To perfect this right, a record stockholder
must:

     (1) deliver to Pepco written objection to the transaction prior to or at
  the first of the Pepco meetings before the vote is taken;

     (2) either abstain or vote against the transaction; and

     (3) within 20 days after the transaction is effective, make a written
  demand on New RC for payment of the fair value of his shares as of the day
  prior to the date on which the vote was taken approving the transaction.

   The written notice of objection to the transaction should be sent or
delivered to Pepco at:

   Pepco
   Attention: Corporate Secretary
   1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
   Washington, D.C. 20068

   Telephone: (202) 872-3526

   The demand for payment should be sent or delivered to New RC at:

   New RC
   Attention: Corporate Secretary
   701 Ninth Street, N.W.
   Washington, D.C. 20068

   Telephone: (202) 872-3526

   The failure to vote against the transaction will not constitute a waiver of
dissenters' appraisal rights and a vote against the transaction will not
satisfy the notice requirement. Any stockholder failing to make a demand within
the 20-day period will be bound by the terms of the merger agreement.

   Following the receipt of the demand for payment from a dissenting
stockholder, New RC will estimate the fair value of the shares, and will then
send a letter to the dissenting stockholder informing him or her of the
valuation and offering to pay this amount to the dissenter if he or she agrees
to accept it in full satisfaction of their demand. If, within 30 days after the
transaction is effective, the dissenting stockholder and New RC agree upon the
value of the shares, payment will be made within 90 days after the date on
which the transaction is effective. If the stockholder and New RC do not agree,
the dissenting stockholder may, within 60 days after the expiration of the 30-
day period, file a petition in any court of competent jurisdiction within the
District of Columbia asking for a determination of the fair value of the
shares. The dissenting stockholder will be entitled to judgment against New RC
for the amount of the fair value of their shares as of the day prior to the
date on which the vote was taken approving the merger agreement. Unless the
dissenting stockholder files the petition within this 60-day time period, the
stockholder will be bound by the terms of the merger agreement.

   The full text of the dissenters' appraisal provisions of District of
Columbia law is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex F.

   Virginia. The Virginia Stock Corporation Act (or the VSCA) provides
dissenters' appraisal rights to holders of shares of Pepco common stock and
Pepco preferred stock who object to the transaction and follow the procedures
required to perfect such rights. A beneficial holder of Pepco stock as of the
Pepco Record Date may assert dissenters' appraisal rights with respect to
shares held on his behalf only if he submits to Pepco the record holder's
written consent to the dissent not later than the time the beneficial holder
asserts such rights. A record holder of Pepco stock as of the Pepco Record Date
may assert dissenters' appraisal rights with respect to fewer than all shares
registered in its name if it notifies Pepco in writing of the name and address
of each beneficial owner of shares on whose behalf it is asserting dissenters'
appraisal rights and asserts such rights with respect to all shares
beneficially owned by such person.

   In order to assert dissenters' rights, a stockholder must:

     (1) deliver to Pepco prior to the vote on the transaction written notice
  of his intent to demand payment for his shares if the transaction is
  effectuated; and

     (2) either abstain or vote against the transaction.

   Such notice of intent should be sent or delivered to:

   Potomac Electric Power Company
   Attention: Corporate Secretary
   1900 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
   Washington, D.C. 20068
   Telephone (202) 872-3526

   A stockholder who votes for the transaction or who does not satisfy each of
these requirements is not entitled to payment for his shares under the
dissenters' appraisal rights provisions of the VSCA. The failure to vote
against the transaction will not constitute a waiver of dissenters' appraisal
rights, and a vote against the transaction will not satisfy the notice
requirement.

   Within 10 days after the consummation of the transaction, New RC is required
to deliver to each stockholder who has asserted dissenters' appraisal rights a
notice regarding the dissenter's demand of payment. Upon receipt of the notice,
a stockholder must demand payment, certify that he acquired his shares before
or after the announcement date, and deposit his shares in accordance with the
terms of the notice. A stockholder who does not satisfy each of these
requirements is not entitled to payment for his shares under the dissenters'
rights provisions of the VSCA.

   Within 30 days after the receipt of a valid payment demand, New RC is
obligated to pay the dissenter the fair value of his shares, plus accrued
interest from the effective time to the date of payment. "Fair value" means the
value of a dissenter's shares immediately before the effectuation of the
transaction, excluding any appreciation or depreciation in anticipation of the
transaction unless such exclusion would be inequitable.

   New RC may elect to withhold payment on after-acquired shares. To the extent
that New RC elects to withhold this payment, after consummating the
transaction, New RC is required to estimate the fair value of the shares, plus
accrued interest, and offer to pay this amount to each dissenter who agrees to
accept it in full satisfaction of his demand.

   If a dissenter provides notice within 30 days after New RC makes or offers
payment for his shares, a dissenter may notify New RC of his own estimate of
the fair value of his shares and demand payment. If any such demand for payment
remains unsettled, New RC must commence a proceeding to determine the fair
value of the shares, or pay each dissenter whose demand remains unsettled the
amount demanded.

   The full text of the dissenters' appraisal provisions of Virginia law is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex G.

   Appraisal Rights of Dissenting Stockholders of Conectiv. Appraisal rights
are available to dissenting holders of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class
A common stock under the laws of the State of Delaware.

   If the transaction is consummated, a holder of record of Conectiv stock on
the date of making a demand for appraisal, and who holds those shares through
the time of the transaction, will be entitled to have those shares appraised by
the Delaware Court of Chancery and to receive payment for the "fair value" of
those shares instead of the consideration provided for in the merger agreement.
In order to be eligible to receive this payment, however, a Conectiv
stockholder must:

   (1) continue to hold his shares through the effective time of the
transaction;

   (2) strictly comply with the procedures discussed under Section 262 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law (which we refer to as the DGCL); and

   (3) not vote in favor of the transaction.

   This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being sent to all holders of record
of Conectiv stock on the record date for the Conectiv meeting and constitutes
notice of the appraisal rights available to those holders under Section 262 of
the DGCL.

   A holder of Conectiv stock who elects to exercise appraisal rights must
deliver a written demand for appraisal of its shares of Conectiv stock prior to
the vote on the transaction. The written demand must identify the stockholder
of record and state the stockholder's intention to demand appraisal of his
shares. All demands should be delivered to:

   Conectiv
   Attention: Secretary
   800 King Street
   Wilmington, Delaware 19801
   Telephone (302) 429-3018

   If Conectiv stock is owned of record in a fiduciary capacity by a trustee,
guardian or custodian, the demand should be made in that capacity. If Conectiv
stock is owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy or
tenancy in common, the demand should be made by or for all owners of record.
Unless a demand for appraisal specifies a number of shares, the demand will be
presumed to cover all shares of Conectiv stock held in the name of the record
owner. Beneficial owners who are not record owners and who intend to exercise
appraisal rights should instruct the record owner to comply with the statutory
requirements with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights before the date
of the Conectiv meeting.

   After Conectiv provides notice of the effectiveness of the transaction to
each stockholder who has complied with the procedures described above, a
petition demanding an appraisal must be filed with the Court of Chancery within
120 days after the effective date, or the rights of all dissenting stockholders
to appraisal cease. The Delaware Court of Chancery will determine which
stockholders are entitled to appraisal rights and will perform the appraisal.
Stockholders who consider seeking appraisal should consider that the fair value
of their shares under Section 262 of the DGCL could be more than, the same as,
or less than, the value of the consideration provided for in the merger
agreement without the exercise of appraisal rights. In the absence of a court
determination or assessment to the contrary, each party bears its own expenses.

   After the transaction, any stockholder who has demanded appraisal for his or
her stock will not be entitled to vote that stock for any purpose or receive
payment of dividends or other distributions on that stock, except for payment
of dividends or distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date prior
to the transaction. A stockholder may withdraw a demand for appraisal and
accept the New RC common stock at any time within 60 days after the effective
time.

   The full text of the dissenters' appraisal provisions of Delaware law is
attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex H.

Accounting Treatment of the Transaction

   The transaction will be accounted for by New RC using the purchase method of
accounting for a business combination in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Under this method of accounting, the

assets and liabilities of Conectiv will be recorded at their fair values and if
necessary, any excess of the merger consideration over those amounts will be
recorded as goodwill. The results of operations and cash flows of Conectiv will
be included in New RC's financial statements prospectively as of the completion
of the transaction.

Restrictions on Resales by Pepco and Conectiv Affiliates

   New RC has registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the
shares of New RC common stock to be received by Pepco's and Conectiv's
stockholders in connection with the transaction. When New RC shares are issued
to Pepco's and Conectiv's stockholders, these stockholders may trade them
without restriction unless they are deemed to be an "affiliate" of Pepco or
Conectiv, as defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Act.

   The shares of New RC common stock received by persons who are deemed to be
affiliates of either Pepco or Conectiv before the transaction may be resold by
them only in transactions permitted by the resale provisions of Rule 145 under
the Securities Act. Shares of New RC common stock received by persons who are
deemed to be affiliates of New RC after the transaction may be sold by them
only in transactions permitted under the provisions of Rule 144 under the
Securities Act, or as otherwise permitted under the Securities Act.

   For purposes of Rule 145 under the Securities Act, Pepco and Conectiv have
agreed to use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause each person who is
an affiliate of either Pepco or Conectiv to deliver to New RC a written
agreement intended to ensure compliance with the Securities Act.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following summary discusses the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the transaction to U.S. Holders of Pepco stock and Conectiv
stock.

   For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder means:

 .  a citizen or resident of the United States;

 .  a corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or organized
   under the laws of the United States or any of its political subdivisions;

 .  a trust, if a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the
   administration of the trust and one or more U.S. fiduciaries have the
   authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; or

 .  an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income
   regardless of its source.

   This discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and judicial decisions currently
in effect, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive
effect. The discussion assumes that Pepco stockholders hold their Pepco stock
and will hold their New RC common stock, and Conectiv stockholders hold their
Conectiv stock and will hold their New RC common stock, as a capital asset
within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code. Further, the
discussion addresses only the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of
the transaction and does not consider the effect of any foreign, state, local
or other tax law. Nor does the discussion address all aspects of U.S. federal
income taxation that may be relevant to a particular stockholder in light of
that stockholder's personal investment circumstances, or to stockholders
subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including:

 .  insurance companies;

 .  tax-exempt organizations;

 .  financial institutions;

 .  broker-dealers;

 .  persons who have elected to use the mark-to-market method of accounting with
   respect to their securities holdings;

 .  persons that hold their Pepco stock or Conectiv stock as part of a straddle,
   a hedge against currency risk or a constructive sale or conversion
   transaction;

 .  persons that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar;

 .  investors in pass-through entities;

 .  persons under the jurisdiction of a court in a Title 11 or similar case;

 .  a person other than a U.S. Holder that beneficially owns or has owned
   directly or indirectly more that 5% of the Pepco stock or Conectiv stock
   during the 5-year period prior to the transaction to which Section 897,
   among other provisions, of the Internal Revenue Code may apply;

 .  persons who acquired their Pepco stock or Conectiv stock through the
   exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation or through a
   tax-qualified retirement plan; or

 .  holders of options granted under any Pepco or Conectiv benefit plan.

   Holders of Pepco stock and Conectiv stock should consult their own tax
advisors regarding the specific tax consequences to them of the transaction,
including the applicability and effect of federal, state, local and foreign
income and other tax laws in their particular circumstances.

 Consequences of the Transaction to U.S. Holders

   Based on representations contained in representation letters provided by New
RC, Pepco and Conectiv, all of which must continue to be true and accurate in
all material respects as of the effective time, and customary limitations and
assumptions set forth in the confirming opinions filed as exhibits to this
registration statement/prospectus, it is the opinion of Simpson Thacher &
Bartlett, counsel to Conectiv, and LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P.,
counsel to Pepco, that the material United States federal income tax
consequences of the transaction to the U.S. Holders of Pepco stock and Conectiv
stock are as follows:

 .  the Pepco Merger and the Conectiv Merger, taken together, will be treated
   for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a transaction described in Section
   351 of the Internal Revenue Code;

 .  with respect to U.S. Holders of Pepco common stock:

  .  no gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of Pepco common stock
     solely for New RC common stock pursuant to the Pepco Merger;

  .  the aggregate adjusted basis of the New RC common stock received in the
     Pepco Merger (including any fractional shares of New RC common stock
     received) will be equal to the aggregate adjusted tax basis of the Pepco
     common stock exchanged for that New RC common stock;

  .  the holding period of the New RC common stock received in the Pepco
     Merger will include the holding period of the Pepco common stock
     exchanged for that New RC common stock;

 .  with respect to U.S. Holders of Conectiv stock:

  .  no gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of Conectiv stock
     solely for New RC common stock pursuant to the Conectiv Merger, except
     with respect to cash received instead of fractional shares of New RC
     common stock;

  .  gain or loss will be recognized on the exchange of Conectiv stock solely
     for cash pursuant to the Conectiv Merger in an amount equal to the
     difference between the amount of cash received and the U.S. Holder's
     adjusted tax basis in those shares of Conectiv stock;

  .  gain (but not loss) will be recognized on the exchange of Conectiv stock
     for a combination of cash and New RC common stock pursuant to the
     Conectiv Merger equal to the difference between:

    .  the sum of the cash (excluding any cash received instead of
       fractional shares of New RC common stock) and the fair market value
       of the New RC common stock received (including any fractional shares
       of New RC common stock deemed received and exchanged for cash), and

    .  the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in those shares of Conectiv
       stock,

     but not in excess of the cash received by such U.S. Holder in the
  Conectiv Merger;

  .  the aggregate adjusted basis of the New RC common stock received in the
     Conectiv Merger (including any fractional shares of New RC common stock
     deemed received and exchanged for cash) will be equal to the aggregate
     adjusted tax basis of the Conectiv stock exchanged in the Conectiv
     Merger, increased by the amount of gain, if any, recognized by such U.S.
     Holder and decreased by the amount of cash received;

  .  the holding period of the New RC common stock received in the Conectiv
     Merger will include the holding period of the Conectiv stock exchanged
     for that New RC common stock; and

 .  with respect to U.S. Holders of Pepco preferred stock, no gain or loss will
   be recognized by a U.S. Holder who retains Pepco preferred stock in
   connection with the Pepco Merger.

   It is a condition to the closing of the transaction that each of Pepco and
Conectiv receive an opinion from its tax counsel that the Pepco Merger and the
Conectiv Merger, taken together, will be treated for U.S. federal income tax
purposes as a transaction described in Section 351 of the Internal Revenue
Code. These opinions are in addition to the opinions included in this section.
These opinions will be based on updated representation letters provided by New
RC, Pepco and Conectiv to be delivered at the time of closing, all of which
must continue to be true and accurate in all material respects as of closing,
and on customary limitations and assumptions, including that the transaction
will be completed according to the terms of the merger agreement.

   None of New RC, Pepco or Conectiv has requested a ruling from the United
States Internal Revenue Service with respect to any of the U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the transaction, and opinions of counsel are in no way
binding on the Internal Revenue Service or any court. As a result, there can be
no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service will not disagree with or
challenge any of the conclusions described above. Moreover, any change in
currently applicable law, which may or may not be retroactive, or failure of
any representations or assumptions to be true, correct and complete in all
material respects, could affect the continuing validity of the tax opinions.

 Cash Instead of Fractional Shares

   The receipt of cash instead of a fractional share of New RC common stock by
a U.S. Holder of Conectiv stock will result in taxable gain or loss to such
U.S. Holder for U.S. federal income tax purposes based upon the difference
between the amount of cash received by such U.S. Holder and the U.S. Holder's
adjusted tax basis in the fractional share (determined as described above).

 Dissenters' Appraisal Rights

   A U.S. Holder of Pepco stock or Conectiv stock who exercises dissenters'
appraisal rights as described above under "Dissenters' Appraisal Rights" on
page 64, generally will be treated as if the shares of stock subject to such
rights were redeemed by Pepco or Conectiv, as applicable. In that case, the
U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes equal to the difference between the tax basis of the stock
with respect to which such rights are exercised and the amount received through
the exercise of such rights, provided that such U.S. Holder does not own
directly or constructively any Pepco stock following the Pepco Merger or any
Conectiv stock following the Conectiv Merger. For this purpose, a U.S. Holder
of Pepco stock or Conectiv stock may be treated as owning stock owned by
certain related individuals and entities and stock which such U.S. Holder has
the right to acquire by exercise of an option.

   U.S. Holders of Pepco stock or Conectiv stock who actually or constructively
own Pepco stock or Conectiv stock following the Pepco Merger or the Conectiv
Merger, respectively, should consult their tax advisors to determine the tax
consequences to them resulting from the exercise of their dissenters' appraisal
rights.

 Taxation of Capital Gain

   Gain or loss recognized by a U.S. Holder in connection with the mergers will
constitute capital gain or loss and will constitute long-term capital gain or
loss if the U.S. Holder's holding period is greater than one year as of the
date of the mergers. For non-corporate U.S. Holders, this long-term capital
gain generally will be taxed at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20%.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limits.

 Backup Withholding

   Payments to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders may be subject to backup
withholding at a 31% rate on cash payments received in connection with the
mergers (including cash paid instead of fractional shares of New RC common
stock). Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. Holder who:

 .  furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies as to not
   being subject to backup withholding on IRS Form W- 9 or a substitute or
   successor form; or

 .  is otherwise exempt from backup withholding.

   If a U.S. Holder does not provide a correct taxpayer identification number,
such U.S. Holder may be subject to penalties imposed by the Internal Revenue
Service. Any amount paid as backup withholding does not constitute an
additional tax and will be creditable against such U.S. Holder's U.S. federal
income tax liability. U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors
as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the
procedure for obtaining the exemption.

   A U.S. Holder may avoid backup withholding by completing IRS Form W- 9 or a
substitute or successor form and submitting it to the paying agent for the
transaction when submitting such U.S. Holder's stock certificates.

 Reporting Requirements

   U.S. Holders of Pepco common stock or Conectiv stock receiving New RC common
stock as a result of the mergers will be required to attach to their income tax
returns for the taxable year in which the closing of the transaction occurs,
and maintain a permanent record of, a complete statement of all the facts
relating to the exchange of stock in connection with the transaction. The facts
to be disclosed by a U.S. Holder include the U.S. Holder's basis in the Pepco
common stock or the Conectiv stock, as the case may be, transferred to New RC
and the number of shares of New RC common stock received in the transaction.

Interests of Certain Persons in the Transaction

   Pepco

   In considering the recommendation of the Pepco Board, you should be aware
that certain of Pepco's directors and officers identified below may be deemed
to have interests in the transaction that are or may be different from, or in
addition to, your interests as a stockholder. The Pepco Board was aware of
these interests and considered them, among other matters, in approving the
merger agreement and recommending it for your approval.

   New RC Board of Directors and Management. As of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, other than the announcement that Mr. Derrick will serve
as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of New RC, the identity of
the members of the board of directors and management of New RC had not been
determined. Pepco currently expects that all members of its board of directors
immediately prior to the closing of the transaction will be named as directors
of New RC.

   Severance Agreements. Pepco has entered into severance agreements with Mr.
Andrew W. Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr.
William J. Sim, Senior Vice President, Power Delivery,

and several other officers and general managers of Pepco, each of which
contains change in control provisions. Completion of the transaction would
constitute a change in control under each of these agreements. The agreements
provide for the payment of severance benefits if, within two years following a
change in control, an employee's employment is terminated by Pepco other than
for cause, death, or disability, an employee terminates employment for "good
reason," a successor company does not assume Pepco's obligations under the
agreements, or Pepco or a successor materially breaches the agreement.
Severance benefits are also made under the agreements if, in contemplation of,
but prior to, a change in control, Pepco terminates an employee's employment
without cause or an employee terminates for "good reason." Good reason is
defined as the assignment of duties materially inconsistent with the employee's
duties before a change in control or a material reduction in the employee's
duties or responsibilities, a reduction in base salary, or a relocation of the
employee's office by more than 50 miles.

   Severance payments consist of (1) twenty-four equal monthly payments that
together equal two times the employee's annual base salary in effect at the
time of the termination of employment and two times the average target annual
bonuses received by the employee during the three years prior to the change in
control, and (2) the continuation of welfare benefits for a three-year period
after the date of termination. The agreements also provide for additional
payments, if required, to make the employees whole for any excise tax imposed
under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code.

   If the employment of Messrs. Williams and Sim were to terminate as of
December 31, 2001 under circumstances entitling them to severance benefits
under their severance agreements, it is estimated that, in addition to
continuation of welfare benefits, each would receive the following amounts,
payable in twenty-four monthly installments: Mr. Williams $661,500.66 and Mr.
Sim $624,222.66. These amounts do not reflect any payments that would be
required to make the individuals whole for any excise tax they might incur.

   Long-Term Incentive Plan. Pepco's long-term incentive plan, under which
stock options, restricted stock and other forms of stock-based awards may be
granted to officers, key employees, and directors of Pepco, including Pepco's
directors and Messrs. Derrick, Wraase, Torgerson, Williams, and Sim, contains
change in control provisions. Stockholder approval of the transaction would
constitute a change in control for purposes of the plan. Under the plan's
change in control provisions, participants are entitled to accelerated vesting
or payout of awards if their employment or service on the Pepco Board is
terminated or if they suffer a diminution of responsibility, authority,
position or salary following a change in control. In addition, each "incentive
stock option agreement" awarded under the plan allows the Pepco Board to
accelerate vesting following a proposal to merge or consolidate Pepco with
another company if such merger or consolidation is submitted to Pepco's
stockholders for a vote.

   Other Arrangements Affected by the Transaction. Under various employee plans
of Pepco, the transaction will constitute a change in control, which will
entitle participating employees, including those executives named above, to
benefits if their employment is terminated following the transaction. Under
Pepco's supplemental executive retirement plan and Pepco's executive
performance supplemental retirement plan, officers will be entitled to
accelerated payment of retirement benefits. Under Pepco's executive split-
dollar program, executive officers and other employees will be entitled to
continuation of premium payments.

   In addition, the transaction will require Pepco to fund a trust established
for the payment of benefits that are payable under Pepco's supplemental
executive retirement plan and Pepco's director and executive deferred
compensation plan, and a payment default following the transaction will require
the funding of a second trust established for the payment of benefits payable
under Pepco's supplemental benefit program, Pepco's executive performance
supplemental retirement plan, and Pepco's executive split-dollar insurance
program. Finally, under Pepco's director and executive deferred compensation
plan, in the event of a change in control, which would include stockholder
approval of the transaction, and termination of a participant's employment, a
lump sum payment will be made equal to the net present value of the expected
payments at age 65 discounted using the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
immediate payment interest rate plus one-half of one percent.

   Conectiv

   In considering the recommendation of the Conectiv Board, you should be aware
that certain of Conectiv's directors and officers identified below may be
deemed to have interests in the transaction that are or may be different from,
or in addition to, your interests as a stockholder. The Conectiv Board was
aware of these interests and considered them, along with other matters, in
approving the merger agreement and recommending it for your adoption.

   New RC Board of Directors. The merger agreement provides that, at the
effective time, the New RC board of directors will consist of at least two
directors who were members of the Conectiv Board, chosen by the mutual
agreement of Pepco and Conectiv. As of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the parties had not determined the exact number or
identity of these directors.

   Change in Control Severance Agreements and Plans. Conectiv has change-in-
control severance agreements with Messrs. Cosgrove, Shaw, van Roden, Spence and
Mrs. Graham and two other senior executives. The agreements are intended to
encourage the continued dedication of Conectiv's senior management team. The
agreements provide benefits for these executives upon actual or constructive
termination of employment (other than for cause, or by reason of death or
disability) within the two-year period (one-year period for Mr. Cosgrove)
immediately following a change in control of Conectiv, which definition
includes the closing of the transaction. Upon such a termination, an affected
executive would receive, subject to such executive providing Conectiv with a
general release of claims:

  .  a prorated bonus (based on target) for the year of termination;

  .  a payment equal to three times the sum of base salary and target bonus
     for the year of termination (or, if higher in either case, as in effect
     at the change in control);

  .  for three years following termination, continuation of medical, dental,
     vision, group life and disability benefits at least at a level (and cost
     to the executive) that is substantially similar in the aggregate to the
     level of such benefits available to the executive immediately prior to
     the change in control (with limited exceptions); and

  .  a payment equal to the actuarial equivalent of the additional benefit
     under Conectiv's qualified cash balance pension plan and supplemental
     retirement plan had the executive remained employed for an additional 36
     months.

   For Conectiv's senior executives, the resulting severance amounts, assuming
such termination were to occur as of March 31, 2002, would be as set forth in
the following table:(/1/)

                                          2002                      Non- Cash
                                        Prorated                    Health &
                               Cash      Target       Pension        Welfare
   Executive Officer        Severance  Bonus(/2/) Supplement(/3/) Benefits(/4/) Total(/5/)
   -----------------        ---------- ---------- --------------- ------------- ----------

   H.E. Cosgrove........... $3,244,800  $101,401    $3,000,000       $52,000    $6,398,701
   T.S. Shaw...............  1,989,000    55,249     1,900,000        36,500     3,980,749
   J.C. van Roden..........  1,334,600    34,516       155,000        33,600     1,557,716
   B.S. Graham.............  1,201,200    28,600       635,000        37,400     1,902,200
   W.H. Spence.............  1,123,200    31,200       160,000        26,500     1,340,900
   J.M. Rigby..............  1,048,300    24,960       470,000        33,600     1,576,860
   D.E. Cain...............    839,600    16,146       750,000        49,800     1,655,546

- --------
(1) Actual severance payments, if any, will vary.
(2) Prorated amount reflects 25% of total target award available in 2002.
(3) The pension supplement amount may be a combination of qualified and non-
    qualified funds.
(4) The non-cash benefits include estimated values associated with continued
    coverage under Conectiv's medical, dental, vision, accidental death and
    dismemberment, and life insurance plans.
(5) The total does not consider any amounts that may be payable under the
    Conectiv Gross Up and Legal Fee Plan, which is further discussed below.

   Conectiv also maintains two change-in-control severance plans for executive
employees and other select employees. The plans are substantially similar to
the change in control severance agreements described above, except that:

  .  the plans provide for two or one and one-half times, respectively, the
     sum of base salary and bonus, rather than three;

  .  the plans provide for continuation of welfare benefits for 24 or 18
     months, rather than 36 months; and

  .  the payment of additional pension benefits is calculated as if the
     employee remained employed for an additional 24 or 18 months, rather
     than 36 months.

   In addition, Conectiv has a Gross-Up and Legal Fee Plan, the terms of which
apply to employees covered by these change-in-control severance agreements and
plans, which provides that (1) Conectiv will pay a gross-up payment in the
event that a covered employee is subject to excise taxes pursuant to Section
4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (which is designed to
reimburse the employee for any taxes he or she is responsible for as a result
of the operation of this section of the Code), and (2) Conectiv will pay all
legal fees and expenses incurred in a legal proceeding by a covered employee in
seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit under the Gross-Up and Legal
Fee Plan or a Conectiv change-in-control severance agreement or plan.

   Incentive Compensation Plan. Conectiv maintains an incentive plan that
provides for the grant of annual incentive awards (performance-based cash or
stock awards), restricted stock, stock options, performance units, stock
appreciation rights, dividend equivalents and other awards as the
administrative committee determines. The plan provides that in the event of a
change in control of Conectiv, such as the transaction, unless the committee in
its sole discretion specifies otherwise:

  .  all outstanding options and stock appreciation rights will become
     exercisable;

  .  all outstanding performance units will be cashed out pro rata, based on
     the number of full and partial months that have elapsed with respect to
     a performance period;

  .  the restrictions on restricted stock will lapse; and

  .  annual incentive awards will be treated as the committee determines.

   In the event that the committee determines that any dividend,
recapitalization, merger, consolidation, or similar event or transaction
affects Conectiv's common stock such that an adjustment is appropriate to
prevent dilution or enlargement of participants' rights, the committee may make
such an adjustment or may terminate any award and make an equitable cash
payment for its value, as determined by the committee.

   With respect to stock options, the merger agreement provides that option
holders will be able to elect to either (1) receive a cash payment equal to the
excess, if any, of the merger consideration over the exercise price or (2) have
their options converted into options to purchase New RC common stock.

   Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plans. Conectiv maintains
a Deferred Compensation Plan and a Supplemental Retirement Plan, pursuant to
which and pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, the Personnel and
Compensation Committee, prior to the closing of the transaction and in
consultation with participants under the plans, will determine whether to (1)
distribute all obligations under the plans as of the closing of the transaction
in cash immediately (including the value of the restricted stock units provided
as a match under the management stock purchase program and director stock
purchase program in the Conectiv Deferred Compensation Plan) or (2) distribute
all obligations under the plans in accordance with the distribution elections
previously selected by each participant, in which case, Conectiv, New RC and/or
Pepco will contribute cash to a grantor trust (maintained by an institutional
trustee independent of the parties) in an amount not less than the value, as of
the closing of the transaction, of all obligations to participants under each
of the plans, as determined by the plans' actuary.

   Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance. The merger agreement
provides that, for a period of six years following the effective time, the
directors and officers of Conectiv will continue to be indemnified to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law. In addition, during this period,
New RC has agreed to cause Conectiv to continue to provide these individuals
with directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability
insurance coverage.

Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Transaction

   The federal and state regulatory requirements described below must be
complied with before we can complete the transaction. While we can not give any
assurances as to if and when any of the consents or approvals required for the
transaction will be obtained or the conditions that may be contained therein,
we currently believe that the necessary approvals can be obtained by the first
quarter of 2002.

   State Approvals

              Delaware. Delmarva Power & Light Company (which we refer to as
Delmarva) is subject to the jurisdiction of the Delaware Commission as a public
utility. The approval of the Delaware Commission is required before a Delaware
public utility may directly or indirectly merge or consolidate with any other
person or company. Delaware Commission approval is also required before any
person may directly or indirectly acquire control of a Delaware public utility.
To grant its approval, the Delaware Commission must find that the transaction
is to be made in accordance with law, for a proper purpose and is consistent
with the public interest. New RC and Delmarva have filed an application seeking
the approval of the Delaware Commission consistent with these requirements.

              Maryland. The Maryland Public Service Commission is granted
general authority to supervise and regulate public utilities with operations in
the State of Maryland. Both Pepco and Delmarva have utility operations in the
State of Maryland. Pepco and Conectiv have filed an application with the
Maryland Commission under the Commission's general authority to determine
whether the transaction will have an adverse effect on the relevant Maryland
franchises.

              New Jersey. Atlantic City Electric Company (which we refer to as
Atlantic City Electric) is subject to the jurisdiction of the New Jersey Board
of Public Utilities as a public utility. The approval of the New Jersey
Commission is required before any person may directly or indirectly acquire
control of a New Jersey public utility. In considering a request to acquire
control of a public utility, the New Jersey Commission evaluates the impact of
the acquisition on competition, on the ratepayers affected by the acquisition
of control, on the employees of the affected public utility or utilities, and
on the provision of safe and adequate utility service at just and reasonable
rates. New RC and Atlantic City Electric have filed an application seeking the
approval of the New Jersey Commission consistent with these requirements.

   Atlantic City Electric has operations that are considered "industrial
establishments" under New Jersey's Industrial Site Recovery Act. Under that
Act, filings with and clearances from the New Jersey Department of
Environmental Protection are required for any direct or indirect change of
ownership of an industrial establishment. However, if a transaction involves
only the indirect owner of an industrial establishment with another owner and
the indirect owner's assets would have been unavailable for remediation under
the Industrial Site Recovery Act, the transaction is not subject to the
requirements of that Act. While we do not believe that any filings or
clearances are required for the transaction, New RC, Conectiv and Atlantic City
Electric may make filings with the New Jersey Department of Environmental
Protection as deemed appropriate, including seeking a letter of non-
applicability for the transaction with respect to the Industrial Site Recovery
Act.

              Pennsylvania. Delmarva and Atlantic City Electric each own
minority interests in electric generating stations and related transmission
lines located in Pennsylvania and thus are considered Pennsylvania public
utilities. The approval of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission is
required for a Pennsylvania public utility to directly or indirectly transfer
any public utility property located in Pennsylvania. To grant its approval, the
Pennsylvania Commission must find that the transaction is necessary or proper
for the service,

accommodation, convenience or safety of the public. New RC, Delmarva and
Atlantic City Electric intend to seek the approval of the Pennsylvania
Commission consistent with these requirements.

              Virginia. Delmarva provides utility service in Virginia and is
subject to the jurisdiction of the Virginia State Corporation Commission as a
public service company and a public utility. Because of its ownership of
transmission lines in Virginia, Pepco is subject to the jurisdiction of the
Virginia Commission as a public utility for limited purposes. The Virginia
Commission must approve the acquisition of any Virginia public utility and the
disposition of any utility assets located in Virginia. The applicants must show
that the provision of adequate service at just and reasonable rates will not be
threatened or impaired by the transaction. Delmarva and Pepco have filed an
application seeking the approvals of the Virginia Commission consistent with
these requirements.

              District of Columbia. Pepco is subject to the jurisdiction of the
DC Commission. New RC will not become a public utility as a result of the
transaction. However, in view of the DC Commission's plenary authority over the
operations of Pepco, Pepco has filed an application for approval of the
transaction with the DC Commission.

   Federal Approvals

       Antitrust. Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of
1976, as amended (which we refer to as the HSR Act), and the rules promulgated
thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission, the transaction may not be
consummated until New RC, Pepco and Conectiv file notifications and provide
specified information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust
Division of the Department of Justice and specified waiting period requirements
are satisfied. A review process under the HSR Act is undertaken for the purpose
of determining whether a proposed transaction will have an adverse effect on
competition in the marketplace in which the companies involved in that
transaction currently operate. Since the transaction falls within the scope of
the transactions to which the HSR Act is applicable, the companies must file
notifications with, and present information to, the Department of Justice and
the FTC so as to provide an opportunity for the Department of Justice, the FTC
and the public to evaluate whether the proposed transaction might have any such
anti-competitive effects.

       Even after the HSR Act waiting period expires or terminates, the Federal
Trade Commission or the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice may
later challenge the transaction on antitrust grounds. If the transaction is not
completed within 12 months after the expiration or earlier termination of the
initial HSR Act waiting period, the parties would be required to submit new
information under the HSR Act and a new waiting period would begin. The parties
intend to file notification and report forms under the HSR Act with the Federal
Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice so
that the waiting period will expire or terminate within 12 months before the
anticipated closing of the transaction.

       Public Utility Holding Company Act. In connection with the transaction,
New RC must obtain SEC approval under Sections 9(a)(2) and 10 of the 1935 Act.
Section 9(a)(2) requires that a person who owns, or will by virtue of a
transaction come to own, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of a public utility company, obtain the approval of the SEC
under Section 10 before acquiring a direct or indirect interest in 5% or more
of the voting securities of any additional public utility company in the same
or a separate transaction. The transaction will result in New RC acquiring 5%
or more of the voting securities of the following five public utility
companies: Pepco, Delmarva, Atlantic City Electric, Conectiv Delmarva
Generation, Inc. and Conectiv Atlantic Generation, LLC. Under the applicable
standards of the 1935 Act, the SEC must determine whether:

  .  the transaction would tend towards detrimental interlocking relations or
     a detrimental concentration of control of public utility companies;

  .  the consideration to be paid in connection with the transaction is
     reasonable;

  .  the transaction would unduly complicate the capital structure or be
     detrimental to the proper functioning of New RC's holding company
     system; or

  .  the transaction would violate applicable state law.

   In addition, under Section 10 of the 1935 Act, to approve the transaction,
the SEC must also find that the transaction would serve the public interest
because it would tend toward the economical and efficient development of a
single integrated public utility system (in this case consisting of Pepco's and
Conectiv's combined electric utility properties). With respect to Delmarva's
gas utility operations, we believe that based on recent orders issued by the
SEC under the 1935 Act, the parties will be permitted to retain such gas
operations. New RC intends to file an application with the SEC requesting
approval of the transaction under the 1935 Act.

   New RC expects that after the completion of the transaction, it will have to
register with the SEC as a public utility holding company under the 1935 Act.
The 1935 Act imposes a number of restrictions on the operations of registered
holding company systems. These restrictions include a requirement that the SEC
approve, in advance, securities issuances, sales and acquisitions of utility
assets or of securities of utility companies and acquisitions of interests in
other businesses. The 1935 Act also limits the ability of registered holding
companies to engage in non-utility ventures and regulates transactions between
various affiliates within the holding company system, including the provision
of services by holding company affiliates to the system's utilities. Although
under the 1935 Act the SEC may require the divestiture of any business of the
combined companies that is not functionally related to its core utility
businesses as a condition to approval of the transaction, New RC believes that
all of its material non-utility activities after completion of the acquisition
will meet the requirements for retention by a registered holding company. In
addition, we plan to seek any SEC approvals which we believe are necessary to
allow the continued growth of these businesses.

       Federal Power Act. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission must approve
the transaction. Under Section 203 of the Federal Power Act, the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission is directed to approve a merger if it finds such merger
consistent with the public interest. In reviewing a merger, the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission generally evaluates:

  .  whether the merger will adversely affect competition;

  .  whether the merger will adversely affect rates; and

  .  whether the merger will impair the effectiveness of regulation.

The parties have filed an application with the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission requesting approval of the transaction under the Federal Power Act
in the first half of 2001.

       Atomic Energy Act. Atlantic City Electric holds licenses issued by the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission in connection with its 7.41% ownership interest
in the Salem Nuclear Generating Station, its 7.51% ownership interest in the
Peach Bottom Atomic Generating Station, and its 5% ownership interest in the
Hope Creek Nuclear Generating Station. The Atomic Energy Act of 1954 requires
that any direct or indirect transfer of a license must be approved by the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Although Atlantic City Electric has entered into
agreements to sell its interests in these nuclear facilities, and the related
license transfers have been approved by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the
sale of the facilities is not a condition to completing the transaction. As a
result, if the sale of the nuclear facilities has not been completed, the
transaction will constitute an indirect change of control of Atlantic City
Electric and therefore an indirect transfer of its nuclear licenses. Atlantic
City Electric intends to file an application with the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission in connection with the transaction as appropriate.

       The Communications Act. The Communications Act of 1934 prohibits the
transfer, assignment or disposal in any manner of any construction permit or
station license or any related rights, to any person without approval from the
Federal Communications Commission. The Federal Communications Commission will
approve a transfer of control if it serves the public convenience, interest and
necessity. We will seek the necessary approval from the Federal Communications
Commission for the transfer of control of licenses held by Pepco, Starpower,
Delmarva, Atlantic City Electric, and Conectiv Communications, Inc.

   Other. We are not aware of any material governmental consents or approvals
that are required prior to the parties' consummation of the transaction other
that those described above. Under the terms of the merger agreement, New RC,
Pepco and Conectiv have each agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to
obtain all regulatory approvals, consents and clearances required for the
transaction.

                              THE MERGER AGREEMENT

   The description of the merger agreement set forth below highlights important
terms of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to, and incorporated
by reference in, this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. This
description may not include all the information that interests you. We urge you
to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety.

Effects of the Transaction

   On the fifth business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions
to the transaction as set forth in the merger agreement, the closing of the
transaction will occur. The time of the closing of the mergers in the
transaction is referred to as the effective time. At the effective time, one of
New RC's merger subsidiaries will be merged with and into Pepco in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and
the District of Columbia, and Pepco will be the surviving corporation and will
continue its corporate existence under the laws of the District of Columbia and
the Commonwealth of Virginia. Holders of Pepco common stock will receive one
share of New RC common stock for each share of Pepco common stock that they
hold. No shares of Pepco preferred stock will be exchanged in this merger and
any shares of Pepco preferred stock that were issued and outstanding before
this merger will remain issued and outstanding following this merger. As a
result, Pepco will become a subsidiary of New RC. See "The Transaction--What
Stockholders Will Receive" on page 31.

   Also at the effective time, New RC's other merger subsidiary will be merged
with and into Conectiv in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware,
and Conectiv will be the surviving corporation and will continue its existence
under the laws of the State of Delaware. Stockholders of Conectiv will receive
shares of New RC or cash for each share of Conectiv stock that they own. As a
result, Conectiv will become a subsidiary of New RC. See "The Transaction--What
Stockholders Will Receive" on page 31.

   At the effective time, all shares of Pepco common stock and Conectiv stock
that are held by any of Pepco, Conectiv or their subsidiaries will be canceled
and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be paid for any of these
shares. In addition, all shares of New RC common stock that are issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time will also be canceled, and
no consideration will be delivered in exchange for them.

   As part of the closing of the transaction, the merger agreement provides
that the parties will file articles of merger with the State Corporation
Commission of Virginia and the Mayor of the District of Columbia with respect
to the merger involving Pepco, and a certificate of merger with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware with respect to the merger involving
Conectiv, as prescribed by the laws of Virginia, District of Columbia and
Delaware, respectively. The mergers will become effective simultaneously and at
the time that Pepco and Conectiv specify in the certificate of merger and
articles of merger.

Procedure for Stockholder Elections

   Stockholders of Pepco do not need to make any election regarding the
consideration payable to them, as they will automatically be entitled to
receive one share of New RC common stock for each share of Pepco common stock
which they own.

   Holders of shares of Conectiv stock (other than shares held by Pepco,
Conectiv or any of their subsidiaries, which will be canceled in the
transaction) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the election date (as
described below) will be entitled, subject to the limitations described below,
to choose one of the consideration options listed below, on their form of
election:

  . to receive New RC common stock as consideration for each share of
    Conectiv stock that they own;

  .  to receive cash as consideration for each share of Conectiv stock that
     they own; or

  .  to receive cash for some of the shares of Conectiv stock that they own
     and to receive New RC common stock for some of the shares of Conectiv
     stock that they own.

   A form of election and complete instructions for properly making an election
to receive cash, stock or a combination of cash and stock will be mailed to
stockholders under separate cover after the approval of the transaction, and
between one to two months before the election date (which is two days before
the closing of the transaction). If a stockholder does not make any election
and return the election form by the election date specifying as to the form of
consideration he or she wishes to receive, or if Pepco or the exchange agent
determines, in its discretion, that an election has not been properly made,
then those shares may receive cash or stock consideration, as Pepco may
determine.

Limits on Cash and Stock Consideration and Allocation Rules

   The aggregate total number of shares of Conectiv stock to be converted into
the right to receive cash consideration in the transaction will be equal to 50%
(which we refer to as the Required Cash Number), and the aggregate total number
of shares of Conectiv stock to be converted into the right to receive
consideration of New RC common stock in the transaction will be equal to 50%
(which we refer to as the Required Stock Number), in each case of the total
number of shares of Conectiv stock issued and outstanding immediately before
the effective time of the transaction. Pepco stockholders will receive one
share of New RC common stock for each share of Pepco common stock they own
without regard to any allocation or proration procedures.

   For the purpose of calculation under these allocation rules, one share of
Conectiv Class A common stock will be counted as equal to 0.86757 shares of
Conectiv common stock. (See "How the Merger Consideration for the Conectiv
Class A Common Stock Was Determined" on page 33.)

   In effect, if more than 50% of the total number of shares of Conectiv stock
outstanding as of the closing of the transaction elect to receive cash
consideration, then a pro rata portion of each of these shares will be
allocated stock consideration. Conversely, if more than 50% of the total number
of shares of Conectiv stock outstanding as of the closing of the transaction
elect to receive stock consideration, then a pro rata portion of each of these
shares will be allocated cash consideration.

   Because of the limitations on the number of shares of Conectiv stock to be
exchanged for the right to receive cash consideration and stock consideration
under the election and allocation procedures described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, no assurance can be given that holders of Conectiv stock
will receive the form of cash or stock consideration they have elected to
receive.

   Allocation of Cash Available for Election. In the event that the aggregate
number of shares of Conectiv stock in respect of which cash elections are
received is greater than 50% of the aggregate number of shares of Conectiv
stock issued and outstanding immediately before the effective time of the
transaction, then:

  (1)  all shares of Conectiv stock as to which stockholders elect to receive
       New RC common stock as consideration, and all shares of Conectiv stock
       as to which no election is made, will be exchanged for New RC common
       stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares;

  (2)  a proration factor will be determined by dividing the Required Cash
       Number by the aggregate number of shares of Conectiv stock for which
       cash elections were made, and then the number of shares of Conectiv
       stock covered by each form of election as to which a cash election was
       made will be multiplied by this proration factor, with the resulting
       number of these shares receiving cash consideration; and

  (3)  the remaining shares of Conectiv stock not exchanged for cash under
       number (2) above will be exchanged for New RC common stock and cash in
       lieu of fractional shares.

   Allocation of New RC Common Stock Available for Election. The merger
agreement provides that 50% of the aggregate number of shares of Conectiv stock
issued and outstanding immediately before the effective time of the transaction
will be converted into New RC common stock consideration. In the event that the

aggregate number of shares of Conectiv stock in respect of which stock
elections are received is greater than 50% of the aggregate number of shares of
Conectiv stock issued and outstanding immediately before the effective time of
the transaction, then:

  (1)  all shares of Conectiv stock as to which stockholders elect to receive
       cash as consideration, and all shares of Conectiv stock as to which no
       election is made, will be exchanged for cash consideration;

  (2)  a proration factor will be determined by dividing the Required Stock
       Number by the aggregate number of shares of Conectiv stock for which
       stock elections were made, and then the number of shares of Conectiv
       stock covered by each form of election as to which a stock election
       was made will be multiplied by this proration factor, with the
       resulting number of these shares receiving stock consideration; and

  (3)  the remaining shares of Conectiv stock not exchanged for New RC common
       stock under number (2) above will be exchanged for cash consideration.

   As a result of the above-described proration, the amount of cash and stock
received by Conectiv stockholders may differ from their actual elections, and
no assurance can be given that holders of Conectiv stock will receive the
amount of cash or stock consideration they have elected to receive. Therefore,
if New RC common stock is oversubscribed, a stockholder of Conectiv who elected
to receive some or all of his or her consideration in New RC common stock will
receive less New RC common stock than he or she elected. If cash is
oversubscribed, a stockholder of Conectiv who elected to receive some or all of
his or her consideration in cash will receive less cash than he or she elected.

   For tables illustrating the effect of these allocation and proration rules,
please see pages 33 to 39.

Exchange of Stock Certificates and Payment of Cash

   Exchange Agent. Prior to the effective time, Pepco will appoint a bank or
trust company as the exchange and paying agent in connection with the
transaction. The exchange agent will handle the exchange of certificates and
the payment of all consideration in connection with the transaction. At or
prior to the effective time, Pepco and New RC will deposit with the exchange
agent sufficient cash and certificates representing New RC common stock to make
all payments and deliveries under the merger agreement.

   Exchange Procedures. Prior to the effective time, Pepco will prepare a form
of election which will be mailed by the exchange agent to the record holders of
Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock following the Conectiv
annual meeting, and not more than 60 nor less than 20 business days prior to
the election date (as described below). The exchange agent will use reasonable
efforts to make a form of election available to all persons who become
stockholders of Conectiv between the record date and the date that is two
business days before the effective date (which we refer to as the election
date). The form of election will be used by each of these stockholders to
indicate the form of consideration which he or she wishes to receive for the
shares of Conectiv common stock and Conectiv Class A common stock which he or
she holds. Stockholders may indicate that they wish to receive cash, shares of
New RC common stock or a combination of cash and stock. Shares as to which no
valid form of election is received, or shares as to which the stockholder
indicates no preference as to the type of consideration, will be deemed to have
elected cash or shares of New RC common stock as determined by Pepco.

   Conectiv stockholders will have until the election date to return the
completed and signed form of election, together with the certificates that
represent the stock of Conectiv to which the form of election relates, to the
exchange agent. To be effective, a form of election must be:

  .  properly completed and signed by the stockholder of record;

  .  accompanied by certificates for the Conectiv stock for which the
     election is being made (duly endorsed in blank or otherwise in form
     acceptable for transfer on the books of Conectiv, or by an appropriate
     guarantee of delivery); and

  .  delivered to the exchange agent before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on
     the date specified in the form of election.

   Stockholders may revoke their elections by sending written notice to the
exchange agent before the deadline for submitting elections. Upon any such
revocation, the certificates (or delivery guarantees) covered by
the election will be promptly returned. Pepco (and, at Pepco's option, the
exchange agent) will have the discretion to determine whether forms of election
have been properly completed, signed and submitted or revoked and to disregard
immaterial defects in forms of election.

   Within five days of the effective time, the exchange agent will mail to all
holders of Pepco common stock and to those holders of Conectiv common stock and
Conectiv Class A common stock who did not return a properly executed and
complete form of election:

  .  a letter of transmittal for use in submitting shares to the exchange
     agent for exchange; and

  .  instructions explaining what the stockholder must do to effect the
     surrender of Pepco and/or Conectiv certificates in exchange for
     consideration to be issued in the transaction.

   Pepco stockholders, and any Conectiv stockholder who has not already
submitted all of his or her certificates accompanied by a form of election,
should complete and sign the letter of transmittal and return it to the
exchange agent together with such certificates in accordance with the
instructions. Stockholders who hold shares through a nominee (for example, if
their shares of common stock are held by a broker as nominee) will not need to
request that certificates be issued. Those stockholders will need to make their
elections in the same time period and will receive separate instructions at
that time.

   Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. If certificates for any Pepco or
Conectiv stock have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the stockholder must submit
an affidavit to that effect to the exchange agent. New RC may also require the
stockholder to deliver a bond to the exchange agent in an amount reasonably
required to indemnify the exchange agent against claims with respect to lost
certificates.

   Transfer of Ownership. The exchange agent will issue a certificate for
shares of New RC common stock in a name other than that in which the Pepco or
Conectiv certificate surrendered in exchange therefor was registered only if
the certificate surrendered is properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form
for transfer. The person requesting the exchange must also have paid any
required transfer or other taxes or established to the satisfaction of the
exchange agent that no tax is payable.

   Payments Following Surrender. After the effective time, each stockholder who
has surrendered his or her certificates to the exchange agent with the letter
of transmittal, or, in the case of Conectiv stockholders, possibly with the
form of election, will be entitled to receive the merger consideration, which
will consist of a certificate representing, in the aggregate, the whole number
of shares of New RC common stock that that stockholder has the right to receive
under the merger agreement and/or a check in an amount equal to any cash that
such holder has the right to receive as consideration for his or her shares of
Conectiv stock plus, in the case of Conectiv stockholders, any cash that such
holder has the right to receive as payment for fractional shares of New RC
common stock. Also upon such surrender of certificates, the stockholder will be
entitled to receive payment for the amount of dividends or other distributions
with a record date before the effective time that have already been paid with
respect to whole shares of New RC common stock. These stockholders will also be
paid, on the appropriate payment date the amount of dividends or other
distributions with a record date after the effective time but prior to
surrender, and a payment date subsequent to surrender, payable with respect to
such whole shares of New RC common stock. No interest will be paid or will
accrue on any cash payable under the merger agreement.

   Stockholders should not forward certificates to Pepco or Conectiv at any
time. Stockholders should not forward certificates to the exchange agent until
they have received a form of election or letter of transmittal. Stockholders
should not return certificates with the enclosed proxy. A form of election and
complete instructions for properly making an election to receive cash, New RC
common stock or a combination of cash and stock will be mailed to Conectiv
stockholders under separate cover not more than 60 days nor less than 20

days before the anticipated election date (which is two business days before
the anticipated effective time), and a letter of transmittal will be mailed to
Pepco stockholders and to Conectiv stockholders who did not return a properly
executed and complete form of election, within five days of the effective time.
The effective time is currently anticipated to be in the first quarter of 2002.

Representations and Warranties of Pepco and Conectiv

   In the merger agreement, each of Pepco and Conectiv makes representations
and warranties about itself and its business in favor of the other party. These
representations and warranties relate to such matters as:

  .  the organization of the parties and their subsidiaries and similar
     corporate matters;

  .  the parties' capital structures;

  .  authorization, execution, delivery, performance and enforceability of
     the merger agreement and related matters;

  .  absence of breach or conflict and compliance with applicable laws,
     regulations, organizational documents, agreements and other existing
     obligations;

  .  regulatory approvals, licenses and permits;

  .  reports and financial statements filed with the SEC and accuracy of the
     information contained therein;

  .  absence of material adverse changes and the non-occurrence of specified
     events;

  .  approval of the transaction by the respective party's board of
     directors;

  .  rights plans;

  .  votes required to adopt the merger agreement;

  .  non-applicability of state takeover law provisions to the transaction;

  .  brokers' and finders' fees incurred in connection with the transaction;

  .  opinions of Credit Suisse First Boston and Merrill Lynch;

  .  regulation as a utility and regulation under the 1935 Act;

  .  tax matters;

  .  retirement and other employee benefit plans, and matters relating to the
     Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended;

  .  litigation;

  .  environmental compliance and liability;

  .  beneficial ownership or holding by either Pepco or Conectiv of common
     shares, or rights to acquire common shares, issued by the other party;

  .  intellectual property;

  .  insurance;

  .  with respect to Conectiv, nuclear operation and Nuclear Regulatory
     Commission actions;

  .  with respect to Conectiv, commodity matters;

  .  with respect to Pepco, matters related to New RC; and

  .  with respect to Pepco, sufficiency of funds to complete the transaction.

Covenants Relating to the Conduct of Business Before the Effective Time

   Ordinary Course of Business. In the merger agreement, each of Pepco and
Conectiv has agreed that, pending the completion of the transaction, each of
them and their subsidiaries will carry on their businesses in the usual,
regular and ordinary course consistent with past practice and will use all
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact their present business
organizations and goodwill, preserve the goodwill and relationships with
customers, suppliers and others having business dealings with them and (subject
to prudent management of their workforces and on-going programs currently in
force) keep available the services of their present officers and employees, to
the end that their goodwill and ongoing businesses shall not be impaired in any
material respect at the effective time.

   Conectiv Covenants. Under the merger agreement, during the period from
February 9, 2001 until the effective time, Conectiv has agreed as to itself and
its subsidiaries that, except as contemplated or permitted by the merger
agreement or as required by a governmental entity or by applicable law, rule or
regulation, or to the extent that Pepco consents in writing (which consent is
not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld), Conectiv and each of its
subsidiaries will be subject to customary restrictions for the conduct of its
business as to, among other things:

  .  changes in lines of business;

  .  investments;

  .  dividends and distributions;

  .  changes in capital structure;

  .  issuances of securities;

  .  organizational documents;

  .  acquisitions;

  .  dispositions of assets;

  .  incurrence of guarantees or indebtedness;

  .  material contracts;

  .  capital expenditures;

  .  employee benefit plans and similar matters;

  .  accounting matters;

  .  rate matters and 1935 Act matters;

  .  insurance;

  .  actions with respect to the tax treatment of the transaction;

  .  Conectiv's rights plan;

  .  affiliate agreements;

  .  third-party standstill agreements;

  .  environmental matters;

  .  tax matters and tax rulings; and

  .  actions that would reasonably be expected to result in the closing
     conditions not being satisfied.

Conectiv also agrees, if requested by Pepco, to use its reasonable best efforts
to obtain specified third-party consents.

   Pepco Covenants. Under the merger agreement, during the period from February
9, 2001 until the effective time, Pepco has agreed as to itself and its
subsidiaries that, except as contemplated or permitted by the merger agreement
or as required by a governmental entity or by applicable law, rule or
regulation, or to the extent that Conectiv consents in writing (which consent
is not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld), Pepco and each of its
subsidiaries will be subject to customary restrictions for the conduct of its
business as to, among other things:

  .  dividends and distributions;

  .  changes in capital structure;

  .  issuances of securities;

  .  organizational documents;

  .  acquisitions;

  .  dispositions of assets;

  .  incurrence of guarantees or indebtedness;

  .  accounting matters;

  .  1935 Act matters;

  .  insurance;

  .  actions with respect to the tax treatment of the transaction;

  .  acquisition of other entities;

  .  activities of New RC and its merger subsidiaries;

  .  actions that would reasonably be expected to result in the closing
     conditions not being satisfied; and

  .  actions that could reasonably be expected to materially delay or impede
     the transaction.

   Additional Covenants. Conectiv and Pepco have also agreed to several other
covenants for the conduct of their actions prior to the effective time. Among
these are that, subject to applicable laws and regulations:

  .  Conectiv will confer with, and report to, Pepco on operational matters;

  .  Conectiv and Pepco will file all reports required to be filed by each of
     them with the SEC and other governmental entities between February 9,
     2001 and the effective time and will deliver to the other party copies
     of all these documents;

  .  each party will have the right to review in advance, and will consult
     with the other with respect to, all the information relating to the
     other party and each of their respective subsidiaries, which appears in
     any filings, announcements or publications made with, or written
     materials submitted to, any third party or any governmental entity in
     connection with the transaction;

  .  Conectiv and Pepco will each appoint one or more representatives to a
     committee that will be responsible for coordinating transition planning
     and implementation relating to the transaction; and

  .  Conectiv, New RC and Pepco will coordinate with each other the
     declaration, setting of record dates and payment of dividends on capital
     stock of Conectiv or any of Conectiv's subsidiaries so that holders of
     capital stock of Conectiv or any of Conectiv's subsidiaries do not
     receive dividends on either both or none of the capital stock of
     Conectiv or any of Conectiv's subsidiaries and New RC common stock
     received in the transaction in respect of any calendar quarter.

   In addition, each of Pepco and Conectiv may, with respect to the quarter in
which the effective time occurs, pay a special dividend with respect to each
class of its common stock in an amount consisting of the pro rata portion of
the dividend which it would be permitted to pay had the effective time not
occurred in that quarter, payable for the period from and including the first
day of such quarter through, but not including, the day of the effective time.

Acquisition Proposals

   Negotiations and Provision of Information. Under the merger agreement,
Conectiv has agreed that it will immediately cease any existing discussions or
negotiations, if any, with any parties with respect to any proposal for
Conectiv to engage in any merger, recapitalization, consolidation, business
combination, sale of 15% or more of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, sale of 15% or more of the shares of capital
stock of Conectiv or any of its subsidiaries whose assets constitute 15% or
more of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or similar or comparable transactions involving Conectiv or any of its
subsidiaries, other than the transactions contemplated in the merger agreement.
We refer to any such proposal as an Acquisition Proposal. Conectiv agrees not
to solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage or otherwise facilitate any inquiries
or the making of any proposal or offer with respect to an Acquisition Proposal,
and not to engage in negotiations or discussions concerning, or provide any
non-public information to any entity relating to any Acquisition Proposal.

   The Conectiv Board may, however, furnish information to, or engage in
discussions or negotiations with, any person in response to an unsolicited bona
fide written Acquisition Proposal of that person if, and only to the extent
that, the Conectiv Board determines in good faith, after consultation with
outside legal counsel, that such action is reasonably necessary for the
Conectiv Board to act in a manner consistent with its fiduciary duties under
applicable law.

   Superior Proposal. If a third party makes a bona fide written proposal for
Conectiv to engage in any merger, recapitalization, consolidation, business
combination, sale of a majority of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, sale of a majority of the shares of capital
stock of Conectiv or any of its subsidiaries whose assets constitute a majority
of the consolidated assets of Conectiv and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or similar or comparable transactions involving Conectiv or any of its
subsidiaries, that the Conectiv Board concludes in good faith (after
consultation with its financial advisor and legal counsel), taking into account
all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of the proposal and the
person making the proposal, would, if consummated, result in a transaction that
is more favorable to Conectiv's stockholders (in their capacities as
stockholders), from a financial point of view, than the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement and is reasonably capable of being
completed (which we refer to as a Superior Proposal), then the Conectiv Board
may approve the Superior Proposal and terminate the merger agreement, but only
if:

  .  Conectiv first provides Pepco with a reasonable opportunity (not to
     exceed three business days) to make adjustments in the terms and
     conditions of the merger agreement sufficient to cause the Conectiv
     Board to determine that the Superior Proposal at issue no longer
     constitutes a Superior Proposal; and

  .  Conectiv pays to Pepco a termination fee of $60 million.

Stock Options

   Under the merger agreement, Conectiv agrees to take all action reasonably
necessary so that, immediately prior to the effective time, the outstanding
stock options issued under its stock option plan will become vested and
exercisable as of the effective time and will, at the election of the holder
thereof, be either:

  .  canceled, in which case the holder will be entitled to receive cash in
     an amount equal to the excess, if any, of $25 per share over the
     exercise price per share of the stock option, or

  .  converted into an option to purchase a number of shares of New RC common
     stock that the stockholder would have received in the transaction had
     the stock option been exercised prior to the effective time.

   The exercise price of each converted option will be adjusted to retain the
ratio between the exercise price of the option and the value of the underlying
shares of stock. Otherwise, the terms and conditions of the converted options
will not change. New RC will use its best efforts to register, and maintain the
registration of, the New RC common stock subject to the converted options.

Employment Related Obligations; Employee Benefits

   Following the effective time of the transaction, and subject to the other
terms of the merger agreement, New RC will, or will cause the appropriate
subsidiary to:

  .  assume and honor all employment-related obligations, agreements and
     benefits plans covering current and former employees, directors and
     consultants of Conectiv or any of its subsidiaries;

  .  for at least two years after the effective time, provide each Conectiv
     employee with a base salary or wages at least equal to that provided to
     the employee immediately prior to the effective time, and provide
     benefits to these employees that are no less favorable in the aggregate
     than the benefits provided to them immediately prior to the effective
     time;

  .  for that two-year (or, if applicable, such longer) period, provide each
     Conectiv employee with severance payments and benefits no less favorable
     than those provided under the Conectiv severance plans and policies in
     effect immediately prior to the effective time; and

  .  for the two-year period following the effective time, not amend (other
     than to provide for the substitution of stock in connection with the
     transaction) or terminate Conectiv's supplemental retirement plan or
     deferred compensation plan.

   Although New RC, Conectiv or the appropriate subsidiary will assume the
obligations described above, except for Conectiv's supplemental retirement plan
and deferred compensation plan, New RC, Conectiv or the appropriate subsidiary
may terminate or amend any benefit plan if such amendment or termination is
allowed under the plan, subject to satisfaction of any legal duty to bargain
with the collective bargaining representatives with respect to these matters.

   In addition, if Conectiv's Personnel and Compensation Committee decides to
distribute benefits to participants according to the participants' previous
elections in its supplemental retirement plan and deferred compensation plan
upon termination of employment or service following the effective time, Pepco,
New RC or Conectiv will, to the extent Conectiv has not already done so,
contribute cash to a grantor trust or trusts maintained by an independent
institutional trustee, as soon as practicable after the effective time of the
transaction, in an amount not less than the value, as of the effective time, of
all participants' benefits under the supplemental retirement plan and the
deferred compensation plan, as determined by Conectiv's actuary.

   With respect to any Conectiv benefit plans in which Conectiv employees
participate after the effective time, New RC will, or will cause Conectiv or
the appropriate subsidiary to:

  .  if either satisfied or inapplicable under Conectiv's benefit plans
     immediately before the effective time, waive limitations as to pre-
     existing conditions, exclusions and waiting periods related to
     participation and coverage of Conectiv's employees under any benefit
     plan in which these employees may participate after the effective time;

  .  provide each Conectiv employee with credit for any co-payments and
     deductibles paid prior to the effective time; and

  .  if recognized under a comparable Conectiv benefit plan immediately
     before the effective time, recognize Conectiv's employees' service with
     Conectiv and its current and former affiliates for all purposes in
     benefit plans in which these employees may be eligible to participate
     after the effective time, unless it would result in a duplication of
     benefits that is neither contemplated in a New RC plan, agreement or
     arrangement nor approved by New RC.

Directors' and Officers' Indemnification and Insurance

   With some limitations and restrictions, the merger agreement provides that,
for a period of six years following the effective time, New RC and Conectiv (as
a surviving corporation in the transaction) will, jointly and severally,
indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
law, any person who was an officer, director or employee of Conectiv and its
subsidiaries at the effective time against all claims, losses, liabilities,
damages, judgments, fines and reasonable fees, costs and expenses (including
attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred in connection with any claim, action,
proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, arising out of or pertaining to the fact that the person is or
was an officer, director or employee of Conectiv or any of its subsidiaries or
matters existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time, whenever these
claims, actions, etc. were asserted or claimed.

   The persons who receive this indemnification may not settle any claim
without the prior approval of New RC, and will be entitled to advancement of
expenses incurred in the defense of any claim, action, proceeding or
investigation; provided that any person to whom these expenses are advanced
must provide an undertaking, to the extent required by the Delaware General
Corporation Law, to repay these advances if it is ultimately determined that
this person is not entitled to indemnification.

   In addition, New RC has agreed to cause Conectiv (as a surviving corporation
in the transaction):

  .  to maintain in effect, for a period of six years after the effective
     time, in its certificate of incorporation and bylaws the current
     provisions regarding elimination of liability of directors and
     indemnification of, and advancement of expenses to, officers, directors
     and employees contained in the certificate of incorporation and bylaws
     of Conectiv; and

  .  at the election of New RC, for a period of six years after the effective
     time, either:

   .  to maintain in effect the current policies of directors' and officers'
      liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance maintained by
      Conectiv, or

   .  to provide tail coverage for persons covered by current policies of
      directors' and officers' liability insurance and fiduciary liability
      insurance maintained by Conectiv which will provide coverage for a
      period of six years for acts prior to the effective time on terms no
      less favorable than the terms of such current insurance coverage.

Additional Agreements

   Reasonable Best Efforts. The parties have agreed as to themselves and their
subsidiaries that, subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement,
they will use their reasonable best efforts to take all actions and do all
things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to
consummate the transaction as soon as practicable, including the obtaining of
regulatory approvals.

   Pepco's Stock Buyback Program. Prior to the effective time, Pepco will not
rescind, or modify in a manner adverse to Conectiv, its program to repurchase
up to $450 million of Pepco common stock. In addition, Pepco agrees to
implement such program in good faith consistent with past practices and subject
to its reasonable business judgment.

   The New RC Board. At or prior to the effective time, the New RC Board will
elect, effective immediately following the effective time, at least two persons
who were members of the Conectiv Board prior to the effective time. Those
directors will be chosen by the mutual agreement of Pepco and Conectiv.

   Significant Presence and Community Support. The merger agreement provides
that Pepco intends that Conectiv, after the effective time, will maintain a
significant presence in Wilmington, Delaware. In addition, after the effective
time, Conectiv will provide charitable contributions and community support at
comparable levels as have been provided before the effective time within
Conectiv's and its subsidiaries' service areas.

Conditions to the Transaction

   Conditions to Each Party's Obligation to Effect the Transaction. Unless
waived in writing, the obligations of the parties to complete the transaction
are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

  .  the stockholders of each of Conectiv and Pepco have, respectively,
     adopted and approved the merger agreement;

  .  no federal, state, local or foreign, if any, law, statute, regulation,
     code, ordinance or decree has been adopted or promulgated, and no
     temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or
     other order issued by a court or other governmental entity of competent
     jurisdiction is in effect, and has the effect of making the transaction
     illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the transaction;

  .  the parties have obtained the required statutory approvals, which have
     become final orders, and no final order imposes terms or conditions that
     would reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect (as
     defined below) on New RC (giving effect to the transaction);

  .  the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has been terminated or
     has expired;

  .  the shares of New RC common stock to be issued or reserved for issuance
     in, or in connection with, the transaction have been approved upon
     official notice of issuance for listing on NYSE; and

  .  the registration statement has been declared effective and the SEC has
     not threatened, initiated or taken any action suspending the
     effectiveness of the registration statement.

   Under the merger agreement, "material adverse effect" means, with respect to
any entity, any change or effect that would be materially adverse to the
business, financial condition or results of operations of such entity and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole, other than any change or effect resulting from
the following:

  .  changes in economic conditions;

  .  the announcement and performance of the merger agreement and compliance
     with its covenants;

  .  changes or developments in the industries in which such entity and its
     subsidiaries operate;

  .  any failure to consummate the transactions contemplated by any of the
     agreements specified by Conectiv; or

  .  certain other specified items.

   Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Pepco. The obligations of Pepco
to complete the transaction are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
the following additional conditions:

  .  the representations and warranties of Conectiv in the merger agreement
     are correct as of the closing date or at the earlier date to which they
     relate, as applicable, unless the failure of all the representations and
     warranties that are not qualified as to having a material adverse effect
     have not had or would not reasonably be expected to have a material
     adverse effect;

  .  Conectiv has performed or complied in all material respects with all
     material agreements and covenants required to be performed by it under
     the merger agreement prior to the closing date;

  .  Pepco has received from LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, L.L.P., counsel
     to Pepco, a written opinion dated as of the closing date that the
     transaction will be treated for federal income tax purposes as
     transactions described in Section 351 of the Code;

  .  no material adverse effect on Conectiv has occurred and no fact or
     circumstance exists which would reasonably be expected to have a
     material adverse effect on Conectiv; and

  .  with respect to the statutory approvals required for the transaction
     from the state commissions where only Conectiv has regulated operations,
     these approvals shall have become final orders and no final order has
     imposed terms and conditions that would reasonably be expected to result
     in a material adverse effect on Conectiv.

   Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Conectiv. The obligations of
Conectiv to complete the transaction are also subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following additional conditions:

  .  the representations and warranties of Pepco in the merger agreement are
     correct as of the closing date or at the earlier date to which they
     relate, as applicable, unless the failure of all the representations and
     warranties that are not qualified as to having a material adverse effect
     have not had or would not reasonably be expected to have a material
     adverse effect;

  .  Pepco has performed or complied in all material respects with all
     material agreements and covenants required to be performed by it under
     the merger agreement prior to the closing date;

  .  Conectiv has received from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, counsel to
     Conectiv, a written opinion dated as of the closing date that the
     transaction, will be treated for federal income tax purposes as
     transactions described in Section 351 of the Code; and

  .  no material adverse effect has occurred on Pepco and no fact or
     circumstance exists which would reasonably be expected to have a
     material adverse effect on Pepco.

Termination

   Pepco and Conectiv each have the right to terminate the merger agreement,
whether before or after the stockholders have adopted the merger agreement,
under the following circumstances:

  .  by mutual written consent;

  .  if the transaction has not been completed by August 9, 2002, so long as
     the delay has not been caused by a failure of the party seeking
     termination to fulfill its obligations under the merger agreement. If
     all closing conditions are satisfied or able to be satisfied on August
     9, 2002, other than the receipt of the required statutory approvals, but
     the receipt of these approvals is being pursued diligently and in good
     faith, then the date for termination will be extended to February 9,
     2003;

  .  if any governmental entity has issued an order, decree or ruling or has
     taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
     prohibiting the transaction, and this order, decree, ruling or other
     action has become final and nonappealable, unless caused by the failure
     of the party seeking termination to fulfill its obligations in the
     merger agreement to work with these governmental entities to permit the
     transaction to be completed; or

  .  if the stockholders of either party do not adopt or approve the merger
     agreement at their duly held meetings of stockholders.

   In addition, Pepco has the right to terminate the merger agreement under the
following circumstances:

  .  if the Conectiv Board withdraws, or modifies in any manner adverse to
     Pepco, its approval of the merger agreement, approves or recommends an
     Acquisition Proposal or resolves to take any of those actions; or

  .  if a material breach of Conectiv's representations, warranties,
     covenants or agreements in the merger agreement has occurred such that
     Conectiv would not satisfy its closing conditions under the merger
     agreement before August 9, 2002 (or, if applicable, February 9, 2003)
     and has not been remedied within 30 business days after Conectiv
     receives notice in writing from Pepco specifying the nature of such
     breach and requesting that it be remedied, as long as at that time
     Pepco, New RC and New RC's merger subsidiaries are not in material
     breach of any of Pepco's representations, warranties, covenants or
     agreements contained in the merger agreement.

   In addition, Conectiv has the right to terminate the merger agreement under
the following circumstances:

  .  if the Conectiv Board approves a Superior Proposal, as long as Conectiv
     first provides Pepco with a reasonable opportunity to make adjustments
     in the terms and conditions of the merger agreement sufficient to cause
     the Conectiv Board to determine that the Superior Proposal no longer
     constitutes a Superior Proposal and Conectiv pays Pepco the termination
     fee described below;

  .  if a material breach of the representations, warranties, covenants or
     agreements of Pepco, New RC and New RC's merger subsidiaries in the
     merger agreement has occurred such that the Pepco would not satisfy its
     closing conditions under the merger agreement before August 9, 2002 (or,
     if applicable, February 9, 2003) and has not been remedied within 30
     business days after Pepco receives notice in writing from Conectiv
     specifying the nature of such breach and requesting that it be remedied,
     as long as at that time Conectiv is not in material breach of any of its
     representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the
     merger agreement;

  .  if the Pepco Board withdraws, or modifies in any manner adverse to
     Conectiv, its approval of the merger agreement or resolves to take any
     of those actions; or

  .  if the Average Final Price is less than $16.50, as long as Conectiv
     first gives Pepco written notice of Conectiv's intent to terminate for
     this reason at any time during the three-business day period starting on
     the date on which the Average Final Price was determined, following
     which Pepco has two business days to, at its option, supplement the
     stock portion of the merger consideration by either (i) adjusting the
     exchange ratio so as to provide holders of Conectiv stock with a value
     of $21.15 per share of Conectiv common stock and $18.35 per share of
     Conectiv Class A common stock or (ii) maintaining the exchange ratio and
     paying additional cash consideration to Conectiv stockholders entitled
     to receive New RC common stock so that they receive a total value of
     $21.15 per share of Conectiv common stock and $18.35 per share of
     Conectiv Class A common stock, or (iii) doing a combination of (i) and
     (ii), provided that any such combination must be in the same proportion
     with respect to the Conectiv common stock and the Conectiv Class A
     common stock. See "The Transaction--Conectiv "Walk-Away' Right and Pepco
     "Top-Up' Right" on page 39.

   Effect of Termination. If the merger agreement is terminated, there will be
no liability or obligation on the part of Pepco or Conectiv or any of their
officers or directors, except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement
and as described below under "Termination Fees." Nothing, however, will
relieve any party from liability for a willful breach of the merger agreement.

   Termination Fees. Under the merger agreement, termination fees are payable
in the following circumstances:

  .  If Conectiv terminates the merger agreement due to the Conectiv Board's
     approval of a Superior Proposal, Conectiv will be obligated to pay a
     termination fee of $60 million to Pepco.

  .  If Conectiv or Pepco terminate the merger agreement due to the failure
     of Conectiv's stockholders to adopt the merger agreement, at any time
     after February 9, 2001 and at or before the time of the Conectiv
     stockholders' meeting, a bona fide Acquisition Proposal (with the
     replacement of "15%" with "35%" in the definition of Acquisition
     Proposal) has been made public and has not been withdrawn and, within 12
     months of the termination of the merger agreement, Conectiv enters into
     a definitive

   agreement with a third party with respect to an Acquisition Proposal
   (which is subsequently consummated) or an Acquisition Proposal is
   consummated, then Conectiv will be obligated to pay a termination fee of
   $60 million to Pepco.

  .  If Pepco terminates the merger agreement as a result of the Conectiv
     Board withdrawing or modifying its approval of the merger agreement and
     the transaction, approving or recommending an Acquisition Proposal, or
     resolving to do any of those things, so long as this action by the
     Conectiv Board giving rise to Pepco's termination right was not caused
     by Pepco entering into a definitive agreement with respect to a business
     combination involving Pepco that could reasonably be expected to
     materially delay or impede the consummation of the transaction, then
     Conectiv will be obligated to pay a termination fee of $60 million to
     Pepco.

  .  If Conectiv or Pepco terminate the merger agreement due to the failure
     of Pepco's stockholders to adopt the merger agreement, at any time after
     February 9, 2001 and at or before the time of the Pepco stockholders'
     meeting a bona fide proposal with respect to a business combination
     involving Pepco has been made public and not withdrawn and, within 12
     months of the termination of merger agreement, Pepco enters into a
     definitive agreement with a third party with respect to a business
     combination (which is subsequently consummated) or a business
     combination involving Pepco is consummated, then Pepco will be obligated
     to pay a termination fee of $60 million to Conectiv.

  .  If Conectiv terminates the merger agreement as a result of the Pepco
     Board withdrawing or modifying its approval of the merger agreement and
     the transaction, or resolving to do any of those things, then Pepco will
     be obligated to pay a termination fee of $60 million to Conectiv.

Amendment and Waiver

   Amendment. The merger agreement may be amended by Pepco, Conectiv and New RC
at any time before or after the stockholders of Pepco and Conectiv adopt the
merger agreement. However, after these stockholder approvals, if any laws or
rules of any relevant stock exchange require additional stockholder approval
for an amendment, then such an amendment may not be made without that approval.

   Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the effective time, the parties may:

  .  extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other
     acts of the other parties;

  .  waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the
     other parties; and

  .  waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained in
     the merger agreement.

   The failure of any party to the merger agreement to assert any of its rights
under the merger agreement will not constitute a waiver of those rights.

                APPROVAL OF THE NEW RC LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

   In connection with the transaction, the New RC Board has adopted the New RC
Long-Term Incentive Plan (which we refer to in this section as the Plan). The
Plan is being submitted for approval to the stockholders of Pepco and the
stockholders of Conectiv at their respective annual meetings. If the
transaction is completed and the Plan is approved by the stockholders of both
Pepco and Conectiv, the Plan will become effective on the closing date of the
transaction.

Description of the Plan

   The continuing growth and development and financial success of New RC and
its subsidiaries will be dependent upon ensuring the best possible management.
The New RC Board believes that the Plan will be an important aid to New RC in
attracting and retaining individuals of outstanding abilities and in rewarding
them for the continued profitable performance of New RC and its subsidiaries. A
summary of the material provisions of the Plan is set forth below. Please read
this information in conjunction with the full text of the Plan, which is
attached as Annex I to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

   Objective. The objective of the Plan is to increase stockholder value by
providing a long-term incentive to reward officers, key employees, and
directors of New RC and its subsidiaries for the profitable performance of New
RC and its subsidiaries, and to increase the ownership of New RC common stock
by such individuals.

   Term of the Plan. The Plan has a term of ten years, commencing at the
effective time, but may be terminated earlier by the New RC Board.

   Shares Available under the Plan. The total number of shares of New RC common
stock for which awards may be granted to participants under the Plan is
10,000,000. If an award lapses or the participant's rights with respect to an
award otherwise terminate, the shares of New RC common stock subject to the
award will again be available for future awards under the Plan. The shares of
New RC common stock available for awards under the plan may consist of
authorized and unissued shares, shares held in treasury, or shares purchased in
the open market (including private purchases).

   Administration. The Plan provides that it will be administered by a
committee of the New RC Board (which we refer to as the Committee), but
generally allows the New RC Board in its entirety, in its discretion, to assume
responsibility for any of the functions for which the Committee is responsible
under the terms of the Plan, except in the case of awards that are intended to
satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. In
addition, the New RC Board has retained the sole authority and discretion to
modify the provision of the Plan that provides for an annual grant to the non-
employee directors of New RC of an option to purchase 1,000 shares of New RC
common stock. Subject to these qualifications, the Plan gives the Committee
broad authority to determine the persons to whom, and the times at which,
awards will be granted, expire, or lapse, the types of awards to be granted,
the number of shares of New RC common stock to be covered by each award, and
all other terms and conditions for awards granted under the Plan. After awards
are made, the Committee also is responsible for all questions of interpretation
and application of the Plan.

Eligible Participants

   Under the Plan, the Committee from time to time, in its sole discretion, may
make awards to officers or key employees of New RC and its subsidiaries
selected by the Committee and may grant awards in the form of nonqualified
stock options to the non-employee directors of New RC. In addition, in
accordance with the terms of the Plan, each non-employee director of New RC
will receive annually, on or about May 1 of each year, a nonqualified stock
option to purchase 1,000 shares of New RC common stock. The Pepco Board
anticipates that immediately following the effectiveness of the Plan
approximately 150 officers and key employees of New RC and its subsidiaries and
approximately 10 non-employee directors of New RC would be eligible to
participate in the Plan.

   Awards. The Plan provides for the granting of the following types of awards:

   Restricted Stock. An award of restricted stock consists of shares of New RC
common stock that the grantee is prohibited from transferring until the lapse
of a restriction period and that are subject to forfeiture if the condition to
the vesting of the shares is not satisfied. Receipt of a restricted stock award
does not require a payment by the grantee. The Committee establishes the terms
and conditions of each grant, including the restriction period (which will be
not less than one and not more than ten years), whether dividends will be paid
currently or accumulated, and the form of any dividend payment.

   The vesting of a restricted stock award may be conditioned on the completion
of a specified period of service (which we refer to as a service-based award)
or on the attainment, during a performance period, of one or more performance
objectives (which we refer to as a performance-based award). The performance
objectives for performance-based awards, which may vary from participant to
participant, will be based on such performance criteria or combination of
factors, as the Committee deems appropriate. In the case of a performance-based
restricted stock award that is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section
162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the vesting of the award may be based, in
the sole discretion of the Committee, on one or more business criteria that
relate to the individual grantee, groups of individuals, a product or service
line, a business unit, a division, or a subsidiary of New RC or New RC as a
whole, individually or in any combination. The performance goals will consist
of any one or more of the following:

  .  gross, operating or net earnings before or after income taxes;

  .  earnings per share;

  .  book value per share;

  .  cash flow per share;

  .  return on equity;

  .  return on investment;

  .  return on assets, employed assets or net assets;

  .  total stockholder return (expressed on a dollar or percentage basis);

  .  return on cash flow;

  .  internal rate of return;

  .  cash flow return on investment;

  .  improvements in capital structure;

  .  residual income;

  .  gross income, profitability or net income;

  .  price of any New RC security;

  .  sales to customers (expressed on a dollar or percentage basis);

  .  retention of customers (expressed on a dollar or percentage basis);

  .  increase in New RC's or a subsidiary's customer satisfaction ratings
     (based on a survey conducted by an independent third party);

  .  economic value added (defined to mean net operating profit minus the
     cost of capital);

  .  market value added (defined to mean the difference between the market
     value of debt and equity, and economic book value);

  .  market share;

  .  level of expenses;

  .  combined ratio;

  .  payback period on investment; and

  .  net present value of investment.

On completion of the restriction period and attainment of any performance
objectives, the restrictions will expire with respect to one or more shares of
restricted stock. If target performance objectives are exceeded, the Committee
may award additional shares of New RC common stock to a participant.

   Options. An option entitles the holder to purchase shares of New RC common
stock at an exercise price determined at the time of the grant. Options granted
under the Plan may be either incentive stock options that are qualified under
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (or ISOs) or options that are intended
not to qualify under that provision (or Nonqualified Options). The grant of an
option does not require a payment by the grantee. Options may not be granted
with an exercise price per share that is less than 100% of the fair market
value of a share of New RC common stock on the grant date. The term of an
option may not exceed ten years. In the Committee's discretion, the exercise
price may be paid in cash, shares of New RC common stock, or a combination of
the cash and stock.

   Performance Units. Performance units are the right to receive a payment in
cash, New RC common stock, or both, upon the attainment during a performance
period of one or more performance objectives. Receipt of a performance unit
does not require a payment by the grantee. The performance objectives, which
may vary from participant to participant, will be based on such performance
criteria of combination of factors as the Committee deems appropriate. In the
case of a performance unit that is intended to satisfy the requirements of
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the performance goals are the same
as those that are set forth above for performance-based awards of restricted
stock.

   Stock Appreciation Rights. Stock appreciation rights (or SARs) are the right
to receive a payment equal in amount to the difference between, depending on
the terms of the SAR, either the fair market value of a share of New RC common
stock or the book value of a share of New RC common stock on the date of the
award and the date of exercise. SARs may be awarded in conjunction with an
option or as a separate award. Receipt of an SAR does not require a payment by
the grantee. If an SAR is awarded in conjunction with a stock option, the
exercise of the SAR will extinguish the corresponding stock option, and vice
versa. The term of an SAR may not exceed ten years. The payment upon the
exercise of SARs may be made in cash, in shares of New RC common stock, or
both, in the Committee's discretion.

   Dividend Equivalents. A dividend equivalent entitles the recipient to
receive a payment in an amount equal to the dividends paid on shares of New RC
common stock from the date of grant until the dividend equivalent lapses.
Dividend equivalents may be granted in conjunction with an option, a separately
awarded stock appreciation right, restricted stock, performance units, or
awards of additional New RC common stock if performance-based restricted stock
target performance objectives are exceeded. Receipt of dividend equivalents
does not require a payment by the grantee. Dividend equivalents lapse no later
than the date that the corresponding award lapses or is exercised.

Limitations on Performance-Based Awards to Certain Executives

   No award of performance-based restricted stock or performance units made to
a person who is, or in the opinion of the New RC Board or the Committee is
likely to be, a "covered employee" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the
Internal Revenue Code (whom we refer to as a covered executive) is permitted to
exceed $3,000,000, either in cash or in fair market value of New RC common
stock, for any performance period. In addition, no covered executive is
permitted to receive more than 5,000,000 in the aggregate of options, stock
appreciation rights, and shares of performance-based restricted stock over the
ten-year term of the Plan.

Consequences of a Change in Control of New RC

   If a participant in the Plan is terminated as an employee or director or
suffers a diminution of responsibility, authority, position, or salary
following a change in control of New RC, any outstanding awards held by the
participant will be affected in the following manner:

  .  All outstanding restricted stock awards will be entitled to an
     accelerated payout that is prorated based on the number of months of the
     restricted period that have elapsed when the change in control occurs.
     In determining the amount of the payment, the maximum performance
     achievement will be assumed.

  .  All outstanding options or stock appreciation rights will become
     immediately exercisable.

  .  All outstanding performance unit awards will be entitled to an
     accelerated payout that is prorated based on the number of months of the
     performance period that have elapsed when the change in control occurs,
     and assuming that the maximum performance was achieved.

   The term "change in control" as defined by the Plan means:

  .  the purchase or acquisition by any person, entity, or group of persons
     of beneficial ownership of 30% or more of the combined voting power of
     New RC's then outstanding shares of voting securities;

  .  the approval by the stockholders of New RC of a merger or consolidation
     with respect to which persons who were stockholders of New RC
     immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not, immediately
     thereafter, own more than 70% of the combined voting power of the merged
     or consolidated entity's then outstanding securities;

  .  a liquidation of New RC or the sale of substantially all of its assets;
     or

  .  within a 24-month period, a change of more than one-half of the members
     of the New RC Board whose election by the New RC Board or nomination for
     election by New RC's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least 2/3
     of the directors who were directors at the beginning of the period or
     whose election or nomination was previously so approved.

Tax Withholding

   New RC or its subsidiaries may withhold any applicable federal, state, or
local taxes upon payment under an award. Subject to any applicable law, if
payment under an award is to be made in New RC common stock, the New RC Board
may in its discretion permit or require a participant to satisfy any
withholding or other taxes payable through:

  .  the payment of cash by the participant to New RC or its subsidiaries;

  .  the retention by New RC or its subsidiaries of shares of New RC common
     stock; or

  .  the delivery by the participant to New RC or its subsidiaries of shares
     of New RC common stock owned by the participant.

Amendment or Termination of the Plan

   The New RC Board may at any time and from time to time alter, amend,
suspend, or terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, as it determines in its
sole discretion. However, no such action may, without the consent of the
participant to whom any award was previously granted, adversely affect the
rights of such participant concerning the award, except to the extent that such
termination, suspension, or amendment of the Plan or award (1) is required by
law or (2) is deemed by the New RC Board necessary in order to comply with the
requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code or Rule 16b-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Federal Income Tax Consequences

   The following is a discussion of the material federal income tax
consequences of the various types of awards under the Plan:

   Restricted Stock. The grant of restricted stock generally does not result in
taxable income to a participant or a tax deduction for New RC. At the time the
restrictions expire, however, a participant will realize ordinary taxable
income in an amount equal to the fair market value of the New RC common stock
on the date the restrictions expire, and New RC will be entitled to a
corresponding deduction. In addition, during or after the restriction period
(depending on whether the dividends are paid to the individuals or
accumulated), a participant will be taxed on the dividends paid with respect to
restricted stock as compensation, and New RC will be entitled to a
corresponding deduction.

   Incentive Stock Options. ISOs are intended to meet the requirements of
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. The grant of an ISO does not result
in taxable income to the participant or a tax deduction for New RC. The
exercise of an ISO will not result in ordinary taxable income to the
participant (although the difference between the exercise price and the fair
market value of the New RC common stock subject to the option may result in
alternative minimum tax liability to the participant) and New RC will not be
allowed a deduction at any time in connection with such award, if the following
conditions are met:

  .  at all times during the period beginning with the date of grant and
     ending on the day three months before the date of exercise, the
     participant is an employee of New RC or of a subsidiary; and

  .  the participant makes no disposition of New RC common stock within two
     years from the date of grant nor within one year after the New RC common
     stock is transferred to the participant.

The three-month period is extended to one year in the event of disability and
is waived in the event of death of the participant. If the New RC common stock
is sold by the participant after meeting these conditions, any gain realized
over the exercise price ordinarily will be treated as long-term capital gain,
and any loss will be treated as long-term capital loss, in the year of the
sale.

   If the participant fails to comply with the employment or holding period
requirements discussed above, the participant will recognize ordinary taxable
income in an amount equal to the lesser of:

  .  the excess of the fair market value of the New RC common stock on the
     date of exercise over the exercise price; or

  .  the excess of the amount realized upon such disposition over the
     exercise price. If the participant realizes ordinary taxable income on
     account of such a disqualifying disposition (described above), a
     corresponding deduction will be allowed to New RC for the same year.

   Nonqualified Stock Options. The grant of a Nonqualified Option does not
result in taxable income to the participant or a tax deduction for New RC. Upon
exercise of a nonqualified stock option, the participant will realize
compensation taxable as ordinary income in an amount equal to the difference
between the exercise price and the fair market value of the New RC common stock
on the date of exercise, and New RC will be entitled to a corresponding
deduction for the same year. The participant's basis in such shares will be the
fair market value on the date income is realized, and when the participant
disposes of the shares he or she will recognize capital gain or loss, either
long-term or short-term, depending on the holding period of the shares.

   Stock Appreciation Rights. The grant of an SAR does not result in taxable
income to the participant or a tax deduction for New RC. Upon exercise of an
SAR, the participant will realize ordinary taxable income in an amount equal to
the excess of the fair market value of the New RC common stock or cash received
over any amount paid by the participant upon exercise, and New RC will be
entitled to a corresponding deduction for the same year.

   Performance Units. The grant of a performance unit does not result in
taxable income to the participant or a tax deduction for New RC. Upon the
expiration of the applicable award cycle and receipt of the New RC common
stock distributed in payment of the award or an equivalent amount of cash, the
participant will realize ordinary taxable income equal to the full fair market
value of the shares delivered or the amount of cash paid. At that time, New RC
generally will be allowed a corresponding tax deduction equal to the
compensation taxable to participant.

   Dividend Equivalents. Dividend equivalents generally are taxed as
compensation when they are paid to the participant, and New RC receives a
corresponding deduction. If a participant elects (with the Committee's
consent) to be taxed on the value of a restricted stock award when the award
is granted, however, dividend equivalents paid with respect to the award will
be taxed as dividends and will not be deductible by New RC.

   Deduction Limit. Compensation paid to New RC's chief executive officer and
its four other most highly compensated officers generally will not be
deductible to the extent it exceeds $1 million. Certain performance-based
awards granted under a stockholder-approved plan are exempt from this
deduction limit, however. The Plan permits the Committee to make performance-
based awards to participants who otherwise might be subject to the deduction
limit.

New Plan Benefits

   The benefits that may be received under the Plan by any participant or
group of participants are not determinable, except for the annual grant to
each non-employee director of an option to purchase 1,000 shares. All other
awards to eligible participants will depend on future determinations made by
the New RC Board or the Committee.

Vote Required

   Approval of the Plan requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of the shares of Pepco common stock present in person or represented
by proxy and entitled to vote at the meeting. Abstentions will be deemed
present and entitled to vote, but will not be counted as a vote either for or
against this proposal, and therefore will have the same effect as a vote
against the approval of the Plan. Shares that are the subject of broker non-
votes will be counted as shares not entitled to vote.

   Likewise, approval of the Plan requires the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Conectiv stock present in person or represented
by proxy and entitled to vote at the annual meeting. Abstentions will be
deemed present and entitled to vote, but will not be counted as a vote either
for or against this proposal, and therefore will have the same effect as a
vote against the approval of the Plan. Shares that are the subject of broker
non-votes will be counted as shares not entitled to vote.

   The Pepco Board and the Conectiv Board each recommend a vote "FOR" the
adoption of the Plan.

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The unaudited pro forma combined financial information have been prepared to
give effect to the merger of Pepco and Conectiv resulting in both becoming
wholly owned subsidiaries of New RC. The transaction will be accounted for as
an acquisition of Conectiv by Pepco under the purchase method of accounting.
The unaudited pro forma financial information is derived from the March 31,
2000 and the December 31, 2000 historical financial statements of Pepco and
Conectiv. The Conectiv historical financial statements have been reclassified
to conform to the presentation in Pepco's financial statements. The unaudited
pro forma balance sheet assumes the transaction was consummated as of March 31,
2001. The unaudited pro forma income statement assumes the transaction was
consummated as of the beginning of the year ended December 31, 2000.

   Under the purchase method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of
Conectiv and liabilities assumed will be recorded at fair value and any excess
of the merger consideration, including direct acquisition costs, over such
amounts will be recorded as goodwill. The unaudited pro forma financial
information does not give effect to possible acquisition financing in
connection with this transaction as no specific conclusions have been reached
as to the amount or type of borrowing. We believe that any such borrowings at
the New RC level will be offset by reductions in a like amount of Pepco's
borrowings and that any new New RC borrowings will be at substantially the same
cost as the Pepco borrowings.

   The fair value of Conectiv's regulated assets equal their unaudited
historical net book value since such assets are recognized for ratemaking
purposes at their book value in determining regulated revenue requirements.
Conectiv maintains a portfolio of non-regulated generating assets and has
entered into agreements to sell certain assets included in that portfolio. The
unaudited pro forma financial information gives effect to the probable sale of
these assets even though such agreements are subject to regulatory approval.
For purposes of the unaudited pro forma combined financial information, the
fair values have been determined based on valuations performed during 2000 for
Conectiv's retained non-regulated generating assets.

   This unaudited pro forma combined financial information should be read in
conjunction with the separate historical financial statements and accompanying
notes of Pepco and Conectiv. The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations or
financial position that would have been achieved had the transactions reflected
therein been consummated as of the dates indicated, or of the results of
operations or financial position for any future periods or dates.

                                    NEW RC

              UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
                      FOR THE THREE MONTHS MARCH 31, 2001

                                                                                 Pro Forma
                                                                                Adjustments
                                                                                ---------------
                                                        Conectiv
                                                    Generating Asset
                                                          Sale       Conectiv                     New RC
                                      Conectiv       Adjustments -      (As                        (Pro
                          Pepco   (As Reclassified) note (i) dr (cr) Adjusted)  Debit    Credit   Forma)
                          ------  ----------------- ---------------- ---------  -----    ------   -------
                                      (Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts)

Operating Revenue
  Utility...............  $425.3      $  558.8           $ 12.9       $ 545.9    4.5(a)             966.7
  Competitive
   operations...........   168.9         999.2             18.3         980.9                     1,149.8
  Gain on divestiture of
   generation assets....    50.2           --                              --                        50.2
                          ------      --------           ------      --------   ----      ----    -------
    Total Operating
     Revenue............   644.4       1,558.0             31.2       1,526.8    4.5              2,166.7
                          ------      --------           ------      --------   ----      ----    -------
Operating Expenses
  Fuel and purchased
   energy...............   291.7       1,208.7             37.1       1,245.8                     1,537.5
  Other operation and
   maintenance..........    91.3         139.2            (26.5)        112.7                       204.0
  Depreciation and
   amortization.........    42.0          62.4            (15.1)         47.3    4.1(e)              93.4
  Other taxes...........    53.2          20.2              (.5)         19.7                        72.9
  Interest..............    46.1          47.9            (12.1)         35.8                        81.9
                          ------      --------           ------      --------   ----      ----    -------
    Total Operating
     Expenses...........   524.3       1,478.4            (17.1)      1,461.3    4.1              1,989.7
                          ------      --------           ------      --------   ----      ----    -------
Loss from Equity
 Investments............    (6.3)          (.8)              --           (.8)                       (7.1)
                          ------      --------           ------      --------   ----      ----    -------
Operating Income........   113.8          78.8            (14.1)         64.7    8.6                169.9
Distributions on
 Preferred Securities of
 Subsidiary Trust.......     2.3           5.2               --           5.2                         7.5
Income Tax Expense......    46.6          32.8             (5.6)         27.2              1.8(a)    71.4
                                                                                            .6(e)
                          ------      --------           ------      --------   ----      ----    -------
Net Income..............  $ 64.9      $   40.8           $ (8.5)     $   32.3   $8.6      $2.4    $  91.0
                          ------      --------           ------      --------   ----      ----    -------
Dividends and Redemption
 Premium/Expenses on
 Preferred Stock........     1.2           --                                                         1.2
Earnings Available for
 Common Stock...........  $ 63.7      $   40.8           $ (8.5)     $   32.3   $8.6      $2.4    $  89.8
                          ======      ========           ======      ========   ====      ====    =======
Weighted Average Shares
 Outstanding (in
 millions)
  Common Stock..........   110.5          83.7                                            35.1(f)   159.1
  Class A Common Stock..     --            5.7                                                        --
Earnings Per Share of
 Common Stock
  Common Stock, Basic...  $  .58      $    .48                                                    $   .56
  Common Stock,
   Diluted..............  $  .57      $    .48                                                    $   .55
  Class A Common Stock,
   Basic and Diluted....     --       $    .16                                                        --
Dividends Declared Per
 Share
  Common Stock..........  $0.415      $    .22                                                    $  0.36
  Class A Common Stock..     --       $    .80                                                        --

                                     NEW RC

               UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                                                                       Pro Forma
                                                                                      Adjustments
                                                                                      ---------------
                                                              Conectiv
                                                          Generating Asset
                                                                Sale       Conectiv                      New RC
                              Pepco         Conectiv       Adjustments -      (As                         (Pro
                          (As Reported) (As Reclassified) note (i) dr (cr) Adjusted)  Debit    Credit    Forma)
                          ------------- ----------------- ---------------- ---------  -----    ------   --------
                                          (Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts)

Operating Revenue
  Utility...............    $2,237.5        $2,112.6           $ 57.2      $2,055.4                     $4,292.9
  Competitive
  operations............       386.4         2,931.6             20.2       2,911.4                      3,297.8
  Gain (loss) on
  divestiture of
  generation and other
  assets................       423.8            (8.6)                          (8.6)                       415.2
                            --------        --------           ------      --------   -----     ----    --------
    Total Operating
    Revenue.............     3,047.7         5,035.6             77.4       4,958.2                      8,005.9
                            --------        --------           ------      --------   -----     ----    --------
Operating Expenses
  Fuel and purchased
  energy................     1,206.2         3,393.5            220.5       3,614.0                      4,820.2
  Other operation and
  maintenance...........       409.8           798.2           (146.6)        651.6                      1,061.4
  Depreciation and
  amortization..........       247.6           260.1            (62.5)        197.6    20.7(e)             465.9
  Other taxes...........       207.4            80.9             (2.1)         78.8                        286.2
  Interest..............       211.5           211.4                          211.4                        422.9
  Impairment loss.......        45.7             --                             --                          45.7
                            --------        --------           ------      --------   -----     ----    --------
    Total Operating
    Expenses............     2,328.2         4,744.1              9.3       4,753.4    20.7              7,102.3
                            --------        --------           ------      --------   -----     ----    --------
(Loss) Gain from Equity
Investments.............       (17.1)           33.2                           33.2                         16.1
                            --------        --------           ------      --------   -----     ----    --------
Operating Income........       702.4           324.7            (86.7)        238.0    20.7                919.7
Distributions on
Preferred Securities of
Subsidiary Trust........         9.2            20.4                           20.4                         29.6
Income Tax Expense......       341.2           133.5            (34.6)         98.9              2.3(e)    437.8
                            --------        --------           ------      --------   -----     ----    --------
Net Income..............       352.0           170.8            (52.1)        118.7    20.7      2.3       452.3
                            --------        --------           ------      --------   -----     ----    --------
Dividends and Redemption
Premium/Expenses on
Preferred Stock.........         5.5             --                                                          5.5
Earnings Available for
Common Stock............    $  346.5        $  170.8           $(52.1)     $  118.7   $20.7     $2.3    $  446.8
                            ========        ========           ======      ========   =====     ====    ========
Weighted Average Shares
Outstanding (in
millions)
  Common Stock..........       114.9            83.7                                            33.1(f)    165.5
  Class A Common Stock..         --              5.7                                             3.7(f)
Earnings Per Share of
Common Stock
  Common Stock, Basic...    $   3.02        $   1.97                                                    $   2.70
  Common Stock,
  Diluted...............    $   2.96        $   1.97                                                    $   2.67
  Class A Common Stock,
  Basic and Diluted.....         --         $   1.06                                                         --
Dividends Declared Per
Share
  Common Stock..........    $   1.66        $   0.88                                                    $   1.46
  Class A Common Stock..         --         $   3.20                                                         --

                                     NEW RC
                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                                 MARCH 31, 2001

                                                             Conectiv                    Pro Forma
                                                         Generating Asset Conectiv      Adjustments
                             Pepco         Conectiv      Sale Adjustment-    (As     ----------------------      New RC
                         (As Reported) (As Reclassified) note (i) dr (cr) Adjusted)   Debit         Credit     (Pro Forma)
                         ------------- ----------------- ---------------- ---------  --------      --------    -----------
                                                (Millions of Dollars)

         Assets
Current Assets
 Cash and cash
  equivalents...........   $ 1,074.1       $    44.3                      $    44.3                 1,098.0(a)  $    20.4
 Marketable securities..       217.7            29.4                           29.4                                 247.1
 Conectiv asset sale
  receivable............          --              --         $ 796.7          796.7                                 796.7
 Accounts receivable,
  net...................       451.4           983.0                          983.0                               1,434.4
 Fuel, materials and
  supplies--at average
  cost..................        34.8           118.2          (15.4)          102.8                                 137.6
 Prepaid expenses and
  other.................        38.3            36.9                           36.9                                  75.2
                           ---------       ---------         -------      ---------  --------      --------     ---------
  Total Current Assets..     1,816.3         1,211.8           781.3        1,993.1                 1,098.0       2,711.4
                           ---------       ---------         -------      ---------  --------      --------     ---------
Investments and Other
 Assets
 Investment in finance
  leases................       589.3            54.0                           54.0                                 643.3
 Operating lease
  equipment, net........        48.5              --                             --                                  48.5
 Goodwill...............          --           341.9                          341.9     543.1(d)                    885.0
 Regulatory assets,
  net...................          --         1,173.4           (47.0)       1,126.4                               1,126.4
 Other..................       639.8           343.3          (129.4)         213.9     365.9(d.2)                1,219.6
                           ---------       ---------         -------      ---------  --------      --------     ---------
  Total Investments and
   Other Assets.........     1,277.6         1,912.6          (176.4)       1,736.2     909.0                     3,922.8
                           ---------       ---------         -------      ---------  --------      --------     ---------
Property, Plant and
 Equipment
 Property, plant and
  equipment.............     4,240.7         5,754.2          (855.4)       4,898.8     191.0(d.1)  1,694.4(h)    7,636.1
 Accumulated
  depreciation..........    (1,575.9)       (2,222.8)          528.4       (1,694.4)  1,694.4(h)         --      (1,575.9)
                           ---------       ---------         -------      ---------  --------      --------     ---------
  Net Property, Plant
   and Equipment........     2,664.8         3,531.4          (327.0)       3,204.4   1,885.4       1,694.4       6,060.2
                           ---------       ---------         -------      ---------  --------      --------     ---------
  Total Assets..........   $ 5,758.7       $ 6,655.8         $ 277.9      $ 6,933.7  $2,794.4      $2,792.4     $12,694.4
                           ---------       ---------         -------      ---------  --------      --------     ---------

                                     NEW RC
                   UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
                                 MARCH 31, 2001

                                                             Conectiv                  Pro Forma
                                                         Generating Asset Conectiv    Adjustments
                             Pepco         Conectiv      Sale Adjustment-    (As     ------------------        New RC
                         (As Reported) (As Reclassified) note (i) dr (cr) Adjusted)  Debit       Credit      (Pro Forma)
                         ------------- ----------------- ---------------- ---------  ------      ------      -----------
                                               (Millions of Dollars)

Liabilities and
 Shareholders' Equity
Current Liabilities
 Short-term debt........   $  798.1        $  997.7                       $  997.7                            $ 1,795.8
 Accounts payable and
  accrued payroll.......      252.4           631.2                          631.2               $ 24.0(d.3)      933.6
                                                                                                   16.0(d)
                                                                                                   10.0(d.3)
 Capital lease
  obligations due within
  one year..............       15.2            15.6          $  15.5           0.1                                 15.3
 Interest and taxes
  accrued...............       99.3           115.6            (81.8)        197.4                                296.7
 Other                        188.5           169.6              1.2         168.4                 14.5(d.3)      371.4
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
  Total current
   liabilities..........    1,353.5         1,929.7            (65.1)      1,994.8                 64.5         3,412.8
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
Deferred Credits
 Regulatory liabilities,
  net...................      193.4            49.3             (5.2)         54.5                                247.9
 Income taxes...........      397.4           807.1            (65.4)        872.5                208.6(d.6)    1,478.5
 Investment tax credits
  and other.............       26.2            63.0             18.5          44.5                                 70.7
 Other..................       21.0           323.3             19.1         304.2   $  8.6(d.5)                  316.6
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
  Total Deferred
   Credits..............      638.0         1,242.7            (33.0)      1,275.7      8.6       208.6         2,113.7
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
Long-Term Debt and
 Capital Lease
 Obligations............    1,718.5         2,032.0              9.6       2,022.4      2.9(d.4)                3,738.0
Company Obligated
 Mandatorily Redeemable
 Preferred Securities Of
 Subsidiary Trust Which
 Holds Solely Parent
 Junior Subordinated
 Debentures.............      125.0           165.0                          165.0                                290.0
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
Preferred Stock.........       84.8           119.9                          119.9      1.7(d.4)                  203.0
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
Shareholders' Equity
 Common stock, $.01 par
  value for New RC......      118.5             0.9                            0.9    117.8(a)                      1.6
 Additional paid in
  capital...............    1,015.4         1,124.6                        1,124.6    120.6(c)     80.7(b)      2,100.1
 Unearned compensation..        --             (2.9)                          (2.9)                 2.9(c)          --
 Accumulated other
  comprehensive loss....       (8.6)          (14.2)                         (14.2)                14.2(c)         (8.6)
 Retained income........      955.1            60.8           (189.4)        250.2    111.6(c)                    843.5
                                                                                      250.2(c)
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
                            2,080.4         1,169.2           (189.4)      1,358.6    599.9        97.8         2,936.9
 Less cost of shares of
  common stock in
  treasury..............     (241.5)           (2.7)                          (2.7)               244.2(c)          --
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
                            1,838.9         1,166.5                        1,355.9    599.9       342.0         2,936.9
                           --------        --------          -------      --------   ------      ------       ---------
  Total Liabilities and
   Shareholders'
   Equity...............   $5,758.7        $6,655.8          $(277.9)     $6,933.7   $613.1      $615.1       $12,694.4
                           ========        ========          =======      ========   ======      ======       =========

           NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    (a)  The following pro forma adjustment is used to record the estimated par
value of New RC common stock ($.01) to be issued to existing Pepco and Conectiv
stockholders and to eliminate each company's existing par value common stock
balance. The number of shares of New RC common stock to be issued was estimated
using the number of Pepco common stock and Conectiv common stock and Class A
common stock shares outstanding at March 31, 2001. Each outstanding share of
Pepco common stock was converted into one share of New RC common stock and each
outstanding share of Conectiv common stock and Class A common stock was
converted into New RC common stock on the basis outlined in the merger
agreement, as shown below:

                                                             At March 31,

                                                         ---------------------
                                                         (Amounts in Millions,
                                                           except per share
                                                               amounts)

Adjustment to Record New RC Par Value
Total consideration to be paid to Conectiv's
 stockholders
 [see Adjustment (g)]...................................       $2,196.0
Portion to be paid in cash--(50%).......................        1,098.0
                                                               --------
New RC stock to be issued as consideration to Conectiv
 stockholders--(50%)....................................       $1,098.0
Price per share based upon average Pepco share price
 immediately before and after announcement of merger
 agreement [see Adjustment (g)].........................       $  21.89
Number of New RC shares to be issued to Conectiv
 stockholders, net of treasury shares...................           50.2
Number of New RC shares to be issued to Pepco
 stockholders, net of treasury shares...................          108.9
Total number of New RC shares to be issued..............          159.1
Par value per share.....................................       $   0.01
                                                               --------
Adjusted par value of New RC shares to be issued........       $    1.6
                                                               ========
Elimination of Pepco's common stock (par value), as
 reported...............................................       $ (118.5)
Elimination of Conectiv's common stock and Class A
 common stock (par value), as reclassified..............       $    (.9)
                                                               --------
Adjustment to common stock..............................       $ (117.8)
                                                               ========

   The par value calculation above assumes that at the consummation of the
transaction the Average Final Price equals $21.89. The merger agreement defines
boundaries (the "collar") for the Average Final Price. If the Average Final
Price is within the collar, the total consideration paid to Conectiv
Stockholders will remain the same and have no impact on the pro forma financial
information except for earnings and dividends per share described below. If the
Average Final Price does not fall within the established collar of $19.50 to
$24.50 then the effect of the Average Final Price and the Conectiv common stock
exchange ratio, as defined in the merger agreement, will impact the pro forma
financial information including total goodwill, goodwill amortization, and paid
in capital. The impact of Pepco's closing share price being above $24.50 or
below $19.50 will be as follows:

  .  If the Average Final Price falls below $19.50, the total number of New
     RC common stock shares issued to Conectiv common stockholders will
     increase by approximately 6.1 million shares. For each $1.00 decrease in
     the Average Final Price below $19.50, the total merger consideration, as
     described would decrease by approximately $112.6 million primarily
     resulting in a decrease to additional paid in capital and goodwill
     relating to the unaudited pro forma Combined Balance Sheet, a decrease
     to goodwill amortization and increase to net income of $2.8 million and
     $0.7 million and increase earnings per share of approximately $0.017 and
     $0.004 related to the December 31, 2000 and March 31, 2001 unaudited pro
     forma Combined Statements of Earnings.

  .  If the Average Final Price rises above $24.50, the total number of New
     RC common stock shares issued to Conectiv common stockholders will
     decrease by approximately 5.4 million shares.

     For each $1.00 increase in the Average Final Price above $24.50, the
     total merger consideration would increase by approximately $89.6 million
     primarily resulting in an increase to additional paid in capital and
     goodwill relating to the unaudited pro forma Combined Balance Sheet, an
     increase to goodwill amortization and decrease to net income of
     $2.2 million and $0.6 million and decrease earnings per share by
     approximately $0.015 and $0.004 related to the December 31, 2000 and
     March 31, 2001 unaudited pro forma Combined Statements of Earnings.

   The impact to pro forma earnings per share of Pepco's closing shares price
being between $19.50 and $24.50 will be as follows:

  .  As of March 31, 2001 and December 31, 2000, each $0.10 change in the
     Average Final Price between $19.50 and $21.89 would result in an a
     decrease in earnings per share of less than $0.001 to a maximum of $0.02
     and $0.005 to a maximum of $0.10.

  .  As of March 31, 2001 and December 31, 2000, each $0.10 change in the
     Average Final Price between $21.89 and $24.50 would result in an
     increase in earnings per share of less than $0.001 to a maximum of $0.02
     and $.004 to a maximum of $0.09.

   As a result of the cash used in this transaction, for the three months ended
March 31, 2001, pro forma interest revenue was reduced by $4.5 million and the
related pro forma income tax benefit was $1.8 million. There is no
corresponding pro forma adjustment at December 31, 2000, since the cash from
Pepco's divestiture of its generation assets was received on December 19, 2000
and earned very little return for the year ended December 31, 2000.

    (b) Adjustment to reflect New RC's additional paid-in capital:

                                                          As of March 31, 2001
                                                          ---------------------
                                                          (Amounts in millions)

     Change in par value of Pepco common stock ($1 par
      value) upon conversion to 108.9 million shares of
      New RC common stock ($.01 par value)...............       $   107.8
     Stock consideration to Conectiv's stockholders in
      excess of New RC common stock par value............         1,097.5
     Elimination of Conectiv's historical additional
      paid-in capital....................................        (1,124.6)
                                                                ---------
     Adjustment to additional paid-in capital............            80.7
                                                                ---------

    (c) Under the terms of the merger agreement, Pepco's and Conectiv's common
stock held in treasury will be canceled. The pro forma entry eliminates Pepco's
treasury stock related to the excess of cost over par value of common stock
(see Adjustment (a)--elimination of common stock) to additional paid in capital
and retained earnings on a pro rata basis. Conectiv's historical amounts
related to treasury stock, unearned compensation, accumulated other
comprehensive loss, and retained income are also eliminated.

    (d) The table below presents the estimated total cost of acquiring Conectiv
and the allocation of that cost to Conectiv's identifiable tangible and
intangible assets and liabilities. Although this calculation is preliminary, it
represents all supportable adjustments known to Conectiv's and Pepco's
management.

                                                   At March 31, 2001
                                          ------------------------------------
                                                                    Required
                                            Conectiv    Fair Value  Pro Forma
                                          (as adjusted)   Amount   Adjustments
                                          ------------- ---------- -----------
                                                 (Amounts in millions)

Consideration to be paid to Conectiv's
 stockholders [see Adjustment (a)].......                $2,196.0       --
Add: Estimated direct acquisition costs
       to be incurred by Pepco...........                    16.0       --
                                                         --------
   Total acquisition costs...............                $2,212.0
                                                         --------
Less assets acquired:
  Property, plant and equipment, net.....    3,204.4      3,395.4     191.0 (1)
  Investments and other assets (excluding
   Conectiv's historical goodwill).......    1,394.3      1,760.2     365.9 (2)
  Current assets.........................    1,993.1      1,993.1       --
                                             -------     --------     -----
  Total assets acquired (excluding
   Conectiv's historical goodwill).......    6,591.8      7,148.7
Add liabilities acquired:
  Preferred stock and securities of
   subsidiaries..........................      284.9        283.2      (1.7)(4)
  Long-term debt.........................    2,022.4      2,019.5      (2.9)(4)
  Current liabilities....................    1,994.8      1,994.8       --
  Deferred credits and other
   liabilities...........................    1,275.7      1,267.1      (8.6)(5)
                                             -------     --------
  Total liabilities acquired.............    5,577.8      5,564.6
  Liabilities assumed....................                    48.5      48.5 (3)
  Deferred income tax liability..........                   208.6     208.6 (6)
                                                         --------
  Goodwill...............................                   885.0
  Elimination of Conectiv's historical
   goodwill..............................                  (341.9)
                                                         --------
Adjustment to goodwill...................                   543.1
                                                         ========

   In addition to the stock consideration paid by New RC for Conectiv [see
Adjustments (a) and (b)], cash consideration of $1,098 million will be paid
[see Adjustment (a)].

   (1) This amount includes a $191.0 million adjustment to record non-regulated
generating assets adjusted to fair value based on independent valuations
performed in 2000. The fair value of Conectiv's regulated assets reflect their
book value due to the jurisdictional ratemaking process, as regulated assets
are recognized for ratemaking purposes at their book values in determining
regulated revenue requirements. Accordingly, the economic substance is that the
fair value of regulated assets is their book value.

   (2) This amount consists of adjustments of $183.4 million for additional
prepaid pension assets based on the excess of plan assets over the projected
benefit obligation after eliminating unrecognized actuarial gains, prior
services costs and net transaction assets and $182.5 million to record the fair
value of energy contracts as determined by comparing contractual costs to
quoted market prices for equivalent purchase energy contracts.

   (3) This amount consists of adjustments for the assumption of liabilities
related to $24.0 million of estimated merger costs for Conectiv, $10 million
for the estimated compensation that Conectiv will incur due to the change in
control and $14.5 million adjustment to record an estimated liability
associated with Conectiv's settlement of stock options held by certain Conectiv
officers and management. The Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Statement of Earnings
for the year ended December 31, 2000 does not reflect these amounts, as they
are nonrecurring charges.

   (4) Adjustment to record $2.9 million and $1.7 million fair value
adjustments to Conectiv's long-term debt and preferred stock.

   (5) Adjustment to eliminate a liability reduction of $8.6 million relating
to other post retirement benefits projected plan obligations over plan assets
after eliminating unrecognized actuarial gains, prior service costs and net
trust or obligations for the excess of the fair value of the plan assets over
the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.

   (6) Represents the net deferred tax liability for the estimated income tax
effect of the pro forma adjustment using an estimated effective tax rate of
40%.

   (e) Adjustment for the three months ended March 31, 2001 to reflect the
amortization of goodwill over a 40-year period and depreciation based on the
pro forma adjustments to property plant and equipment using an estimated
depreciation rate of 3%. Additionally, a $0.6 million pro forma adjustment
excluding non-deductible goodwill based on an effective tax rate of 40% is
recorded. This amount for the year ended December 31, 2000 was $20.7 million,
including a $2.3 million tax effect.

   (f) Adjustment to reflect the weighted average number of New RC's common
stock shares outstanding (159.1 million) giving effect to the common stock
shares issued to the Conectiv common stockholders. Pro forma adjustment is
$35.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2001 and $39.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2000.

   (g) The following details the calculation for the total consideration to be
paid to Conectiv stockholders:

   Total Conectiv common stock shares.................      82.9 million
   Purchase price per share of Conectiv common stock..            $25.00(1)
                                                        ----------------
   Consideration paid for Conectiv common stock.......  $2,072.4 million

   Total Conectiv Class A common stock shares.........       5.7 million
   Purchase price per share of Conectiv Class A common
    stock.............................................            $21.69(1)
                                                        ----------------
   Consideration paid for Conectiv Class A common
    stock.............................................    $123.6 million

   Total Consideration Paid to Conectiv stockholders..  $2,196.0 million
                                                        ================

   50% allocation between cash and New RC common
    stock.............................................          $1,098.0(1)
   Conversion price ..................................            $21.89(1),(2)
                                                        ----------------
   Total shares of New RC common stock to be issued to
    Conectiv stockholders.............................      50.2 million
   Pepco common stock shares (less treasury stock)....     108.9 million
                                                        ----------------
   Total New RC common stock shares to be issued......     159.1 million
                                                        ================

- --------

(1) Purchase price per share of Conectiv common stock and Class A common stock
    and purchase price cash and common stock allocation is determined in the
    merger agreement.

(2) Conversion price is based on a randomly selected sample of a 20-day
    weighted average closing price of Pepco common stock from the thirty
    business days ending May 18, 2001 (the most recent practical date).

   Total shares issued are contingent upon the Average Final Price of Pepco
common stock. Therefore, movements in the Average Final Price may impact
earnings per share as described in note (a). The total shares

issued by New RC will change only with respect to shares issued to Conectiv
stockholders. The table below provides examples of the total shares to be
issued at various Average Final Prices of Conectiv common stock.

                           Shares to be
                            issued to   March 31, 2001 December 31, 2000
                             Conectiv    New RC, Inc.    New RC, Inc.
             Average       Stockholders   Dividends        Dividends
           Final Price      (millions)    Per Share        Per Share
           -----------     ------------ -------------- ----------------- ---

          (less than or
             =)$ 19.50         56.3         $0.35            $1.46
               20.50           53.6          0.36             1.49
                 21.50         51.1          0.37             1.51
                 21.89         50.2          0.37             1.52
                 22.50         48.8          0.37             1.53
               23.50           46.7          0.38             1.56
         (greater than or
            =)   24.50         44.8          0.38             1.57

   (h) Adjustment to eliminate Conectiv's accumulated depreciation on property
plant and equipment.

   (i) Adjustment for probable disposition of certain of Conectiv's generating
assets.

  Conectiv has entered into agreements to sell its subsidiaries' nuclear and
  non-strategic baseload fossil electric generating plants subject to
  regulatory approval. The following major assumptions were made in preparing
  this adjustment:

  .  For purposes of the pro forma balance sheet, the sales of nuclear and
     non-strategic baseload fossil electric plants were all assumed to occur
     as of March 31, 2001.

  .  For purposes of the pro forma statement of earnings, the sales described
     above were assumed to occur as of January 1, 2000.

  .  The total sales price of the generating plants is approximately $796.7
     million and results in a net gain of $189.4 million.

  .  No assumptions have been made regarding subsequent usage of proceeds to
     be received.

  .  Other assumptions specific to the sales is included in Exhibit 99 to
     Conectiv's 2000 annual report on Form 10-K incorporated herein by
     reference.

                                    CONECTIV

                RECLASSIFYING CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS

                   FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2001

                                    Conectiv      Conectiv        Conectiv
                                  (Historical) (Reclasses)(a) (As Reclassified)
                                  ------------ -------------- -----------------
                                              (Millions of Dollars)

Operating Revenues
  Utility........................   $    --       $ 558.8         $  558.8
  Competitive operations.........        --         999.2            999.2
  Electric.......................      766.9       (766.9)             --
  Gas............................      638.1       (638.1)             --
  Other services.................      149.6       (149.6)             --
                                    --------      -------         --------
                                     1,554.6          3.4          1,558.0
                                    --------      -------         --------
Operating Expenses
  Fuel and purchased energy......        --       1,208.7          1,208.7
  Electric fuel and purchased
   energy and capacity...........      485.7       (485.7)             --
  Gas purchased..................      629.4       (629.4)             --
  Other services' cost of sales..      120.1       (120.1)             --
  Operation and maintenance......      112.7         26.5            139.2
  Depreciation and amortization..       62.4          --              62.4
  Taxes other than income taxes..       20.2          --              20.2
  Interest.......................        --          47.9             47.9
                                    --------      -------         --------
                                     1,430.5         47.9          1,478.4
                                    --------      -------         --------
Earnings from equity
 investments.....................        --           (.8)             (.8)
                                    --------      -------         --------
Operating income.................      124.1        (45.3)            78.8
Other income.....................        2.8         (2.8)             --
                                    --------      -------         --------
Interest Expense
  Interest charges...............       53.0        (53.0)             --
  Allowance for borrowed funds
   used during construction and
   capitalized interest..........       (4.9)         4.9              --
                                    --------      -------         --------
                                        48.1        (48.1)             --
                                    --------      -------         --------
Preferred stock dividend
 requirements of subsidiaries....        5.2          --               5.2
Income before income taxes.......       73.6          --              73.6
Income taxes.....................       32.8          --              32.8
                                    --------      -------         --------
Net income.......................       40.8          --              40.8
                                    ========      =======         ========
Earnings Applicable To:
  Common stock...................       39.9          --              39.9
  Class A common stock...........         .9          --                .9
                                    --------      -------         --------
    Total........................       40.8          --              40.8
                                    ========      =======         ========

- --------

(a) These reclassifying entries are necessary to reflect Conectiv's statement
    of earnings amounts for the three months ended March 31, 2001 on a
    consistent basis with Pepco's presentation.

                                    CONECTIV

                RECLASSIFYING CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS

                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                                    Conectiv      Conectiv        Conectiv
                                  (Historical) (Reclasses)(a) (As Reclassified)
                                  ------------ -------------- -----------------
                                              (Millions of Dollars)

Operating Revenues
  Utility........................   $    --      $ 2,112.6        $2,112.6
  Competitive operations.........        --        2,931.6         2,931.6
  Gain/loss on divestiture of
   generation and other assets...        --           (8.6)           (8.6)
  Electric.......................    2,906.3      (2,906.3)            --
  Gas............................    1,529.8      (1,529.8)            --
  Other services.................      593.0        (593.0)            --
                                    --------     ---------        --------
                                     5,029.1           6.5         5,035.6
                                    --------     ---------        --------
Operating Expenses
  Fuel and purchased energy......        --        3,393.5         3,393.5
  Electric fuel and purchased
   energy and capacity...........    1,613.5      (1,613.5)            --
  Gas purchased..................    1,445.9      (1,445.9)            --
  Other services' cost of sales..      504.6        (504.6)            --
  Special charges (Loss on sale
   of businesses)................       25.2         (25.2)            --
  Gain on sale of interest in
   nuclear plants................      (16.6)         16.6             --
  Operation and maintenance......      627.7         170.5           798.2
  Depreciation and amortization..      260.1           --            260.1
  Taxes other than income taxes..       80.9           --             80.9
  Interest.......................        --          211.4           211.4
                                    --------     ---------        --------
                                     4,541.3         202.8         4,744.1
                                    --------     ---------        --------
Earnings from equity
 investments.....................        --           33.2            33.2
                                    --------     ---------        --------
Operating income.................      487.8        (163.1)          324.7
Other income.....................       49.5         (49.5)            --
                                    --------     ---------        --------
Interest Expense
  Interest charges...............      223.4        (223.4)            --
  Allowance for borrowed funds
   used during construction and
   capitalized interest..........      (10.8)         10.8             --
                                    --------     ---------        --------
                                       212.6        (212.6)            --
                                    --------     ---------        --------
Preferred stock dividend
 requirements of subsidiaries....       20.4           --             20.4
Income before income taxes.......      304.3        (304.3)            --
Income taxes.....................      133.5           --            133.5
                                    --------     ---------        --------
Net income.......................      170.8           --            170.8
                                    ========     =========        ========
Earnings Applicable To:
  Common stock...................      164.7           --            164.7
  Class A common stock...........        6.1           --              6.1
                                    --------     ---------        --------
    Total........................      170.8           --            170.8
                                    ========     =========        ========

- --------

(a) These reclassifying entries are necessary to reflect Conectiv's statement
    of earnings amounts for the year ended December 31, 2000 on a consistent
    basis with Pepco's presentation.

                                    CONECTIV

                    RECLASSIFYING CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                 MARCH 31, 2001

                                     Conectiv      Conectiv        Conectiv
                                   (Historical) (Reclasses)(a) (As Reclassified)
                                   ------------ -------------- -----------------
                                               (Millions of Dollars)

             Assets
Current Assets
  Cash and cash equivalents......    $   44.3           --         $   44.3
  Marketable securities..........         --           29.4            29.4
  Accounts receivable, net.......       983.0           --            983.0
  Inventories, at average cost...         --          118.2           118.2
    Fuel (coal, oil and gas).....        64.6         (64.6)            --
    Materials and supplies.......        53.6         (53.6)            --
  Deferred energy supply costs...        21.2         (21.2)            --
  Prepayments....................        25.6           --             25.6
  Deferred income taxes, net.....        11.3           --             11.3
                                     --------      --------        --------
                                       1203.6       